Conceptually cream skimming has two basic dimensions - product and geography.
Product and geography are what make cream skimming work. 

yeah i tell you what though if you go price some of those tennis shoes i can see why now you know they're getting up in the hundred dollar range
The tennis shoes have a range of prices.

But a few Christian mosaics survive above the apse is the Virgin with the infant Jesus, with the Archangel Gabriel to the right (his companion Michael, to the left, has vanished save for a few feathers from his wings).
Most of the Christian mosaics were destroyed by Muslims.  

It's not that the questions they asked weren't interesting or legitimate (though most did fall under the category of already asked and answered).
All of the questions were interesting according to a focus group consulted on the subject.

Thebes held onto power until the 12th Dynasty, when its first king, Amenemhet Iwho reigned between 1980 1951 b.c. established a capital near Memphis.
The capital near Memphis lasted only half a century before its inhabitants abandoned it for the next capital. 

He turned and smiled at Vrenna.
He smiled at Vrenna who was walking slowly behind him with her mother.

and it's it's quite a bit i think six something is the state and and uh the rest of the pie goes elsewhere but we're in a particular part of the state that's pretty well off so it's it's like we get a lot of that back as far as local taxation goes
I do not know exactly where the local taxes go.

yeah well you're a student right
Well you're a mechanics student right?

Were they in there?
Were they supposed to be in there?

When the trust fund begins running cash deficits in 2016, the government as a whole must come up with the cash to finance Social Security's cash deficit by reducing any projected non-Social Security surpluses, borrowing from the public, raising other taxes, or reducing other government spending.
The public would generally prefer to see the government reduce its spending in other areas to finance Social Security.

and it is nice talking to you all righty
I talk to you every day.

She smiled back.
She was so happy she couldn't stop smiling.

I did not mention Monica in my lecture, but the first question I was asked was how President Clinton could do his job with all the distractions caused by the Monica Lewinsky affair.
They wanted to get through the lecture without any problems.

Analyzing Postal Service accounts for depreciation, fuel, and maintenance for city delivery carriers, we have estimated the average city delivery vehicle cost per route.
Driving cost estimates can be averaged will sufficient data.

Because it plays on my childhood imagination.
The art plays on my young imagination.

At the heart of the sanctuary, a small granite shrine once held the sacred barque of Horus himself.
Horus is a god.

In full costume.
He is wearing a mascot costume.

Although your journey is going to be difficult and at times you will doubt yourselves, the benefits to clients are well worth it and the satisfaction of hearing even the most recalcitrant of adversaries say that the new system is better than the one that went before is deeply rewarding.
The new system appears far more complex, but ultimately easier and more thorough.

i often think gee i wish i had a video camera because i could sure use ten thousand dollars so but i like things like Evening Shade with Burt Reynolds i really enjoy that and uh
Video cameras that I need are very expensive.

In the midst of this amazing amalgam of cultures is a passion for continuity.
A passion for continuity is not the most important of these cultures.

Putting aside stage as a horse-drawn conveyance, a popular delicatessen, a part of a rocket, and an opportunity to mock Gail Sheehy (who seems to get a free ride from News Quiz participants), this question all but demanded the invention of a violent theatrical event, and that's not easy.
 Gail Sheehy is a popular target for mocking on other shows.

Ca'daan continued.
Ca'daan refused to stop.

well because how how hot i mean like like in the coldest that it gets in winter down there how much is it
It's hot all the time where I live, including winter.

To be sure that any needlework item is the genuine article (as opposed to an inferior import or machine-made piece), look for a lead seal with an M, the emblem of IBTAM meaning it's been certified by the Instituto de Bordado, Tapecaras e Arte?­sanato da Madeira (Institute of Madeiran Embroidery, Tapestry, and Handicrafts), an official island organization that has a showroom/museum on Rua Visconde de Anadia, 44.
There is a seal to show authenticity in needlework items made in Italy.

No matter what I ended up doing, I think I would have found some way within that profession to do public work, because that's what I was taught, Zelon said. 
This is like using the postition as a banker to help make regulations better for the public.

Back on the road to Jaisalmer, one last splash of color delights the senses before you plunge into the the fields are dotted with mounds of red hot chili peppers.
The road to Jaisalmer is bumpy and unpleasant to ride on. 

they supplied some uh you know they were some groups uh the Vicksburg if you ever get a chance to go over to Vicksburg the battleground at Vicksburg uh there's an area there where there was uh some Texas uh groups and they had an interesting time there
There were also North Carolina troops at Vicksburg.

and so i started watching it and all of a sudden stay tuned next week and i went what
I wouldn't have started watching it if I'd known.

In the east, Christian forces were in retreat as a new Moslem power began to rise.
Although the Christian forces were stronger, they were in retreat.

yeah and what to do when they're faced with it
They'll face peer pressure and will need to say no.

After a lightning victory over the ill-prepared French armies, the Germans marched on Paris and laid siege to the city, which finally capitulated in January 1871 in the face of dwindling food supplies.
Paris was unhappy to have to surrender to the Germans.

Theoretically scale economies in delivery are not firm specific.
Scale economies are flexible.

Without the support of federal finance organizations, program managers may not be able to determine or defend the cost associated with or benefits derived from government activities.
Federal finance organizations are the best source of information for program managers.

They depended too heavily on the second great principle of contagion, and that seemed to be wrapped up with some kind of association through the signs and houses and the courses of the planets.
The signs, houses and the courses of the planets have a great impact on daily life.

'Uh, hi guys,' Daniel said meekly.
Daniel greeted everyone even though he was shy.

A misty morning makes the scene even more evocative of the past.
A misty morning in Paris brings to mind old evocative imagery of times gone by.

oh yeah they do that i mean in in in north Texas they do that quite a bit where you know if you want to go to this particular movie or concert or a discounted thing the big thing down here is rodeos uh if you
I try to get discounted prices when I can. 

Over the past eight years, the school acquired over $88 million of real estate in the Allston section of Boston without revealing its identity to prospective sellers.
Over the past eight years, the school acquired more than 88 million in real estate in the Allston section of Boston while remaining completely anonymous even to its own students.

um-hum so you figure one of these days you're going to go back to being an engineer is that what you think
One of these days, you will go back to studying.

However, my confidence in him, which at one time had rather waned, was fully restored since his belief in Alfred Inglethorp's innocence had been so triumphantly vindicated. 
I felt the real murderer should now be easier to determine.

(Kohler's Dictionary for Accountants) CONTRACT AUTHORITY - Contract authority is a subset of budget authority.
Contract authority must be granted by the financial authority.

The company once assembled, Poirot rose from his seat with the air of a popular lecturer, and bowed politely to his audience. 
Poirot rose from his seat, bowed and started addressing the audience.

History defies laws.
Laws are weak when talking about the past and the future.

 the uncompromising Vel?¡zquez portrait of ugly Queen Marianna of Austria; El Greco's powerfully mystic Christ on the Crose Ribera's gruesomely good-humored The Club Foot.
El Greco was a extremely famous Spanish painter whose work was often religious.

The individual artisans' shops are no longer here, but you can visit a silk-weaving factory, a ceramics plant, and the Foshan Folk Art Studio, where you can observe workers making Chinese lanterns, carving sculptures, painting scrolls, and cutting intricate designs in paper.
Workers carve sculptures and paint scrolls with great enthusiasm.

um but i think in time come you're going to see that happening you're going to see um where the high risk people pay a premium but they have to find a way to prove it
It would take some time before high-risk people start paying a premium.

He'd stopped wondering and now accepted; he meant to get away from here at the first chance and he was somehow sure he could.
The doctors office was a terrible place and he wanted out.

Once, Las Vegas showrooms were filled with top entertainment headliners, comedians, production shows, and dancing girls that could be enjoyed at a very low price.
Due to inflation and the production value, Las Vegas shows now cost more to see.

we have gone on trips we've bathed in streams
In addition to bathing in streams, we've also gone to spas and saunas.

i bet even my cats could do that
My cats could probably do that because they are brilliant.

oh no well i don't find a lot of time to watch TV and a lot of the time i find it during the day when i'm rocking my little girl to sleep  so i watch a lot of reruns old shows
I enjoy watching the old reruns because I find them calming.

so that will definitely help in taxes and what you will get back
You'll probably get a lot bigger refund.

Yes, Mistuh Reese, suh? 
THe slave spoke to Mr Reece.

But such a show would have meant the museum taking a hard look at its own, often controversial part in the art world.
The museum didn't want to look too closely into its part in the art world.

And while we allow people to give a kidney to their child, we do not allow them to donate their heart.
You can't always donate organs to your child. 

Who could there be?"
The speaker doesn't know who it is.

Take a backwaters trip through the lagoons and around the island villages.
Backwater rides are popular in this area. 

Alcohol use and trauma.
Trauma is the leading cause of alcohol abuse.

In a culture where Xena and Hercules have hit TV shows, it's a lot more fun imagining that you are a valiant warrior doing business-as-battle than it is to admit that you're a pudgy functionary whose most daring deed is to draft a boldly worded memo.
Xena and Hercules both have hit shows on CBS.

Automobile includes small trucks.
Small trucks are not great automobiles.

You're quite safe." Her breath came more normally, and the colour was returning to her cheeks.
She started recovering from the mild shock she had gone through.

After its early failure, Hubble now provides vital clues to the universe.
Hubble failed earlier becuase they weren't making enough discoveries.

A library with the maximum allowable e-rate subsidy of 90 percent would still find itself paying a monthly Internet bill of $186.
A library has a maximum subsidy of 90% for utilities.

I'd call it a bad date.
I'd consider it a bad date because the girl was rude to the waiter.

For adventurous travelers looking for an introduction to the South, the rewards are rich.
For those who prefer more safety, other options are available.

It covers most but not all close Senate and gubernatorial races.)
The radio station covers most close gubernatorial races

The point is not that investing in foreign companies is necessarily a mistake.
Putting money into foreign companies poses a great risk.

Currently OASI and DI make payments to that Account, and HI receives payment.
The Account is the easiest way to keep track of payments made by OASI and DI on an annual basis.

In addition to the effects on household saving choices, individual accounts may also affect the relationship and interactions between Social Security and private pensions.
Individual accounts would reduce demand for private pensions.

Washington Post reports two attempts by private companies to grow embryos--a practice banned among federally funded researchers but allowed in the private sector.
The Washington Post was the first company to report on attempts of private companies growing embryos.

But the explanation is institutional, not ideological.
Many experts have argued that it's impossible to separate the institutional from the ideological in the circumstances.

Participants generally agreed that improvements in corporate governance will bring about improvements in auditing.
The participants only agreed on a few subjects.

Ever see a contemplative Power Ranger?
Ever see a Power Ranger consider the consequences of their actions?

The great Kanto earthquake of 1923 destroyed some 60,000 homes in Yokohama and took over 20,000 lives.
Yokohama took a long time to recover from the earthquake.

Let me try it." She began snapping her fingers and saying the word eagerly, but nothing happened.
She became frustrated when the spell didn't work. 

By one estimate, Russia's economic output would more than double if the Russians simply sold off their natural resources instead of trying to make something out of them.
It is possible that Putin wants to develop the financial independence and work skills of Russians and the loss of money in less profit to merely selling off materials is worth the manufacturing expertise gained by his people as they create goods within their own country. 

Research over the last 20 years has changed the scientific view of life.
The last 5 years of research have a higher proportion influence.

yeah well uh we're not uh really sailors but i want some summer soon to um hire a sailboat with a captain since we're not you know versed in that and uh go to the Caribbean
He has sailed a little.

no not near as much as i'd like to i mean i've i tend to stay pretty busy at my job and uh
If my job wasn't so busy, I do that a lot more.

We have a problem concerning gift etiquette.
The problem we have with gift etiquette is people not knowing how to choose appropriate gifts.

equivalent to increasing national saving to 19.
National savings are 18 now.

Today, as always, the time-honored occupations of fishing and farming support Martinique's fragile existence the delicious rum also helps.
Martinique makes more money from fishing than from farming.

Comments regarding enforcement issues and questions raised by the regulated industry were addressed by EPA in four Detergent Rule Question and Answer Documents.
All the issues and questions raised by the regulated industry were addressed by the EPA.

The Ottoman Empire surrendered when World War I ended the following year, and, following a declaration by the League of Nations (the forerunner to the United Nations), Britain became rulers of Palestine by mandate.
If the Ottoman Empire never surrendered, Palestine wouldn't have been ruled by the British.

I have done my best to target unpopulated areas at unpopulated times, but the guilt still weights heavy on my soul.'
Many people have died even though the areas were supposed to be unpopulated.

Thurmond announced a few weeks ago that he won't run again.
Thurmond was defeated in six previous elections.

Network externalities are in.
The public is not informed how the network works.

We could use their assistance should it be needed.
We might need help every day.

that can be a mess we camped at the beach one time and that was sort of miserable you just couldn't everywhere you went there was sand you couldn't even when you're eating it it was in your bed
It is a bad idea to camp and eat on a beach.

Grand row! 
It was a good row, but it could've been better.

Had that piquant gipsy face been at the bottom of the crime, or was it 73 the baser mainspring of money? 
Was that gipsy face responsible for the crime against the old woman?

we drive sixty five oh yes well
The vehicle was a hybrid in which we drove 65.

Randy's Tough Love Wrap-Up
The first version of the Wrap-up of Randy's Tough Love.

Serious auto racing arrived in Las Vegas in 1996 with the opening of the Las Vegas Motor Speedway, 17 miles (27 km) north of Downtown on Interstate 15.
The Las Vegas Motor Speedway continues to be the city's top tourist attraction.

He was watching Muller as if the sergeant, rather than his men, was the focal point of any future attack.
Muller had something fascinating about him, so he attracted all the attention.

I could feel gazes on my back; people peering out from between curtains, stealing glimpses through letterboxes.
It was very strange to feel like people were watching us.

 "All whose true names they could find, that is," Garm amended.
Everyone's true name they could find was added to the book.

According to HUD staff, after the Economic Analysis was submitted to OMB, HUD made changes in the Analysis to maintain its consistency with the rule, to which minor changes had been made as described below.
It took staff one month to make the changes to the  Economic Analysis.

Had they any clue, or 103 would the whole thing remain in the category of undiscovered crimes? 
These villains get more naive every year.

2) House Judiciary Committee Chairman Henry Hyde said he has begun to examine impeachment procedures in the event they are justified.
Henry Hyde is a new house judiciary.

He was writing a warning, not a prescription.
The police officer was writing a warning ticket, not a prescription from a doctor.

Sometimes such funds are devoted to retraining existing nontechnical personnel to supply them with IT expertise.
Sometimes the funds are devoted to retraining existing nontechnical personnel so they understand how to program their computers.

Rips was sufficiently enraged by Statistical Science 's acceptance of the rebuttal paper that he retained a lawyer, who advised the journal that the accusations in the article about to be published ...
Rips was enraged by Stastical Science's acceptance of the rebuttal and their nonchalant attitude so he retained a lawyer who would advise the journal that accusations about to be published...

and then i have a cauliflower that i would cook garlic bread green salad tea and we'd have a lemon pie for dessert
For your birthday dinner, I will make cauliflower, garlic bread, and green salad with tea to drink, and lemon pie for dessert.

You did not mention his name this afternoon, or I would have suggested your going to him for further information with my card as introduction.
He and I are good friends.

oh yeah no that's uh that's a that's a real interesting movie and it's got a good historical perspective to it
That movie was thought to provoke and brought up many good points.

Your guess is as good as mine.
I don't know how many votes he got.

Five forks guarantee real comfort, but the food will not necessarily be better than in a two-or three-fork establishment, just more expensive.
Five fork restaurants are rated higher because they are more popular and have celebrity appearances. 

you know used to play it a lot when i was in school but  now that i'm married and stuff i
I stopped playing it the day I got married.  

Age, Health, and the Willingness to Pay for Mortality Risk  A Contingent
Age, Health, and the Willingness to Pay for Mortality Risk A Contingent are very important topics being talked about worldwide.

By the 11th century, the caliphate had splintered into a mosaic of fractious states 26 at one point, and the Balearics became an independent emirate.
The caliph was still a very important position of power.

It's now a school, the Colegio de Santo Domingo.
It was established in 1854.

These laws emphasize involving senior executives in information management decisions, appointing senior-level chief information officers, and using performance measures to assess the contribution of technology in achieving mission results.
There are laws that involve how senior executives make information management decisions in public companies.

i think then that's a step away from even duty i don't think they even have a sense of the responsibility
I don't think they feel responsible for keeping others safe. 

It was a smaller room than the one downstairs, and there was something peculiarly airless about the atmosphere of it.
The room had a stifling atmosphere with a boarded up window.

A delightful series of dioramas then introduce Peter Rabbit, Mrs. Tiggi-Winkle, and Squirrel Nutkin, among others, set in scenes taken from Potter's books.
Potter's Peter Rabbit is a popular childhood character.

He held out a hand to the salamander, petted it to a gentle glow and put it back over Dave's chest.
The salamander was receptive to his friendly gestures. 

Its principal scandal reporter, Ambrose Evans-Pritchard, has published lots of stories on the suicide.
The suicide being covered was caused by a self-inflicted gunshot wound to the head.

I never like to leave Canada, because I'm disappointed every time.
There is no way I will ever travel outside of Canada again since it is disappointing.

If Moynihan has anything to do with it, Al Gore will not get Bill Clinton's.
Moynihan most likely has nothing to do with it.

oh okay i'll let you go
I will only let you go if you agree to take out the garbage.

In that regard, they evaluated a set of about 50 policies to improve the technology performance and characterization of the residential, commercial, industrial, transportation, and electricity generation sectors.
At least 25 of the policies were responsible for the growth of the residential sector.

I'm in a huge, overwhelming sea of debt, said Jennifer Arons, 28, a criminal defense staff attorney at Manhattan Legal Aid. 
Jennifer claims her debt is over the six digit mark at this point.

CDC Centers for Disease Control and Prevention CERT/CC CERTa Coordination Center
The CDC in New York was rounded and grey.

It was at that moment that the full realization of his folly began to come home to Tommy.
He realized the folly and became sad.

that it would just have to be a hobby and i'm i'm very mechanical and mechanical engineering interested me so i did that and then i you know i did that for six years and then i stayed home with my son and did nothing and found out that i was that you know it was great but i was bored part of the time too and i wanted something else
I am bored with mechanical engineering and I should seek some hobbies.

This is very sad news, but you will excuse me if I say that I do not see how it bears on the subject of your inquiry?
The inquiry is about birth records and the sad news is a death in the family, but the speaker is insisting on following protocols. 

It was dead quiet.
There wasn't much noise in the air.

As noted above, the LSC case count for 1999 includes all cases that meet LSC eligibility criteria, regardless of the funding mix of any particular grantee.
The LSC included cases of any tupe of funding.

Nor was a common start or end point identified for design review as an element of the facility acquisition process.
A common start or end point was not identified in the facility's construction.

The others followed.
The others had followed Jon.

The magazine's humor often depended on racist and sexist stereotypes, such as wide-grinned, watermelon-eating blacks.
The magazine depended on this type of humor.

When he looks back a year from now, Rubin said he hopes the foundation has new programs, a higher profile and a rejuvenated board.
Rubin does not want to be working on the program in a year from now.

so what do you think about it
What do you think about flying across the country?

By these criteria Kinsey fares well.
Kinsey's research is useful in the modern era.

Longabaugh noted that new and creative interventions may be developed in the ED that the rest of the field will want to adapt and explore.
Longabaugh is an investigative journalist with more than thirty years experience.

The show is at its best on weekend afternoons, with everything from beach boys on unicycles to rock musicians on roller blades.
The show is still pretty good in the morning, but not its best.

Flanked by some of the city's most stylish fashion boutiques and shoe stores, the quarter's main street retains the commercial tradition of its medieval name, Via de' Caleiuoli (stocking- and shoe-makers).
The main street has shops where you can buy shoes and stockings.

Randall tells the Enquirer the baby, Jefferson, is named after 19 th century comic actor Joseph Jefferson but does not say if Randall actually attended any of the actor's performances.
Randall did in fact attend many of Jefferson's performances.

Sir James Peel Edgerton said you would be able to manage that for me.
Sir James Peel Edgerton was lying when he told me you could manage that for me.

' There were even days when I would wake up and think, 'Please God, let me die.
I had suffered severe depression during those days.

A rickety flight of steps links with the tomb entrance before you make your way down inside to the ornate burial chamber.
The steps which link the burial chamber to the entrance are quite dangerous to walk on. 

So the reverse hypothesis could be just as valid.
The opposite theory could be just as valid or worse.

In the new version, Reich sticks to the transcript and accurately quotes Saxton droning on at length about studies and Godfather's Pizza.
Reich's version is accurate.

But what about the other editors of the Daily Cal who couldn't say they'd been martyred at a campus once renowned for its leftism?
Some editors of the Daily Cal mentioned that the campus was once leftist.

Such a program, coupled with appropriate measures to address local concerns, would provide significant health benefits even as we increase energy supplies and maintain reasonable electricity rates.
Significant health benefits are worth many costs, as they save the economy a lot of money anyway.

Western Spruce Budworm in the Carson National
In the Carson National, Western Spruce Budworm, continued the presenter

News accounts agree that Arafat has finally shed his image as a terrorist and is now being honored by the White House not only as a virtual head of state but as the indispensable player in the peace process.
Arafat has a distaste for terrorism and wants to be peaceful in america

Insofar as the best Japanese corporations are not the global hegemons we once thought they would be, it may be because everyone else has learned from them, which is of course exactly how competitive markets are supposed to work.
Japanese corporations were global leaders in the 20th century.

uh let me ask you something did you get a catalog or something from these people yet
Did those people send you anything?

It conducts numerous CLE accredited trainings each year, and coordinates bi-monthly statewide task force meetings in the areas of family, housing, public benefits, consumer, immigration and seniors law.
Many people attend statewide task force meetings in all offered topics.

For example, one industry case study organization sponsors a 3-month course to retrain about 2,000 legacy employees in project management skills.
One case study organization sponsors a course that lasts 3 months and costs $10,000 for the company to enroll in.

One might think they'd team up, to feature a monthlong show of John Gielgud, sitting in Archie Bunker's chair, explaining the pilgrims to passers-by.
The show was made.

yeah these these people they have the big loudspeakers because they have uh democratic system just like ours where they elect their mayors and their councilmens it's really kind of funny it's it's kind of an invasion of your privacy privacy too they're going down these streets with these really loud speakers
Those people with the loudspeakers are very annoying.

It assumes for cost-of-service areas (where most of power sales are likely to occur) that allowance allocations will not alter pricing of electricity.
Allowance allocations will definitely not alter the pricing of electricity in cost-of-service areas.

We also show how the advocate component of statewide websites promotes effective representation by sharing legal resources and expertise - generally a function of legal work supervisors.
Legal work supervisors are usually tasked with sharing legal advice and resources.

Kagoshima dominates the head of a deep indentation at the southern tip of Kyushu, and its harbor has played a prominent role in Japanese military history.
The southern tip of Kyushu is full of tourist attractions.

The corrida always starts on time even if the clock occasionally has to be stopped.
Resetting the clock is a common occurrence.

Instead, Intel makes real things.
Intel makes actual things instead, accoding to the news.

Because Mademoiselle Cynthia does not take sugar in her coffee.
Cynthia can't have sugar in her coffee due to her diet.

For years, Congress has been working to increase the effectiveness of information and technology management in the federal government.
Congress has a special budget for information and technology management in the federal government.

It is wild and windswept, and its limited vegetation a far cry from the lush green interior.
Farmers have long preferred building their houses in the interior because of this.

Republicans face the prospect of running in 1998 with a discredited, unpopular speaker who is nonetheless impossible to dethrone, and with no record of accomplishment.
The Republican speaker has an approval rating of just 27%.

Before 1980, federal law prohibited interest to be generated on checking accounts maintained by federally insured banks.
Federal Law prohibited  interest to be generated on checking accounts, but now it's common practice.

Three centuries later, not that much has changed ' a score of international banks have their offices here, along with celebrated jewelers, the Ministry of Justice, and the Ritz Hotel.
Seventeen international banks can be found here.

They can even sit next to the driver.
The seat next to the driver gives the best views.

so you don't really feel like you're really working that hard do you when you're in the water
Is swimming just as great an exercise as aerobics?

Several recently refurbished rooms display over 1,700 objects found at the tomb of Tutankhamun by Howard Ceter in 1922.
Many rooms have recently been refurbished, but not this one.

Analysis of this information revealed that no two of these organizations defined the design review process and its various elements in exactly the same manner.
Many organizations have a radically different approach to their design review process.

But don't let that discourage you.
It is hard and many people are discouraged because of it.

What's completely intolerable is to be accurately quoted and seen--even by yourself--to be no better than you actually are.
What's completely intolerable is to be accurately quoted and still come off badly.

Thus, on close scrutiny, the Zapruder film's ultimate revelation is that Abraham Zapruder was himself a conspirator.
In the Zapruder film is revealed that he was a conspirator, this was a shock for the public.

4 million, which will be divvied up nationwide.
4 million will be divided nationwide, according to the German Prime Minister.

Then he has to fudge his faith so that people who don't share it won't take it seriously.
He watches what he says to other people to not offend them.

A number of related measures can be used to measure changes in visibility associated with reduced fine particle concentrations.
The first method is the best one to use. 

Time describes the crash landing in vivid detail (right down to an alien giving first aid to a wounded colleague), then concedes that the downed spacecraft was undoubtedly a military balloon.
Time intentionally misleads the reader into believing the alien story.

When the American diplomat who supervises the international peace monitors in Kosovo accused Serb police of the massacre, the Yugoslav (i.e.
The American diplomat is extremely happy with his job and accomplishments.

Mangrove trees and shrubs grow on coastal marshland in the brackish zone between the sea and fresh water.
Mangrove trees grow on the coast and provide homes for lots of marine life.

U. S. Army Corps of Engineers (USACE), Construction Industry Institute (CII),3 and other FFC efforts, as well as others, to augment the study.
The FFC is augmenting the study by funding the original researchers for three more years.

Edinburgh Zoo has a penguin parade every day during the summer.
All summer visitors to the Edinburgh Zoo see the penguin parades.

His problem, he said, is the current hiring freeze imposed on all city agencies.
He had a problem finding a job because of the hiring freeze.

But a closer analysis of the weather map suggests Mother Nature actually favors the Democrats this year.
Mother Nature has been a democrat for years.

 Elsewhere, great events were changing the shape of the world.
The great events that were occurring were important.

Shenzhen was China's first Special Economic Zone.
Within China was Shenzhen, and it was China's first and only Special Economic Zone.

oh the potato they were they're delicious but they you don't get seem to get that much for the space they they do
Potatoes need a lot of space to grow.

Then after everyone's gone, stay on to see the marvelous 13th-century sculpted Angel's Pillar (Pilier des Anges) in peace.
There is always a large crowd of people waiting to see the Angel's Pillar. 

The amount recorded by both entities is the transferring entity's book value of the asset.
The amount recorded was well over $100,000.

i think if you know the cities locally you know they'd get more programs going so that you could do that it'd make it a lot easier so
If the cities started more programs for children it would be more convenient.

you know kids
You can predict what these kids will want to do next.

part of its infrastructure to help managers run the entity and achieve their aims on an ongoing basis.
The new infrastructure will create more opportunities for the managers.

Who is Stark? asked Jon.
Jon asked who Stark was and what he did for a living.

You enter by the Carriage Gate, where, on the rare occasions they were permitted outside, the women moun?δed their carriages.
Women were not often permitted outside without wearing the proper attire.

Hindu ethics say that the path to salvation has three  righteousness, prosperity honestly achieved, and, not least, pleasure.
The way to achieve prosperity honestly is written in Hindu texts.

uh i'm i'm not real sure that the young girls of today are being forced into the job market as many of them imply i think they're going in by choice
There are always jobs available for young girls today.

yeah well about that same time branches were falling off ev erywhere and we were actually in a state of emergency for two weeks
Branches that have fallen littered the driveways and made it a challenge to commute.

LSC strongly encourages all its grantees to obtain other funding for the client community that Congress has legislated is eligible for LSC funding.
KSC helps its grantees obtain funds 

No, I can't say it did. 
There were no clues. 

Today, a reinforced-concrete replica reproduces only the great five-storied tower, 42 m (138 ft) high, surrounded by moats and ivy-covered ramparts.
The ramparts surrounding the tower are fairly new.

Moreover, CBO's inflated baseline assumes that discretionary spending-which is controlled through annual appropriations-will grow after 2002 at the rate of inflation.
Moreover, CBO's inflated baseline assumes that discretionary spending-which is controlled through annual appropriations-will grow after 2002 at the rate of inflation, perhaps even more, depending on how inflated the baseline becomes thereafter.

This great civilization came to a sudden, catastrophic end around 1450 b.c.
The cause of its end was a plague that completely wiped out the population.

I can only hope we can save them, thought Jon.
Jon wanted to save them from the angry mob.

but i like Bradshaw as a quarterback and i think uh Joe Montana's probably one of the finest and John Elway i believe that fellow if he had some different people in front of him he would be on par with with Joe Montana because i really think that Denver did not do much for Elway and his career except make him look bad on times when he really should not have looked that bad
John Elway and Joe Montana played football together,

oh so what they're doing they're discounting for cash is the way they're because i think it is illegal to add a surcharge so
Adding a surcharge was abused so it is now illegal.

hm yeah i i enjoy volleyball i'm just not very good at it and i end up just
I'm better at volleyball than others. 

That first glimpse of the towering, steepled abbey rising from the sea on its rock is a moment you will not forget.
Most people who have viewed the abbey rising from the ocean comment that it is a life-changing experience. 

yeah that's easy to do it's very easy to do and it's i don't it do you find it easier to i mean do with a budget do you feel like you're you do i mean i know you said you have better control but
If you have a very small budget, it makes it difficult.

He also noted that any such upgrade would be a large and expensive effort, and that it was unclear when, if ever, hypertext links could be added to the Federal Register.
Ugrades are a headache. 

Shops are generally open from 9:30 a.m. to 7:00 p.m.
Shops rarely extend their business hours for eves of holidays.

And quite a different class from them two detectives from London, what goes prying about, and asking questions. 
The London detectives are very unlikable because they are too curious. 

The short man there--he's Garm.
Garm is a short but bulky man.

We saw the murder in their eyes and the blood on their hands.
We saw blood on their demon hands and murder in their evil eyes.

yes it really is and that way we're not really missing anything out you know of those children uh-huh
We're not really missing out on childcare benefits.

We all knowed he was comin'.
We all had heard that he was coming.

two yeah yeah and then of course Indianapolis which is only a hundred miles away from us has the Colts yeah
We ill go to Indianapolis to see the Colts.

Just before tea, I strolled down to tell Poirot of the new disappointment, but found, to my annoyance, that he was once more out. 
Poirot has returned an hour later so that I can tell him the news.

LSC requires its grantees in each state to work with each other and equal justice stakeholders to develop justice communities that best respond to clients' most compelling needs, ensure the most strategic and cost-effective use of all available resources, and maximize the opportunity for clients statewide to receive timely, effective, and appropriate legal services.
Legal services include the best lawyers in town.

This usually does not take up as much room as the SCR reactor itself.
This takes up a lot of space too.

Suddenly Julius came to such an abrupt halt that Tommy cannoned into him.
Tommy wasn't watching where he was walking.

Real jade is extremely expensive, and you may be offered counterfeit jade, which looks exactly like the genuine article.
People will tend to sell you fake jade, which is hard to distinguish from the real article. 

i had stuff for like Sanger Harris and you know it got up like to couple of hundred dollars and i thought well that's okay cause all they wanted was ten dollars a month right  i wasn't thinking a thing about it
Little did I know that the ten was actually a one thousand.

We're told of Estella's inner struggle--of the tug of war between the punishing cock-tease that her aunt has engineered her to be and her inherent decency--but the conflict isn't palpable in Paltrow's paltry performance.
At the end of the movie, Estella embraces her inherent decency and does the right thing.

Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States in Congress assembled,
US Senators and Congressmen assembled and enacted and signed the bill

(Actually, you could have as many judges as you wanted, as long as you ignored all but one of them.)
You can have a lot of judges for your crime.

I saw a path at the side of the road.
There was a path leading away from the road.

An' th' stolen Mex hosses, they's drove up here an' maybe sold to some of th' same fellas what lost th' others.
They sold them to the same guys that lost the others for twice the normal price.

you ever serve that yourself when you have company
Did you ever serve that yourself when you had a company, it's awful.

Attorneys praise Zelon for her thorough understanding of the law.
Zelon was very intelligent 

Probably no one will even notice you at all."
It would be crazy if anyone noticed you.

Sir Ernest Heavywether made short work of her, and under his unmerciful bullying she contradicted herself hopelessly, and Sir Ernest sat down again with a satisfied smile on his face. 
Sir Ernest Heavywether enjoyed bullying women.

oh yeah before they started all this stuff
They were doing something illegal before they started all this stuff.

Additional circumstances associated with public safety and security concerns could also justify the exclusion of certain information in the report.
The information excluded was in regards to individuals who were working for the government in hostile areas.

City Residential, Business All Businessb and Mixed Rural Park &amp; Total All Foot Curb Loop Total
There is city residential and business zoning in Chicago.

oh that's a nightmare
This reminded me of many past tragedies. 

Now we accept our standing and limitations.
One of the limitations was that they couldn't use weapons.

and i'm sitting there thinking to myself uh-huh sure
I was so tired of all of these back and forths.

The Kal pushed Ca'daan aside with one powerful hand.
Ca'daan was pushed aside and knocked to the ground by the Kal's powerful hand.

Of course, we might do something about it, if you really converted.
If you truly converted to Christianity, maybe something could be done about it.

But the real problem with diGenova and Toensing isn't their pundit addiction or their neglect of an investigation that Democrats would just as soon they neglect anyhow.
Both diGenova and Toensing have no personal reason to pay attention to the investigation.

RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT ANNUAL STEWARDSHIP INFORMATION For the Fiscal Year Ended September
 RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT ANNUAL STEWARDSHIP INFORMATION For the Fiscal Year Ended September every year since 1912.

i really don't watch that much TV what i do is i tape the programs i want to watch and then on the nights i can watch i'll pick out something but um
I don't have a lot of time to watch TV.

yeah i mean they're not helping anybody that's the that's the whole point they're not doing anything for anybody except themselves
The people need help.

to Provide Effective OversightofDesignReview   define facility requirements in relation to the agency's mission, assess facilityrelated mission impacts, and conduct facilityrelated strategic
They can define the facility requirements for square footage.

A good sword, high ground, or exceptional skill may push the odds but never by much.
A good sword gives people the slight edge if it is made of steel.

Mais me voila. The door shut.
They typically leave the door open.

They were locking the place down.
The prison was on lockdown.

With just one exception.
The exception was written in stone. 

Guides to the Institut like to point out the east pavilion, site of the old 14th-century Tour de Nesle.
The Tour de Nesle was built as a defensive structure.

you know having the time when you have younger ones to take care of you maybe sometimes do not take as much time for the older ones but uh we were we're very active of course at church and uh Boy Scouting and Girl Scouts Four H
The time is well spent with the kids but less is spent with the older ones.

Today an economy of truth sometimes just means a lie, albeit one whose seriousness may be debatable.
Politicians these days have a hard time noticing the difference between an economy of truth and one of lies.

The other half is where the gamblers come from, how they arrive here, and how they are served once they arrive.
The other half is where the gamblers like to congregate to do their gambling.

To accomplish this, the board must raise or lower interest rates to bring savings and investment at that target unemployment rate in line with each other.
Accomplishing that has been the board's goal for a very long time.

He surmised, therefore, that reduction in recidivism might be a suitable outcome for emergency physicians.
The doctors require a lot of things to work 

I began to find myself in the same circle that I was in before.
I had returned to the same circle of friends that  I had in high school. 

I think it's worked,' she said about a month later before going out to a club, and her father had a vague impression that there were more or less three zits less on his daughter's face.
The father thought his daughter typically had a lot of zits.

Though less sinister than his war club, two hits on Adrin proved that it served the job well.
Adrin was hit twice with a hatchet.

For several years he held court in Valladolid, though eventually he returned to Madrid.
He was very glad to return to the bustling streets of Madrid.

The difference, if any, between the reacquisition price and the net carrying value of the extinguished debt should be recognized as a loss or gain in accounting for interest on Treasury debt.
This is the best way to represent Treasury debt.

Suggestions on how to improve the current process were implemented and, as a result, LSC will be sending feedback letters to applicants that filed grant proposals for 2003 funding to begin a dialogue about the applicant's delivery system based on the grant application.
There were over five hundred suggestions on how to improve the current process.

a) Spun the president's denial for months without bothering to check if it was true.
The president made wrong statements.

i can't think of her name i got it right on the tip of my tongue and can't say it Helen something
I'm forgetful when it comes to names.

Jon could not imagine what they had faced in their own tunnel.
Jon couldn't figure out what was down the tunnel, but he had an idea.

and you know it's it's really annoying when the i asked the defense attorney later why he didn't bring up all this other trouble the guy had been in he said that that was barred uh by the court
The man standing trial had many previous arrests.

And (as Tom wonders in the book's opening line) are we all characters in one of God's dreams?
Tom's last thought, reflected in the opening line of the book, was that we could be part of God's dream.

Over the past 27 years, LSC has helped millions of low-income citizens solve important, sometimes life-threatening, civil legal problems.
Over the past 27 years, LSC was funded by the government.

Also the Treasury requires departments to disclose instances of irregular expenditures arising from erroneous benefit awards and fraud by claimants.
Departments are typically reluctant to disclose mistakes in the awarding of benefits.

but a lot of women are knowledge as knowledge about football as i am
I have a lot of football knowledge.

Finally, the analysis reports, as required by paragraph 603(c), that the Commission has reduced burdens where possible and that the regulatory burdens retained are necessary to ensure the public receives the benefits of the new services in a prompt and efficient manner.
The commission reduced burdens on the employees.

Tim, we never should have got into this quagmire, but now we have no choice but to ...
Tim was an idiot and got them into this mess. 

and i had the book and i hadn't read it in so long so i read it the other day to see if i could so i can watch the movie
I enjoyed reading the book more than watching the movie.

The United States has facilitated the importation of foreign agricultural workers in response to alleged shortages of workers in the United States for many years under various programs.
The shortage of workers in the United States is the result of a bad economy.

'I do hope you will come around to seeing things my way.'
There was a subtle threat in her voice as she said 'I believe you will come around to seeing things my way.'

have to go replace them with uh something a little hardier
Most shrubs are hardier than them.

The men promise money to the brides' families, then often treat the wives as sex slaves, or worse.
The wives and their families have no idea what they are getting into.

you know it's it's pretty nice and friendly out there and you can't find that in all sports
It's pretty nice and friendly out there in the soccer field

i mean cucumbers here grow like crazy
Cucumbers grow really well here due to the rain.

And, as SurfWatch's promotional literature is happy to point out, filters can help protect management from liability for permitting sexually explicit material in the workplace.
In the past, management has been held liable for allowing explicit material in the workplace.

Only one son had survived to tell of the disaster.
He was mentally scarred from the disaster.

APHIS performed an environmental assessment and determined that the actions required or authorized by this rule will not present a significant risk of introducing
They were very cautious with their evaluations.

Everywhere silence, and shuttered windows.
There was a storm coming so the windows were shuttered.  

but anyway well um i can't think of a whole lot more to say
I can't say more about immigration.

what'd they do for that did they have to cast it and
What method did they employ to get that done; was the thing poured into a mold or pressed?

The titles alone--Mars Probe Finds Kittens and Schredinger's Cat (which covers Sacajawea's Rain Bonnet and Wittgenstein's Banana)--display Martin's knack for goofy parody.
Martin's works are enjoyed by many.

About 2,500 victims of the Revolutionary guillotine spent their last hours in the Conciergerie.
The French Revolution was the last time the Conciergerie was used to hold prisoners.

77 "The price, at any rate, would have to be enormous," she said lightly.
She thinks the price, at any rate, is enormous in the summer time.

Carryin' a blood foal, I'm thinkin'.
The blood foal was just born.

In the big finale, as men and women in tiny swimsuits perform a nearly pornographic water ballet in a giant glass-walled tank, a row of topless showgirls roars onto the stage on Harley Davidsons while lasers trace American Icons--the Statue of Liberty, profiles of Washington and Lincoln, the flag-raising on Iwo Jima--onto the wings of the stage, and a 15-piece pit band plays Bruce Springsteen's Born in the U.S.A. Greed, liquor, jingoism, bad taste, and utterly compelling entertainment.
The finale was crass and disgusting with lots of nudity. 

Take the Mid-Levels Escalator to Hollywood road, known for its antiques and curio shopping.
Hollywood road is located in the center of the city.

Just west of the fort is the former royal palace of Ras El-Tin, built for Mohammed Ali in 1834.
Mohammed Ali was rich enough to have a palace built for himself.

The authorities believe that the bounty hunters used their profession as a cover for armed robbery.
Bountry hunters aren't always pure. 

of the road.
Materials of the road 

and uh we have a lot of bad stuff it just really  gets me depressed even to watch it
The news depresses me.

The F/A-18E/F had 56 percent of its drawings completed and also had over 90 percent of its higher level interface drawings completed, adding confidence in the system design.
Drawings can take weeks to complete.

um-hum i usually just i'm trying to think of i guess i would tend myself to be more towards the the like three
My opinions on things vary greatly depending on how I am feeling.

This two-year funding decision was made to allow the Missouri legal services programs the time and the opportunity to develop a viable, effective and comprehensive state plan.
The Missouri legislatures knew that it would take time to put an effective state plan into action.

Now they argue that the single entity suppresses salaries and violates antitrust laws.
They're saying that the entity is in violation of antitrust laws put in place before the Great Depression.

yeah they didn't and i'm not for sure what the deal is on him i think he's been hurt but he hadn't played he hadn't played in probably two months and i've i've gone to about three or four of their games and i don't even think he was on the sidelines so i i think he hurt his knee or something but he he definitely didn't turn out to be anything like he was supposed to so uh
He played the best he could, but I think he needs a bit more time off.

okay well i live in Carrollton
I have a house in Carrollton.

Recognizing that these other justifications overlap and may not all qualify as basic starting points, it is worthwhile to list them.
These justifications are not starting points, because they are too indepth.

Nor have the rich maintained that audible indicator, that quasi-English, quasi-lockjawed accent that the swells all had in Depression-era movies.
The accents in the Depression-era movies are gone because as years go by it has been forgotten.

The portion of this actuarial present value allocated to a valuation year is called the normal cost.
Normal cost is a large part of the actuarial present value.

but he's the star of that uh team their pitching staff and when he sits out they fizzle
They have never once succeeded when he has sat out. 

Suddenly Tuppence sprang up with a cry.
Tuppence sat on something sharp, causing him to spring up.

The greater use of broadbanding is one of the options that deserves to be discussed.
There are no other options that need to be discussed.

Recruitment and Retention of Diverse Leadership/Governance
To apply for the job one has to visit the Recruitment and Retention of Diverse Leadership/Governance site.

You can spot, set in the stone walls, little sculpted heads of angels or demons, floral motifs, or the scallop shell (coquille Saint-Jacques) marking the route of medieval pilgrims to Santiago de Compostela in Spain.
The route of medieval pilgrims to Santiago de Compostela connects Spain to Germany.

A tall man in an even taller hat.
That man's height is about 6′ 6″ and he wears a black tall hat.

Deputy Attorney General Eric Holder, who suggested that the Justice Department, rather than a biased independent counsel, should investigate Baitgate.
Eric Holder predictably suggested that the Justice Department should investigate rather than any other agency. 

well what what what brand i mean what model would you look
What kind did you get?

Thank you for your time and attention to this important matter.
Your time in the matter was needed

13 Such problems might well arise if the Service were to negotiate discounted rates-unaccompanied by a change in service conditions that provided cost or revenue justification.
There might be problems if the service can negotiate rates without a change in the service conditions.

The estrangement of too many parents from John McCain's life.
Estrangement from his parents hurt John McCain's life hurt him.

What the fad for foreign IPOs ignores is the massive uncertainty still attached to foreign markets, even as it has led U.S. investors to overlook everything they take for granted at  regular reports, corporate accountability, open books, the Securities and Exchange Commission.
In fact, more then 30% of international startups fail in the first quarter.

yeah but don't you think in a way that's kind of a cop out i mean it still is your responsibility and and and and nowadays they do have more information that you can become aware of and there are things like the League of Women Voters or some of the other groups
That is avoiding the responsibility you have to your constiutents.

and my wife is from Plains if you know where Plains is
My wife went to school in Plains.

uh for fully automatic weapons and uh all right now for instance in California where they passed the uh
Automatic weapons are banned in many states.

um drug testing doesn't bother me
I don't care about drug testing, because I don't use them.

I want you to spark their minds.
I want you to do an experiment that is exciting for them.

This was-and remains-an enormous challenge.
Conducting a flawless office fire drill is an enormous challenge.

One factor is the integrity and ethical values maintained and demonstrated by management and staff.
Demonstrating these values is valuable to the image and reputation of the business.

There's something about [Corgan's] whole grandiosity that is very four years ago.
Corgan makes everyone remember 2013.

Somebody from the future--this could never be the past--had somehow pulled him out just ahead of the accident, apparently; or else he'd been deep frozen somehow to wait for medical knowledge beyond that of his own time.
Someone wanted to ensure he lived.

This is a club for Russian golf.
The club is popular among Russians. 

This may be RAPS4, which is designed for the ED, but it needs further direct testing.
Though now designed for the ED, the RAPS4 originally had a different purpose.

His body was rigid as it lifted a foot, ten feet, then a hundred above the ground.
The magical powers had enabled him to fly.

Wasn't the old cat in a rage when she found out? 
The old cat has been nagging me for months.

Second, Congress provided EPA with a tool to achieve this reduction - - an innovative market-based allowance trading program.
Congress gave EPA a ways to reduce carbon emissions.

One curiosity is a charred electric light fixture and bulb that somehow continued to work for 62 years until it suddenly stopped one day in 1964.
The light fixture stopped working because someone got water on it.  

Although Asian Americans live throughout Los Angeles County, there are several special cultural and shopping enclaves that deserve visitors' special attention.
The population of Asian Americans in Los Angeles County has been steadily increasing recently.

i like to listen to some of that music
I only enjoy it in certain conditions

The collections, regularly rotated from the 45,000 works in reserve, range from the Fauves and Cubism to Abstract Expressionism, Dadaism, Surrealism, and all the breakaway factions and reactions which followed them.
The collections are rotated from 45,000 works, but the disciplines are limited.

and uh yeah you know i mean it's not uh i don't think Dallas is considered uh a a real bad place for for air pollution but you you can tell you can tell the differences in the days when it's when the haze is kind of yellowish gray instead of just being a a foggy misty color
Pollution levels have decreased in the last decade.

HUD reports that the interim rule will have only an indirect impact on family formation, maintenance, and general well-being and that such impact will be beneficial because it will assist mortgagors in maintaining ownership of their properties.
HUD says the interim rule will only have an indirect effect on families when the income guidelines are strengthened.

In 1994, GAO projected the cost at $2.
GAO projects the cost for each year.

that's that's what a Bombay looks like
Is it because they are the same?

I have been in Kentucky, Kirby.
Kentucky has the best fried chicken.

First, the Parc de la Villette offers a range of activities, and second, it puts the accent firmly on participation.
The park offers many activities, but participation is not important.

if you if you read the book it's uh even better the book was excellent
The book was better than the movie.

So, do we vote for virtuosity in imitation or virtuosity in itself?
We should vote for one or the other as it is really important.  

oh well well you you'll get it over with here
It will be done correctly here.  

In the First Jewish War (a.d.66 70), many thousands of Jews were massacred here, and thousands more died later in the Roman amphitheatre here in the name of entertainment.
The amphitheater was buried under many feet of desert sand before being uncovered last year by archaeologists. 

it's um it's it's amazingly less expensive than it is
It's less expensive to go to a large daycare vs a nanny.

He says this will make our system the best.
He says the system will be the best because the program is flawless.

And since the pleasure derived from smoking marijuana is a core issue, consider a third  Rats don't like pot.
Since the pleasure of smoking marijuana is a key issue, consider how a third Rats doesn't like pot because it makes them paranoid.

um um i like Texas um not having the state income tax and i hope that because um you know that we've had enough industry here that i guess it is that why we don't  the industry here is able to to um fund the state because we have oil here and things i mean that's what i've always heard is that um
Texas' lack of a state income tax is something other states can easily emulate.

you know to do it and that really gets kind of aggravating after a while because you're saying well i work full time too you know
You work full time as well which means you are very busy.

it's really refreshing so
It helps you get recharged after a long week.

yeah there's a few of those here too
They're all over the place, you can't throw a ball without hitting one. 

In California, the client's rights to representation would be lost in certain administrative proceedings.
There are a lot of people in California who have lost access to their rights to representation. 

Finally, we discuss two measures of the cost of universal service, the entry pricing measure and the net avoided cost measure in the context of delivery profits.
The entry pricing measure is the most popular method for measuring costs.

 International donations are gratefully accepted, but we cannot make any statements concerning tax treatment of donations received from outside the United States.
You have to pay more in taxes if you are outside the US.

A few long fairway shots away from Josephine's birthplace at La Pagerie is Martinique's 18-hole public golf course.
Josephine was born to hold a golf club and sink putts.

There are three other resorts along the strip, used almost exclusively by Israeli citizens.
The resorts of the strip do occasionally get visited by the British tourists.

right knowledge at the right time.
knowing the things that are learned at a specific time.

Most EDs provide very limited alcohol services.
ED's provide services for alcohol and many other things also.

In such cases, the reason for not including the agency comments will be stated in the report.
The agency comments will provide adequate reflection and will be noted in future reports as well.

'And no, I'm not going to kill you. Possibly.'
I won't kill you today, but maybe tomorrow.

especially around bonus time
It is hard, especially around bonus time.

NONFEDERAL PHYSICAL PROPERTY -Physical properties financed by grants from the Federal Government, but owned by state and local governments.
The Federal Government will sometimes purchase firefighting equipment for local governments.

The mandrake overseer had started ponderously toward him.
The tall mandrake was bigger than he thought.

I still had to pay the ticket . . . I just figure if you are rich you can afford a lawyer, if you are poor you take what you get, said Grant, a resident of the Mayetta section of Stafford Township.
I still had to pay the ticket, which was a whopping $500.

Also, if State and Federal excise taxes remain at the current levels, tax revenues will decrease over time because of decreased sales.
State and Federal excise taxes have been at this level for less than a year.

good idea
The idea was the best I've heard.

In earlier reports and testimonies, we observed that top leadership must play a critical role in creating and sustaining high-performing organizations.
Previous research determined that individuals who excel as leaders share similar personality traits.

In January of each year, LSC distributes a Case Review Form.
The Case Review Form comes out in January only after the previous year has been summed.

For his experiments, he used exclusively this yogurt, it didn't provoke any unexpected gastric sensations like the natural ones, without those stabilizing E-numbers (E298, E301, E980).
He was worried that any other yogurt would ruin his experiments.

The region divides into an eastern half, Haute-Normandie, along the Seine Valley, similar in scenery to the Ile-de-France; and the more rugged Basse-Normandie to the west, more akin to neighboring Brittany.
The region has 50 square miles of mountains and 20 square miles of forest.

The National Trust runs the boat, which resembles the Venetian rowboats, and the plush interior takes one back to the genteel times when tourism was just in its infancy, when this steamer ride would have been just one part of a European Grand Tour. 
The design of the current boats is inferior to those of the older Venetian design.

The creation of Lake Nasser as a consequence of the building of the Aswan High Dam caused many social and political concerns, not least because the waters were due to overwhelm a number of important ancient monuments.
There was much opposition to the Aswan High Dam.

Listen, Mister Kirby, iffen you rode with th' Rebs, you better keep your lip buttoned up when th' Blue Bellies hit town.
You rode with the Rebs and it makes me so mad!

yeah i think that'll be fun so we're going to try to do that like on a three day weekend go there and
It would be fun to go on a three day long camping trip when we have the time. 

He fought his fastest but nothing got through.
Even though he was fighting the water fast, it didn't get through the wall. 

The Commission states that it believes that the rule and amendments as adopted impose a smaller burden upon small brokers and dealers than any of the alternatives.
The rule is much tougher on the larger businesses and established traders.

They immediately began work on the formidable fortifications for which the city is still famous.
The city's formidable fortifications had been designed by a young general.

An enormous new reception area was excavated (revealing parts of the original fort), topped by the superb glass Pyramid designed by I. M. Pei in the Cour Napoleon, which now marks the museum's main entrance.
The area was excavated without a real plan.

In answer to the Coroner's questions, he explained that he was a qualified pharmacist, but had only recently come to this particular shop, as the assistant formerly there had just been called up for the army. 
The pharmacist's assistance liked the new job and expected buy a home in the community.

there are a lot of people that aren't guilty that's in jail
A lot of people in jail have been set up for crimes they did not commit. 

Its interior chamber was found to contain a red granite sarcophagus.
Granite sarcophagi can only be found in interior chambers.

The room was as she had left it.
The room was the same as when she left, which surprised her.

right and you know there's not going to be those adding mistakes that we all make
you know that computers will make adding mistakes a thing of the past

Pete Stark is leading a crusade to stop the practice.
The practice is evil, and Pete Stark is the hero.

Indeed many of the carpets seem just too lovely to walk on, but they make superb wall hangings, and even if you can't remortgage your house to buy a big one, even a modest bedside rug can do wonders to warm and brighten a room.
All of the carpets would serve as wonderful wall hangings. 

but it but it's always seemed to me that that those people who should be paid the most i think or paid significantly you know significantly more are are teacher types because they sort of hold for of the future in our hands than almost anyone else yet yet i don't think that uh it it it's being done i also i mean in general i think that our educational system is okay but i think we're lacking in some very specific areas
Teachers have the most important jobs ever.

These initiatives include working with providers to ensure that medical records support billed services.
The initiatives will make medical care run more smoothly. 

Agencies can use IT to inform the public about participation opportunities either through passive systems that require users to take the initiative to discover rules available for comment or proactive systems that alert interested individuals or organizations about impending regulatory actions.
Alerting individuals by using IT strategies is the future of agency relations.

Respond in kind and you'll soon feel at home.
You won't find a friendlier group of people.

She earned a bachelor's degree in English literature from Davidson College before heading to Georgetown for her law degree, where she finished in 1993.
She graduated in English literature at Davidson College and missed it when she left.

having hurt my wrist.
Having severely slashed my wrist.

It's his job."  
It's his job to worry about you.

In other respects, too, they evince a prickly xenophobic nationalism.
They don't like foreign tourists, believing they dilute the national culture.

oh oh wasn't that nice of him
It was nice for him to buy that at the store for me.

well she comes from a a country where the model
She was from Eastern Europe.

In recent months, Chinese corporations have taken stakes in Hong Kong Telecom, Dragon Air, and China Light &amp; Power.
Many resources like light and power are nationalized in China.

A lot of extra cars were parked around the town- cameras and notebooks were in evidence.
There were many more cars than normal in the town.

but uh the miniskirt many times will evoke comments you don't really want
I tried wearing a miniskirt to work, but learned that it's not a good idea.

uh-huh a perceived decline anyway yeah
The outlook shows a decline, and a heavy one too

Much of the opposition had nothing to do with planned obsolescence and everything to do with concern that the Monsanto's infertility gene might leap from its seeds to fertile seeds in adjoining farms and eventually render those fertile strains infertile.
Monsanto did not intend to spread infertility to other crops.

Above all, they excelled in the visual arts.
They helped birth modern plays.

At the request of Congress, we studied a number of leading public sector organizations that were successfully pursuing management reform initiatives and becoming more results-oriented.
We suggest that all public organizations should follow this reform initiative.

Don't you realize that these are mostly private institutions!
Most of these private institutions are very small.

Christmas time is especially popular here when pilgrims come to admire relics of the holy crib from Beth?­lehem.
Approximately one thousand pilgrims visit this place every year. 

Then he took it out, shut 182 the drawer, walked slowly over to an arm-chair, and sat down still staring at the photograph in his hand.
The photograph had a lot of memories of his mother attached to it.

From global gold standard to GONE in less than two years!
The gold standard was dismantled because it prevented rapid growth of the money supply.

And it is impossible to see how this difference from Rust has any bearing upon the First Amendment question, which, to repeat, is whether the funding scheme is 'manipulated' to have a 'coercive effect' on those who do not hold the subsidized position.
The question that was asked it really rather very subjective.

In Palermo, churches and mosques stood side-by-side, feudal castles next to Oriental palaces and their exotic gardens.
In Palemo, Feudal castles were in the vicinity of mosques and churches, as were oriental palaces.

A December 1996 article in al-Hayat , an Arab newspaper published in London, asserted that Albright, as a Jew, would be a dangerously pro-Israel secretary of state.
The article was published under pressure from the London government.

Different metrics may be useful for an audit, depending on the objectives and status of an acquisition.
The objectives and statuses of an acquisition include making sure their product is made out of plastic. 

The one area where Stevenson has it correct is that it is increasingly hard to educate young people about the real dangers of drug use.
Stevenson is typically wrong, but he is right when discussing drug use and educating youth.

Critics chalk up Calder's previous low standing to the abundance of sculptures he made in the '60s for corporate plazas, which are labeled mostly boring (Robert Hughes, Time ). (Click here for the National Gallery site.)
They were not impressed with the majority of the artist's pieces.

1 The information obtained from these reports becomes part of the publically available data base known as the Toxic Release Inventory or TRI.
The information will be very useful in the near future.

He retaliated by filing one against her.
Her retaliation was even worse.

The majestic double staircase inside inspired Charles Garnier for his design of the Paris Opera House.
There are 50 steps on each staircase.

I dare not, monsieur; I am afraid of them. She turned away.
After saying she was afraid of them, the girl left.

Effective management of an organization's workforce-its human capital-is essential to achieving results and an important part of internal control.
The management is in place to keep the workers happy.

I ”I believe so.
He was indeed a gay man.

uh Copperheads mostly
Copperhead snake mostly

At some point, however, it is possible that private industry would rise to the occasion and collect virtually all of the mail, process it, and give it to the postal service for delivery.
The private industry could improve the performance of the postal service.

Common sense took over, and Drew's hand dropped from the gun butt.
Drew was seconds away from shooting the man.

Well said, Dave Hanson.
Well said, Dave Hanson, I'm sure people will agree.

He was good, better than Jon let on, said the Kal.
The Kal knew that the man was a better sword fighter than Jon told people about. 

yeah you know uh is he going to yell at me for buying this with this you know and he's not a yeller though but
He doesn't like when I buy this.

you you have exceeded your ten minutes time limit hang up within the next thirty seconds so
The ten minutes time limit is easy to miss.

David Hall, director of Texas Rural Legal Aid in Weslaco, said legal services for the poor in the Rio Grande Valley are inadequate and need a dramatic increase in funding.
David Hall is sponsoring a legislative bill that addresses the funding shortfall.

In addition, another benefit includes permitting real estate advisers to pension plans to continue to register with the SEC, which will allow the advisers to comply with the requirements of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 (ERISA).
The Employee Retirement Income Security Act met with a lot of opposition in Congress.

Competition is generally believed to lead to efficiency, be it economic or technical.
Recent events have led people to question whether or not this conventional wisdom is true.

Would you believe, Mister Kirby, these were brought to me by Amos Lutterfield? 
Amos brought me two dozen fresh eggs from his prized hens.

GAO will follow up by discussing the status of recommendations with cognizant agency officials; obtaining copies of agency documents supporting the recommendations' implementation; and performing sufficient work to verify that the recommended actions are being taken and, to the extent possible, that the desired results are being achieved.
GAO is pulling out all the stops in ensuring that the recommended actions are followed through.

More and more caravans and riders crossed Ca'daan's path as he grew closer to Fena Kef.
Ca'daan was riding alone to Fena Kef.

Really?  
Is that the case?

The Giants say that other team owners are rooting against their scheme, because it calls into question the profligate public subsidies.
The public subsidies include money used to buy helicopter rides and hookers. 

Downey serves on the advisory board of SpeakOut.com, a Washington-based startup that aims to empower users to interact with decision-makers through a community Web service.
Speakout.com is very popular with average citizens.

Jerusalem flourished during the early years of the Mandate.
Jerusalem's economy and culture flourished under the mandate.

We get a lot of that, she said, noting that so far only Lavar Bud Stark is pitching in.
Not many people want to pitch in.

that that was the reason i had to replace mine
I had to replace mine because they wore out.

you know it's i mean i it it should probably be a big issue you know because it's it's doing a lot of damage but i it's something you know i don't think many people really think about it because it's nothing they i don't think we really have too much control over it
We don't think about the air pollution because we don't have control.

The final four of the day were tied at 4 under par going down the back nine, and it was obvious, watching them labor away, unsmiling, that this was just an endurance test to see who could avoid crashing and disintegrating on national television.
They remained tied until the last hole.

The environment is also affected by the manner in which the agency delegates authority and responsibility throughout the organization.
Many actions that the agency take can affect the environment.

Small shrines lead from the hall, honoring local gods, and a temple to Imhotep, the great architect of the pyramids who was deified in the centuries after his death.
Imhotep was deified after his death because constructing the pyramids was such an incredible feat. 

The final rule amends Regulation Y to improve the competitiveness of bank holding companies by eliminating unnecessary regulatory burden and operating restrictions and streamlining the application and notice process.
Regulation Y is the last regulation drafted by the former president.

mail used by non-households to send and pay bills to other non-households).
Mail used by non-households to pay bills to other non-households is a very effective method.

i like him because he's reckless
There's a chance he'll do something terrible, but I like him despite that.

We have exposed the counterrevolutionary machinations of Richard Ford and Amy Tan.
We managed to stumble upon undiscovered information, and that helped us expose them.

This was going to work.
We thought it out ahead of time

A grey limousine on which they had set high hopes was traced to Harrogate, and turned out to be the property of a highly respectable maiden lady! 
A highly respectable maiden lady is only ever seen in town in her grey limousine.

and of course the shower pan is a pretty fragile piece of uh of metal or plastic whichever it is anyway so
The shower pan is made poorly.

However, this climb never happened.
The climb may have happened, but we shall not speak about it and pretend it did not.

Well, he showed them.
He beat them up.

There is a subtle sexism in  The female domestic tycoon is obliged to behave better than the guys.
The Female Domestic Tycoon is sexist because it says that men are better than women

yeah my wife's brother had a he lives in California and he had a Honda Accord i think and he had like a hundred fifty thousa nd miles on it and he sold it and uh never had a problem with it whereas i got a Chevette and it's the car's almost almost twelve years old and i got seventy one thousand miles on it is all and i've had problems with it just all the time
I bought the Chevette from a friend.

That bears out my little idea entirely.
This helps us move along in our investigation.

The staff can introduce you to 19 of the over 150 breeds of sheep.
The staff know a few of the breeds.

This skewness results from mail volume being highly correlated with income and U.S. income distribution being much more skewed than Italian income distribution.
Italy has a more fair system.

The receiving entity does not sacrifice anything of value, and the transferring entity does not acquire anything of value.
These transfers still require large amounts of time consuming paperwork to complete.

okay i think LA Law
I think it's LA Law because a friend of mine told me so.

They are classified as (a) offsetting receipts (i.e.
It's a good thing that they fall under this category.

sent the signal, consciously or not, that she wasn't entirely free of shame herself.
She sent a seemingly unconscious signal regarding her level of shame.

right in yeah right in uh almost right in downtown
Right, the bar is almost in downtown.

There were no windows, which seemed queer.
There were two doors. 

i think it would be wrong for us to kill him for the Americans to kill him
Americans lack a sense of what's right and wrong; they're generally pretty dumb.

The author urges both sides to admit defeat and move on.
The author did not want to side with either side, as they did not want to cause conflict, so they told both sides to just move on and move past the problem.

you know put seventy or ninety pounds on their back and go hiking uh  but uh it can be a lot of fun
Heavy backpacks make hiking really unpleasant.

but then again though Jesus the grace pushes you beyond the law you know what i'm saying like so he didn't just say don't kill your don't kill your enemies but don't only don't kill them bless them you know and so therefore when we have an enemy come against us i really feel like but i really feel like i know i do feel this strongly that when if we had someone come and attack us the best way to handle it would be to bless them and humbly go to their other king or the other ruler and say what have we done to offend you what can we do to rectify this situation and that God would move in that sovereignly and he would get the glory though no king no Bush wouldn't
I think we should use this ideal when dealing with hostile countries. 

schedule a under uh well it's the same place it's the same place you put uh interest but but see that's what that's what makes Texas squirrelly laws that uh you can't you can't take out a a second mortgage uh like some states where you can take out the mortgage and declare that and so uh it's fully deductible the laws are a little squirrelly but it basically comes down to it's not in your best interest to borrow money from a tax standpoint
Texas has the least favorable tax laws for residents with regard to mortages.

Can anything be done?
Only 20% of the ideas in the world are possible if tried for the first time.

Vast expanses of land are cultivated; orchards and lush cattle pastures produce the famous strong cider and pungent cheeses.
In addition to cider and cheese, wine is also produced here.

Experience the formation of the continental plates and the development of different climatic regions, then explore the complex and dynamic interactions that make our planet work.
Experiencing the formation of different climatic regions is a rewarding activity.

and Analysis in Case Extensive or thick analysisStudiesa
A Case extensive analysis is more heavily needed than other types of studies.

EPA has determined that the impacts would be minimal or nonexistent because, among other reasons, the phase-in of the remanufacturing requirements combined with the compliance flexibility given to small businesses during the initial years of the program will allow them to make the transition into the new marketplace for certified remanufactures without hardship.
EPA was foolish when it thought that there would be little impact.

Well, I guess I'd better buy a car, a slap-up one, dress as a chauffeur and hang about outside.
I think I might buy a cheap car and start up my own driving service businesses, maybe I'll make some good money.

exactly so they got rid of that tax in a hurry
They got rid of the soda tax the next day.

it's hard to imagine well what do you think about what's going on on LA Law this year it's
The show has been on for 6 years.

oh well anyway so what's your next purchase supposed to be
You will buy a car next.  

Won't you come out to play?
They're asking their friend to come out.

i think that adds to the diversity i think that uh i like that uh there i know you know John Wylie Price i don't know if you kept up but he's been protesting that
John Wylie Price is against diversity.

Go scout the town tonight.
Go scout the town for bad guys tonight.

The picture reportedly ended with a shot of black smoke coming out of the stack--but we'll never know because The Day the Clown Cried was judged too obscene to be released, and Lewis went back to parading doomed kids across the TV screen in telethons, while Americans goggled at his stamina, and senators nominated him for the Nobel Peace Prize.
The picture ended with a shot of black smoke coming out of the stack.

And the increase in calls prompted Jackson Police Chief Rick Staples in March to form a focus group to determine if police officers need to make changes in their response to domestic calls.
The focus group helped the police Chief make some much-needed changes.

The fragmentation of the regulatory system for the public accounting profession was not completely dealt with by the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.
The fragmentation was the result of an earlier act.

Another theory holds that Asian women in particular have better designed hips than Caucasians, making them like inflatable punching toys that can't be knocked down, thus less likely to suffer hip fractures.
A theory says that the diet of Asian women has caused them to have less hip fractures.

It is a city to which people migrate from all over Spain in search of new opportunities; a place where few people can claim any deep roots.
The city brings great advantages to those who migrate from other provinces.

As the organizations became more results-oriented, they often
They wanted to be the very best.

The attempt was futile.
The attempt at fixing the road was pathetic. 

yeah that's true i hate to i hate to look up and find someone who was admitted to medical school simply because she happened to be a female
I would rather like that people get into medical school based on merit and nothing else.

A companion rule entitled Promoting Wholesale Competition Through Open Access Non-Discriminatory Transmission Services by Public Utilities
The companion rule helped to keep prices reasonable.

well it was up there actually that she got her fear of spiders because we sat and watched a tarantula for a long time we we you know we'd never seen one
There was a huge tarantula in the campground and we watched it for a long time.

Yes, there was a correct order.
The books were put in a certain order.

yeah um-hum yeah it Jimi Hendrix was the original Jimi Hendrix was the original he wrote
Jimmy Hendrix who wrote the original and They used the basic elements of his song.

I haven't had one darned word from him, though I wired him yesterday morning."
I haven't heard a single thing from him because his signal keeps jamming.

These omissions are significant because GSA's governmentwide oversight and service-provider role, its extensive interaction with the private sector, and the billions of taxpayer dollars involved in carrying out its activities, make it especially important that GSA's operations be adequately protected.
GSA's operations are quite touchy and they are involved in many branches of the government, which make it delicate to handle.

Of particular interest on the first floor of the Francois I wing is the wood-paneled cabinet (study) of Catherine de M??dicis, conniving queen mother and regent to three kings of France.
A lot of tourists visit the study room of Catherine de Medicis.

it went into double overtime
They couldn't settle the game in the alloted time. 

However, one side of the inlet has been engulfed by an outburst of sleekly modern hotels.
The modern hotels all have swimming pools and large restaurants.

The next inlet is Repulse Bay, a roomy, sandy crescent, with green hills.
Repulse Bay, despite its name, sees large amounts of tourists each year.

It's that they don't study with the ferociousness and all-out commitment of people who realize (or who have parents who realize) that outstanding school performance is their one shot at big-time opportunity in America.
Success in America depends upon doing well in school.

so i just at an opportune time i got one that that suited my needs and i've just stuck with it the only thing i've done to it is just add a uh add a mouse and a hard drive
It did not cost me much to buy a mouse and hard drive.

For a minute Tuppence thought she was going to spring upon her, which would have placed the girl in an unpleasant dilemma, since she meant to draw the line at actually letting off the revolver.
If the girl kicks Tuppence, she will get shot. 

My guess is they ain't sure.
My guess is they ain't sure who there dad is.

yeah yeah that's the good thing about them they do no advertising that's it's really nice just music
It's nice, just music and no advertising but the dj's talk too much.

i wouldn't now because i don't know of one that's that's equipped to handle
It will take about two weeks to create one.

Seixal ( say-shall ) is the only other settlement before Sao Vicente.
There is one settlement before Sao Vicinte and it has 5000 people.

cover some of that yeah
If needed that item can be visited in more detail in the directions.

The half-light from the reflected sunlight dimmed, and the ground shook violently.
There was an earthquake happening.

Still, I should have characterized your question more carefully.
I just thought it was a really stupid thing to say.

Similarly, he said, LSNY will exercise control over the local corporations by being designated as the sole member in each corporation, empowered to choose or discharge board members.
LSNY will start exercising control as soon as the summer starts. 

Instituting an effective CIO organization does not start with selection or placement of an information technology and management leader, nor does it begin with establishing a structure for managing information resources and activities.
Instituting an effective CIO organization does begin with the planning of an employee benefits plan.

In another situation, we noted that a program lacked an effective method to monitor the professional growth of new and inexperienced staff.
There have been 9 situations that we have noted.

The pistol never left her forehead.
The pistol was aimed at her forehead from a distance. 

You're on your own." Tuppence nodded sagely.
Tuppence told them she could not help them.

Most existing screens were developed for primary care settings to detect alcohol use disorders.
Thousands of people can be diagnosed thanks to this machine.

And, on behalf of the Yard, I'm much obliged to you, though I'm bound to confess I can't at present see the faintest possible loop-hole in the evidence, but you always were a marvel! 
I am in your debt and still hope to call on you in the future.

But if that draft treaty turns up we're done.
We put the draft treaty in a safe before it disappeared.

This will still leave you plenty of room for getting off the beaten track and staying overnight in new and unexpected places.
If you visit new and unexpected places, do take precautions.

On the lookout for any contagiously progressive movement, the Austrians helped Bourbon King Ferdinand of Naples crush an 1821 revolt for constitutional monarchy and foiled a similar uprising in Piedmont.
Bourbon King Ferdinand of Naples gave the Austrians several tracts of land for their help.

In addition, there are a number of issues that Congress should consider that S. 556 does not address.
S 556 did not address all issues for poor people.

Workplace  The executive assures a high quality of work life for all employees of the regional office 
The executive is a smart and learned man.

To spear-fish you need a license, and must be 200 m (650 ft) or more from the beach.
You need a license to spear-fish, which costs $200 per day.

A rival Hapsburg claimant was supported by Austria and Britain, who saw a powerful Spanish-French alliance as a major threat.
Holland was neutral of the matter of Hapsburg claimants.

As discussed in the previous section on risk analysis, the central security groups served primarily as advisers or consultants to the business units, and, thus, they generally did not have the ability to independently dictate information security practices.
There are many industry experts who have talked about eliminating central security groups in the future.

In a broad sense, a cost object can be an organizational division, a function, task, product, service, or a customer.
Customers can include both paying customers and non paying customers.

Brief interventions may play an important role in motivating such patients to accept a treatment referral or can be used to establish motivation while waiting for access to publicly funded treatment.
Brief interventions might play a role in getting patients to accept a treatment referral, especially if they are unfamiliar with that doctor.

Such layering would allow a user to drill down to the level of detail needed.
Layering is the only method in which users can find certain details.

A 10-minute walk up the wooded hill to the castle tower gives a delightful view of the town and the surrounding valley of the Weiss river.
The castle tower was built over six hundred years ago.

It seems this word has been banned, along with all references to specific dates (day, month, or year) beyond two weeks hence.
The word "suffer' has been banned.

so what's your favorite team or do you have a favorite team or
Your favorite team is in the National Football League.

If I fill in my name and cash it, I pay tax.
I'll have to pay taxes when I cash the check. 

Throughout, he displays a deft and lively grasp of Southern history and letters, popular culture and cuisine.
He had done a lot of research into Southern history and culture.

At the top of the escalator, the phat lady made a sharp left into a silky hedge of Liz Claiborne blouses to confer with a salesclerk.
The phat lady is asking a salesclerk about the latest trends.

Vrenna? asked San'doro.
San'doro accused Vrenna of something.

and uh i one day i was i like found myself uh telling them to write their spelling words a hundred times each and i just heard this comedian say that  you know something that that's how you know you're a bad teacher
Telling my kids to spell their spelling words 100 times each was the most uncreative strategy I've had.

i did the papering you know when we built but that's not my uh that's not my cup of tea
I did the papering and I hurt my finger.

Most shops will box these for storage in the airplane hold and deliver them either to your hotel or the airport on the day you leave.
Most shops will deliver purchases to your hotel if you don't want to carry them around.

Hence, this was a very complex project that was completed approximately within the time frame estimated and shown in Exhibit A-7 in Appendix A.
The time frame was accurately predicted.

The information had to include specific identification of the good or service.
The server's name or product bar code number was required.

If only Susan could read the visions of such a rock, what might they learn of them?
If Susan had the ability to read the visions of the rock, what benefits would this provide?

I never felt anything like her at the time.
I knew this is the woman I would marry.

This popular shrine features a strongly Chinese-influenced design and an extensive landscaped garden considered one of Kyoto's finest, with numerous cherry trees and a large pond with an elegant pagoda linked to the shore by a covered bridge.
This popular shrine was built by the emperor's finest.

and and just all the way back to Dallas i'm just uproariously sick and uh we get back here and of course the first day back at work i go to work and where are these guys
These men all have big smiles on their faces.

This site provides information about PSC's upcoming events.
The site was made just for upcoming events.

i can't uh i can't stay with it too long either but that  that i i read about fifty pages and then i just said i can't take it
I couldn't take it because it wasn't interesting.

Which is not exactly a No.
It isn't exactly a no, but it's definitely not a yes.

so part of the thing is when the father and son or father and daughter are hosting this meeting that the week they have to plan it together what they're going to do when they're the host
the parent and child have to decide where the meeting will be held and what kind of food will be served

The original settlement of Jerusalem, founded before 3000 b.c. , was on the western side of the valley, and tombs and monuments have been built here ever since.
Jerusalem had richer farm land on the western side than on the east of the valley.

However, important research activities need to be carried out in all three elements of the model.
The model needs to be scientifically backed before use.

For the next 19 years, Jerusalem was two cities.
Jerusalem was divided in two cities for almost two decades.

It's a pleasant one-hour drive from Paris and there are regular train departures from the Gare de Montparnasse.
The drive is a lot faster than the train.

The first entrance into the palace leads into the Sundari Chowk, which encloses a glorious royal tub, entered by steps and encrusted with intricate sculptures.
Sundari Chowk features several gold inlays.

yeah mostly i think in a place where it's really cold they do it in the fall let them winter
They do it in the cold due to guidelines.

oh yeah put them in salad yeah you're you're making me hungry here
I enjoy eating salad.

Avenue Foch, leading away from l'Etoile to the Bois de Boulogne, is one of the most majestic of the city's residential avenues.
Avenue Foch is the most traveled area in the city.

Thick smoke filled the air.
The air was black with smoke.

When the government in 1989 started asking parents to provide the Social Security number of their putative day-care provider, claims for credits dropped markedly.)
Not all of the parents were able to provide Social Security numbers to the government.

but i don't think we're going to have much of a choice in either either Central or South America
Owing to our past compromises, the choices will be limited in those regions.

but yet you would still respond to everything in a very you know negative way you know it's like do this why you know
You would be sour about it. 

Turn right at the end down Via Cappello for the 13th-century palazzo that the local tourist authorities will have you believe was Juliet's House (Casa di Giulietta Cappelletti), complete with balcony.
Juliet did not really live in the palazzo.

However, Sevilla la Nueva was not completely abandoned, continuing as a working plantation and rum distillery that were later developed and expanded under British rule.
Sevilla la Nueva has about 500 workers left in it.

Recently, the CIO took over 400 employees and guests to a five-star hotel for an evening out to celebrate the groupas accomplishments.
The employees were very excited for the evening out.

Prudie would suggest, however, since you are on your way up the corporate ladder in a buttoned-up industry that your ladyfriend not dress them up so that undue attention is directed their way.
Don't dress oddly in a corporate setting. 

 The two orderlies jumped for her, one grabbing her and the other closing his hands over her mouth.
She tried to run away from the orderlies, but they caught her.

their when their people are hungry and all they're asking us for handouts so why shouldn't our own people be able to ask for a handout
We need to help them first.

We provided a draft of this letter to the OMB Director for his review and comment on May 17, 2000, but we did not receive any official OMB comments on the report within the time allowed.
The OMB director did not respond because he was on vacation.

He stimulated a thunderous and enlightening debate.
People would not stop talking about the debate for days.

like a musical like right in the middle of acting they would sing songs or something
I love watching musicals because of the songs amid the acting.

Characteristics related to the useful life are that it
There are many characteristics associated with the useful life.

Oh, you're right.
That is exactly the way it happened.

yes yes oh well that's true that's true i see i don't think i do but um but a lot of people do say i sound like i guess i have i guess more of a twang to my voice but sure am i've lived here all my life but anyway uh
This location is the best location to live in.

maybe hotter but
Maybe it is hotter but it doesn't feel like it,

The Raptors, on the other hand, are a pain.
The Raptors are a basketball team from Florida. 

well how bad were the side effects
There were only negative side effects.

LSC specifically announced its intent to put resources into the creation of comprehensive, coordinated, and integrated state legal services delivery systems in Program Letters 98-1 and 98-6.
The LSC is the Legal Services for Children advocate group.

Additional copies of this exposure draft can be obtained from the U.S.
This exposure draft underwent dozens of revisions before it was completed.

Nobody answering to Tuppence's description had been seen in the vicinity.
Tuppence gave a bad description, so no one would have spotted the person he described anyways.

This can be done through worksharing discounts or contracts and is especially effective when mailers can do the work in a different way than the Postal Service.
This can be done through hard work and dedication

So by the time we get the case, it is a crisis.
We get blamed when the case is a crisis.

The road beyond Dhulikhel drops precipitously, then turns up the Sun Kosi River gorge toward the Chinese/Tibetan border.
The road beyond Dhuilikkel is only one lane wide. 

so it's been it's been five years for me
I enjoyed it the last time I did it.

Other sports sites pale next to SportsZone, but they still demolish print and TV.
Print and TV don't offer the same level of sports coverage as the websites do.

The Taira, controlling the region along the Inland Sea, defeated the Minamoto armies based in the Kanto province east of the capital.
The Taira struggled to achieve their eventual victory over the Minamoto armies.

for that little
That is the smallest amount I have ever seen.

Acrosethe street and east along the quay is the Irish Famine Memorial, a series of striking life-size bronze figures by Rowan Gillespie.
The Irish Famine Memorial took many years to complete.

No, we're not.
We're not, because I said so.

Intellectuals debated the existentialist merit of Albert Camus and Jean-Paul Sartre in Paris's Left Bank caf??s.
Intellectuals weren't sure if Camus was successful in his quest to gain new land.

What does it matter that you have the whole truth if you can't understand it?
Would you rather not try to understand the truth?

Value-free social science does not demand that its practitioners have no values.
Value-free sociology does not tell its practitioners to lose their values, but rather observe value neutrality.

yeah no we won't have too much here for another couple of months yet really yeah yeah we're having it's raining today
It doesn't usually rain much this time of year.

It is a polychrome sculpted wooden triptych of 18 panels, which portray the last days of Jesus in moving detail.
It is a wooden triptych of 18 panels, each more beautiful than the last.

It equals the gross or nominal amount of any asset or liability minus any allowance or valuation amount.
This is the calculation method that will give you the most results.

yeah yeah uh everyone says you know when i bought this several years ago w hen our local economy was good everyone said no no you're crazy to buy a mobile home
It's allowed me to become debt-free.

The austere little church of San Damiano dates to the 11th century.
The church was where the Pope Francisco was baptized. 

and that innocent people i i shouldn't say innocent because i mean actually actually if they commit a crime that they're in the same circumstances but
If they commit a crime under duress, they are not innocent.

2. While the AEO2001 analysis anticipated no program spending to drive these changes, EPA assumed that additional spending would be required for scenario B. Calibrating to the CEF policy scenarios, EPA estimated that program and policy spending would increase by $0.
The EPA was relieved to learn no spending was expected.

As expected, scenario A has the largest increase with expenditures rising by nearly $17 billion in 2015 compared to the reference case.
Scenario B is the most profitable.

last 30 years and would correspond to a lower assumption for total factor productivity growth than CBO's most recent assumption.
The total factor productivity growth is an important measure of economic health.

We have divided the country into five regions north, west, center, east, and south.
We could have divided the country further with regions such as North West.

The agency viewed such an analysis as unnecessary in light of its lack of discretion with respect to the rule, but stated that past evaluations indicated few if any small businesses would be affected.
The analysis was thought to be a conflict in interest.

9 In another sixteen states, LSC funding represents over 50% of the total investment in the civil legal services system.
In some states, LSC funding is at least 52% of the total investment in the civil legal services system.

This tour alone lasts a full hour, and at least equal time is necessary to appreciate the other collections and the multi-media learning center on the second floor.
There are far too many beautiful things to appreciate within 15 minutes. 

Don't ruin the evening, Jonofi.
Don't ruin our trip to the restaurant.

The outline of the Seleymaniye, the Mosque of Seleyman the Magnificent, rises from a site above the Golden Horn (near the north gate of Istanbul University).
Seleyman decreed that there should be a mosque named after him for his achievements.

Major Temple of the Cow Goddess Hathor, it was begun in the Ptolemaic era, c.125 b.c. , making it one of the later Egyptian temples.
There were many temples built during the Ptolemaic era.  

yeah patent it that's a good idea
You should really follow through and get a patent.

i you know some of the places now um like IBM don't allow even smoking you know in the in the plant we we have designated smoking areas
There is no smoking allow at IBM since it is unsafe.

Some of the subsidies exceed capital and maintenance  If the White Sox fail to draw 1.5 million annual fans at New Comiskey Park in the 11th through 20th years of their lease, the state of Illinois is contractually obliged to cover the shortfall at the gate by buying upto 300,000 tickets.
The white Sox aren't a popular enough baseball team. 

if you'll think back a few years to when the Mets were just all this sort of young bunch of guys who really were raw talent but weren't very sort of well trained you know back to the you know maybe eighty um eighty four or or eighty three or or eighty five you know when they were first when they weren't quite the eighty six team that that that they were um
Everyone loved the Mets even when they first started out. 

A bit of shadowing, maybe, or such like?" Tuppence affected to consider, then shook her head.
Tuppence considered the tactic briefly, and then refused before jumping up.

APHIS rejected the second alternative because it believed that less stringent mitigating measures than the ones proposed would increase the risk of the introduction of hog cholera into the United States and that more stringent mitigating conditions would be unnecessarily restrictive.
The risk would increase.

West along Via Vittorio Eman?­uele, the Palace of the Normans (Palazzo dei Normanni) was built by the Saracens as a ninth-century fortress and later turned into a royal residence, appropriate setting for the later brilliance and luxury of Emperor Frederick II's Sicilian court .
The Palace of the Normans is a highly visited tourist destination in Sicily.

Reilly also said he thought mortgage brokers commonly exaggerate business proceeds in stated-income loans - I would say 90 percent of the time they are padded - adding that he was 25 and inexperienced at the time and has not repeated the mistake since.
Reilly thought mortgage brokers exaggerated proceeds in stated-income loans in the inner city.

What so? So, this Jacek, he walks around and says he has only one woman.
Jacek was lying about having only one woman, he met up with a mistress when his wife wasn't home.

Although the Reformation and Lutherism had an impact on Poland, the country largely avoided the devastating religious wars that raged elsewhere in Europe.
Poland still has several notable chapels.

Whole scenes then follow, complete in themselves but like disconnected parts of the film.
The scenes add to the film story.

3 Given this limitation, attention focuses on several obvious  (1) Should worksharing discounts be offered?
They ask if 25% work sharing discounts should be an option.

you know on it huh i mean i don't even know who did which ones but he does
I do not know the things that he knows.  

Finally, the Chinese say that the State Department impounded the Loral findings before they ever reached them.
The State Department purposefully prevented the Chinese from being able to reach the information.

but they weren't very good but they was uh
However, it was disappointing because they were so bad.

It did not strike you as peculiar that a famous London doctor should bury himself in a little village like this, and should be in the habit of walking about at all hours of the night, fully dressed?
There is a conspiracy in the village: villagers are keeping the doctor captive, and bribing police to keep quiet (which is why the police are downplaying the obvious strangeness of his behaviour).

it sure is uh in fact we went up there for Easter and and we we had uh a beautiful day we had a day where it snowed and then uh it rained the next day and you know you just never can tell what the weather's going to do
We went up to Chicago for Easter, the weather changed quickly.

a compost pile right
The compost pile is correct.

For example, see Analytical Perspectives, Budget of the United States  Fiscal Year 2001, Executive Office of the President, Office of Management and Budget (February 2000), pp. 30-31.
The February 2000 text contains pertinent information regarding this accounting practice.

In the case of carbon, the bank would last another two years at the rate of drawdown in 2015, or longer if the drawdown declined.
The drawdown declined and the bank sustained itself for an additional 10 years.

and you know if they just would have thought well gee if we don't you know if we put a freeze on new home starts that will bring the price of houses back up our tax base revenue will go up and we won't have to increase taxes and make it more of a burden on people that are living here
There was a way they could have done this, that would have made life easy for home-owners.

Rotten little bounder too! he said savagely. 
The boy was rotten. 

A crook? he queried eagerly.
He wondered if the girl was a crook. 

During a signing ceremony for a bill, he dove headfirst fully clothed into the Charles River.
He had been planning to dive into the river since the start of the ceremony.

The preamble to the proposed rulemaking set forth the reasons for collecting the information and the burden estimates and solicited comments regarding the collection to be submitted to both the Departments and the Office of Management and Budget (OMB).
The Office of Management and Budget usually takes one month to process submissions.

The final rule was reviewed by the Office of Management and Budget and determined to be an economically significant regulatory action and approved as complying with the order.
The final rule was reviewed by the Office of Management and Budget and was approved quickly.

Kashmir was divided between both India and Pakistan, pending a plebiscite which has never been held.
Kashmir was divided between the two countries, as he loved them both. 

In the last campaign cycle, Democrats returned $1.
That is a ridiculously low amount.

This, however, is unlikely to happen quickly.
Other changes were fast.

The cover story marvels at the Wild Bunch of egotistical celebrities (including Warren Beatty and Donald Trump) who are pondering third-party runs for the presidency.
The cover story talks about celebrities who want to run for president on 2022.

But, as in Washington, on snowy days like this, you take what you can get.
It snows about thirty times a year in Washington.

The intermediate projections, which reflect the Trustees' best estimate, reflect changes in the working age population, particularly the increasing rate of retirement by the baby boom generation after 2010.
The projections show changes in population age statistics.

uh-huh uh-huh It would be handy
That tool would be handy.

By physical terrain we mean the physical proximity of the delivery points and whether they are most advantageously served by a curb, park &amp; loop, or foot route.
Delivery points should include at least a bench and a locked storage compartment.

Using a pun on Red Herring 's name, Perkins' note appeared to imply that a Bush donation would enhance readers' relationship to the publication.
The pun he used was not easy to understand for people out of the United States.

The final portal would provide access for legal services staff to training materials, discussion groups, legal research and other matters.
The staff has to pay to access the final portal of information.

Echoes of the scandal  1) China replied to U.S. criticism of its human-rights abuses by accusing the United States of corruption for letting its political parties sell face time with their leaders.
Both China and the US think they are morally in the right.

The goal of this research effort is to catalyze development and implementation of innovative, cost-effective environmental technologies; develop scientific and engineering information needed by EPA to support regulatory and policy decisions; and provide technical support and information transfer to ensure effective implementation of environmental regulations and strategies.
The EPA has regulated the environment and environmental policy in the United States since the Clinton administration.

We were alone in a corridor.
We stood in the hallway of the abandoned hospital. 

But they conclude that all the choices available to Witztum and Rips created wiggle room, thus permitting the authors' biases to corrupt the results.
The choices allowed for in-depth thought on the subject.

Recently the ashtray smell has begun to permeate our apartment--I presume through the wooden floors.
The apartment reeked because of the people smoking and leaving their ashes in the ashtray.

well i can imagine
I can see vividly 

EPA addressed OIRA's concerns by lessening the information collection requirements for risk management plans in its final rule.
The OIRA was happy with the EPA's actions.

The Dead Sea is synonymous with the Dead Sea Scrolls, ancient rolls of writing in Hebrew and Aramaic.
The Dead Sea Scrolls are some of the most important documents discovered in modern times.

there's a TV show where the man is the one raising the kids and the wife is and i maybe they based it on that Mister Mom movie but uh
Will your husband fail at raising the kids?

Representing yourself in court can be a tricky endeavor.
Lawyers are much better than self-representation.

He must report his failure to Mr. Carter.
Mr. Carter isn't known as an easy-going man.

Library research and consultation, however, are only part of your preparation.
On top of library research and consultation, field work will also be part of your preparation.

Indeed, it is said that Scotland gave golf to the world.
Scotland was the original place of golf.

and so we're all everybody's out planting and buying and
75% of people would rather buy and plant from us than any other garden store.

In defining the specific categories of items, or elements, that would appear as stewardship information, the Board decided on the 
The Board isn't quite sure how to define the items, but they're working on it.

Does not buy clothes at Banana Republic.
Banana Republic has the best clothing. 

Zarco ruled the western half of Madeira, while his fellow Portuguese captain and navigator, Tristao Vaz Teixeira, governed over the eastern half from Machico.
They were on friendly terms.

For nearly 300 years, Islamic conquest in India was confined to this trading community in Sind, but in the tenth century, tribesmen from Turkistan, driven west by Chinese expansion, set up a state at Ghazni and began raids across the border to plunder Hindu temples.
Without Chinese expansion, Hindus would have continued to live in peace.

Between 1990 and 1997, bill/payment volume declined by only 1.1 billion pieces.
bill volume declined in a linear fashion as opposed to an exponential one

And uh then i have given that up but uh i would really like to start that again because i am now you know not in a position that i like myself i don't feel
I would love to pick up some sports again, because I am out of shape.

Although monitoring, in itself, may encourage compliance with information security policies, the full benefits of monitoring are not achieved unless results are used to improve the security program.
Information security policies were introduce last year and updated this year.

It has been closed indefinitely to the public since 1990 but is beautiful to view from afar none the less.
It was closed in 1990 because the tourists were causing too much destruction.

A number of sculpted tombs include the sculpted tombs of Marie de Valois (on the right) and Robert the Wise d'Anjou (d. 1343; behind the high altar).
Marie de Valois died of the Black Death in the year 1200.

The amount and kinds of evidence required to support auditors' conclusions should be based on auditors' professional judgment.
The kinds of evidence that support auditors conclusions should be based on their professional judgment, never their personal feelings.

um for me it's it's a real it's a real consideration um uh and and uh the but no i probably wouldn't have even though i'm really quite into cars it's it's probably my main hobby
I spend the majority of my weekend waxing and fixing up my car.

I was to be accompanied by a full contingent of bodyguards, of course.
They were worried about me and would give me bodyguards.

For more information on the recent NIPA definitional and classificational changes, see Brent R. Moulton, Robert P. Parker, and Eugene P. Seskin, A Preview of the 1999 Comprehensive Revision of the National Income and Product Accounts, Survey of Current Business, Bureau of Economic Analysis   
Moulton worked on the Comprehensive revision of the national income and product accounts report in January of 1999.

There is no wall, no natural choke point.
There's a river, not a wall.

Both the news and calendar pages allow all users to submit their own articles and events.
Users are excited about being able to share their own events on the calendar page.

Besides, how was he to judge what was normal in extreme cases of surgery?
Could he decide whether the case was solvable by extreme surgery?

 If the island's second largest town has any centre at all, it's the sleepy square in front of the sagging old police barracks.
There are five towns on the island.

A few days later, the Times printed an op-ed criticizing the liberal media for ignoring the Davidson news conference.
The Times printed an editorial that said the liberal media ignored a news conference that was very important.

In this case however, the dogma being shattered is based fundamentally on ignorance.
Ignorance is driving the dogma.

Have you the key of the door?
Do you have keys to any one of these doors?

I had infected his sister with the spawn of my loins, he said.
I infected the young girl.

What had he said wrong? 
Where had he gone wrong in his speech?

It is good news for adoptive parents that neither genetic relationship nor conscious awareness of genetic relationship is a prerequisite for love.
Adoptive parents may be insecure 

Parcells' teams commit fewer penalties than almost any team in the league.
Parcell's team is extremely cautious not to commit penalties, unlike every other team in the league. 

i was going oh wait a minute come on guys this is crummy
I am going to wait five minutes - hey, this is unfortunately (caused by my closed friends).

Well, let's do it. Tommy laid his paper finally aside.
Tommy had been focused entirely on his paper.

but yes i have worked i've worked for TI and i've worked for LTV
LTV was a better job than the one I had at TI.

This is where the cruise boats dock.
The cruise boats have always docked here.

It's the center of the industry, and practically all the great wines are represented here.
You can find pretty good wines represented in the center of the industry.

they have that show on yeah every now and then um-hum well i found that they they have just a much better program than the other shows that are on TV
Their program has better ratings than the others shows that are on TV.

We appreciate your desire to help but we can take care of ourselves.
We can take care of ourselves in this battle.

Conceived as a temporary structure just for the Fair, the tower was slated for destruction in 1910, but nobody had the heart to take it down.
The tower was supposed to be destroyed, but it took a strong effort to save it.

Current law addresses each of These pollutants independently, on different timetables, through several different programs.
There will be new laws to reduce the effects of these pollutants.

I say Helms started it, an' th' jumpin' went th' other way 'round, Sergeant.
The Sergeant wanted to know if Helms was involved.

as total lines of code or can be broken out into new, modified, and reused lines of code.
Most code written is appropriated from previous written code.

If there were actually a threshold, then the shape of the C-R function above the threshold would likely change.
The threshold probably doesn't exist yet.

She 'happened to be near the door'. 
She was trying to listen to their conversation.

Managers generally welcomed their new authority to make spending, personnel, and operational decisions that had formerly been made by central authorities.
It is more affordable if new authority is used over the central authorities. 

I should suggest that we call upon him there as soon as possible.
I think he has the answers we need and we should see him now.

Since then, the city has frozen hiring and chopped programs to stave off a budget emergency.
The city is taking all possible precautions in order to avoid an emergency.

We are not contemplating taking that money out of South Carolina, he said.
Taking the money from South Carolina never crossed his mind.

Application of this interpretation to the U.S.-Mexico border would disrupt access of permanent legal residents to the legal system in the poorest region of the United States.
Applying this interpretation could set the U.S.-Mexico border back weeks.

There were only a few of us still around back then.
Only a few people remained in the village.

Starting where Ajanta left off some of the Buddhist artists may well have moved over to Ellora all of the 34 caves were created between the seventh and 12th centuries.
There were only four Buddhist artists in all of Asia.

The degree to which a system or component isAvailability operational and accessible when required for use, often expressed as a probability.
Information is collected to determine availability operational and accessible.

They're deceased!
They're deceased due to radiation!

Next to the MGM Grand you will find M and M World, four stories of merchandise and memorabilia dedicated to the candy that doesn't melt in your hand.
The candy has many fans who love its attractions.

You will remember my speaking of a stain on the carpet in Mrs. Inglethorp's room? 
No one knew what the stain was or how it got there. 

and i i think you're right uh i think you're right there um i do remember when it was over i remember when they were coming home uh but i remember the feeling back then you know like i feel like right now i feel like this country has been behind this war
The country supported the war.

But your remembrance of the history, the past, the events shepherding you all the way through yesterday toward today- that is important.
This is less imporatnt - what you ate yesterday, what someone told you, or what is the hour.

no that's okay i didn't give away the whole thing i just gave away just enough to get you interested
Are you interested in seeing it now?

The system stretches up to 16 km (10 miles) inland and includes Green Grotto, a vast cavern with an underground lake where stalactites are clearly reflected in the glassy water.
The Green Grotto cavern is over 500 feet high.

After writing about Anderson's piece in , I sent a letter to the New York T imes , which printed it Sunday.
The article writer wanted to do a piece every Sunday.

Construction began in 1999.
Construction began in June 1999.

Two, the Patient on the Specialized Life Support System answered.
The patient is very unwell

And Mr. Brown is a consummate actor.
Mr. Brown is the best actor ever. 

Shalit argues that when you walk down the street you can tell the virgins by their fresh, healthful glow.
Shalit, a psychology professor in Washington, refers to this glow as the 'glow of innocence'.

it doesn't well to a point it's okay you know i don't mind i've never had a problem with them letting people in i just don't think that they they are right in some of the things they do
I don't believe that protesting is right, but I don't mind people joining in.

As part of that gift, he went beyond conventional forms and images of expression.
The gift was of exceptional value.

Mrs. Vandemeyer shook her head.
Mrs. Vandemeyer moved her head for several seconds. 

And there have been some attempts to build political portals, such as PoliticsOnline.com . But while such sites do a good job of making recent articles and broad-based resources available, they've yet to combine the Net's strongest attributes--searchability and multiple information sources--with political sophistication.
Users would be more interested in a political portal that was searchable in terms of information sources.

Bad luck.
One thing after another went wrong because of bad luck.

The Dayton Accord separates the country into two  the Muslim-dominated Bosnian Federation and the Serbian Republika Srpska.
The division brought about by the Dayton Accord was widely approved of by the Bosnian and Serbian people.

Federal non-Social Security surpluses are eliminated through 2010, and unified deficits emerge in 2019.
Federal non-Social Security deficits may occur in 2020.

Some changes in personal values are simply part of growing older.
Some changes in values are a part of growing older and wiser.

European Tour, takes place at Santo da Serra Golf Club.
The European tour can be found at the Santo da Serra Golf Club.

i think brutally i mean this guy point blank just shot him in the head i mean just uh for no reason i mean he the cop pulled him over for like a manor minor traffic thing you know and
The man had no real reason to murder him.

Is everyone watching videos instead?
Everyone might be watching Netflix documentaries instead.

 LSC will seek additional funds to increase the presence of LSC staff in the field.
They were currently overwhelmed.

The universe seemed to cry out.
The universe echoed with what seemed the sound of crying.

I darted past as quickly as possible, keeping my head firmly down.
I tripped when I was darting quickly. 

you and your dog huh hey that sounds great well we don't we don't camp quite as much as we used to but uh i still think it's a great way to spend a time with your family and
My family used to go camping every summer when I was a kid, though we don't do it that much anymore. 

Subia was nominated by President Bush to the board of directors of the Legal Services Corp. -- a nonprofit organization dedicated to providing legal services to low-income people.
Subia was Bush's first nominee to the Board of Directors.

 "Why?" Bork asked.
He was concerned with the ramifications of the proposed troop formation.

It was thin and sharp with a wire-wrapped hilt and a weighted spike on the tip of the hilt.
It was deadly.

Did they say anything about the meat?
Did they show dislike for the meat dish I prepared?

anyway maybe you know maybe it'll it'll help in some way but i don't know there there there definitely even with the few disadvantages like that are far better than the alternative
Maybe it will help a great deal more than the alternatives.  

Already recognized as a federal nonprofit, the agency is awaiting state status that would allow it to survive on charitable donations.
They would still seek other sources of funding.

That boy needs an editor.
That boy needs his work to be edited, said his teacher.

spelled out when i was looking at her materials when she first started you know she had her benefits package and all that kind of stuff and it told about the dress code and it said
One of the requirements of the dress code is to not dress casual.

For example, I could appoint a deputy with the approval of at least three members of a panel consisting of the Chairmen and Ranking Minority Members of our oversight committees.
It is a better use of everyone's time only to bother three panel members in hiring a deputy.

some places do some don't right just depends you know how long how long it takes them to figure it out if they can just tell right away
Most places can figure it out right then and there.

Britain's political and economic connections to Madeira can be traced to the 17th century.
Britain has political and economic connections to Madeira because of the wine trade.

Much that was said about Japanese management style in the 1980s--with its supposed Zen focus and greater sense of process than outcome--was pure buncombe.
The information about Japaneese management in the 1990s was correct. 

They enjoyed a privileged position during the time of the British Raj.
British Raj was the only time of the year where they enjoyed a higher privilege.

and uh and i'm i'm i'm especially sorry for the people that are you know have spent all these years trying to deal with it emotionally because you know until the last past four or five years nobody ever really worried about that for them
People had emotional problems.

They mounted up and rode hard in the crags, down into the valley and two days later they came to Fena Dim.
They were going to Fena Dim to attend a wedding ceremony. 

Influential blacks from around the country advised him to quit the race and leave the seat to the man many of them viewed as its rightful heir.
Influential blacks attempted to stop someone from joining the presidential race to allowed their candidate the power.

and and all he has to do is one you know hit it once it doesn't he can he can strike he can swing a couple times if he if he fouls it up he can swing as much as he can it's an interesting uh
It is not as easy as it looks to hit the ball.

In Palma, the shops Can Bonet and Dana sell fine handmade embroidery.
There are embroidery shops in Palma that will embroider anything you bring them.

Reporting Entities of the Federal Government
Reporting Entities of the Federal Government under President Obama

When tenants have vigorous representation, the outcome is much different, Legal Services lawyer Lewis Liebler said Wednesday as he joined about six other lawyers doing pro bono work.
Tenants usually have better cases than it seems like they do but sometimes a lawyer is needed to bring that out.

for for city use and
Only the city can use it.

EPA estimates that there are approximately 490 respondents that are affected by the air emission rules and must submit an initial applicability notification.
Anyone harming the air must answer to the epa. 

But, honestly, I don't think much of the idea.
The idea is very important to this process.  

A writer goes inside the Air Force surveillance planes currently searching Kosovo for Serbian tanks.
There have been military actions in Kosovo.

Nearby is the Kelter Parke, a huge, shady pleasure garden, venue of the annual International Fair.
The pleasure garden is extremely popular with locals as it is nearby.

Agencies were to implement the new policies for the SES appraisal cycles that began in 2001.
Appraisal cycles starting in 2001 were done under new rules requiring greater oversight and accounting.

The analysis concludes that the final rule will not impose any additional burdens on small entities because most of the changes in the rule do not require the development of new information.
Most rule changes to not require new information.

Ever raced that colt of yours?" 
Have you ever won by racing your colt?

How...why? 
Why did this happen?

I wasn't going to out muscle him so I settled for firing it into his foot.
I was worried my opponent would kill me so I shot him in the foot.

Life is simpler on this secluded island and the beaches are not so crowded.
The island is lined with beaches on almost its entire coastal circumference.

In sensitive areas such as the Adirondacks, for example, the majority of lakes have remained fairly constant in terms of acidification levels, while the most sensitive lakes continue to acidify.
The least sensitive lakes remain fairly constant in terms of acidification levels.

Certainly not.
In no way will I do that for my honor.

well i i think what's happened too is just our technology is just advancing so rapidly that and there's so much information available out there that folks out there just have a hard time keeping up aside from just going through their daily routine of living to get from day to day
Our technology is advancing quickly and we can't keep up with it at all.

Furthermore, environmental monitoring networks tracked important environmental improvements - - acid deposition was reduced by up to 30 percent in certain areas of the country.
Acid deposition is correlated to acid rainfall.

Based on its economic impact, the rule was determined to be a significant regulatory action within the meaning of Executive Order No.
The rule states that all shoes must incorporate Velcro fasteners.

On 19 June 1566 Mary Stuart gave birth to her son James (the future James VI of Scotland and James I of England) in the small antechamber off a larger room known as Queen Mary's Room.
Mary's son James became king when he was 32.

John Nolan and I were talking about some of his responsibilities.
John Nolan doesn't have enough responsibilities 

To get a sense of the long-term implications of alternative national saving paths, we examined the economic outlook over the next 75 years under two different  (1) gross national saving remains constant at its 2000 share of GDP-18.
It is somewhat difficult to measure the long term implications of alternative national saving paths.

that yeah with the ice but that uh that's about the worst worst winter i've been been through down here
The area I live in has some of the strangest, coldest winters.

If the passthrough were over 100%, a result for which some parties argue, the discount would be larger and we would say that we are moving from rate category treatment toward subclass treatment.
The is a chance we will have poor treatment.

Then I remembered- I was the honoured guest here.
I was being honoured for my heroic acts.

well i think uh i haven't had that much of course i just heard but i haven't had that much time to think about it either i guess the um biggest thing i find find find is the financial aspects uh particularly
I wish I didn't have to consider the financial aspects of it all.

and you want to make sure that it's done right and put back together right and you know i've i've in the past i've had brake jobs done by someone that when i went back and and looked at it some months later i'd find something drastically wrong with it
Failing to repair something properly will always lead to even bigger problems later.

but they're real
They are better than the imitations.

So how can we Internet apologists explain away this finding?
Internet apologists aren't sure if there is a way to provide an explanation.

he brought it home i believe it came in his uh his mail here's a camera and a dustbuster and some tools someone a lot of tools a man might like you know
He got things in the mail, such as tools and other household items

His later discovery of the New World brought prosperity to the Madeiran  the island's strategic location on the great East-West trading route meant that ships anchored and took on food, water, and the valuable trading commodity of Madeira wine.
Soon the main trade good became olive oil.

Research in this category may address a broad range of organizational issues-from the structure of alcohol and screening treatment services within the ED to the relationship of the ED to other sources of primary care and the organizational and fiscal factors affecting that relationship.
Research in this category made many people redundant

oh well they they come out with a lot of bruises too
They got broken bones along with the bruises.  

Emery picks up the pieces at the cutoff time and transports them to its own facility.
Emery has his own mail system 

i i was the person i was impressed with most i mean i i really you know Colin Powell and and General Schwartzkopf they're military people but i really didn't know that Cheney was as military minded as he is i mean
Colin Powell and General Schwartzkopf both served in the air force.

no i think it's good in fact uh i don't know what the statistics were but i think that they were very surprised to find it so low i think they were expecting it to find uh like the national average at TI and i think it was tremendously down i think
They thought that the numbers would be better than last year's.

yeah i'm not very familiar with with the the state of their agriculture agriculture
I'm not very familiar with the state of the agriculture in Poland

From Styles Court.
Styles Court was the return address.

yep oh yeah they do they get real emotional about it all the i've worked with a lot of people that hunt and they just they they don't see any sense in it at all they think it's ridiculous to have any kind of gun control but then of course they're hunters they know what they're doing they don't realize there're a bunch of crazy people out there that
Most hunters are against gun control because they know what they're doing and according to statistics, most hunters wouldn't kill a human being.

for crappie they use shiners
We've not had much luck with worms.

'I understand you've arranged a suitable program of events for tonight?' Natalia asked, as we strode into town.
Natalia was looking forward to an entertaining evening.

The Commission's analysis addressed the effects of the rule on small entities in a general manner, consistent with the requirements of section 607.
There are severe penalties if the requirements of section 607 are not met.

Like mules, they're naturally infertile.
This is because of their genetic similarities to mules.

'I'm warning you, because despite myself, Mr. Franklin, I find myself beginning to like you.
Mr Franklin is being liked by the woman. 

But this presented a new testing challenge, namely that anything in the street in New York City is fair game.
There were no longer rules governing what happened on the streets in New York City.

The change would increase the cost of filing a lawsuit in Superior Court to $200.
The current cost to file a lawsuit is $150.

The eastern region, known as Oriente, has soaring mountains and Cuba's second and most musical city, Santiago de Cuba.
There is a soaring mountain in the eastern region known as Oriente and there are many wild species that live there.

Louis XIV died here in 1715 of gangrene of the leg.
Louis XIV died from an infected battle wound.

They had sought through other worlds and ages for anyone with a reputation as a builder, engineer or construction genius, without screening the probability of finding an answer.
It took them years to look for someone with building experience.

Again, all this is not to say that Taylor is guilty of such an offense.
As has been said seven times before, Taylor may or not be guilty of the offense.

Former corporate wife Lorna Wendt won a $20-million divorce judgment against her ex-husband, GE Capital Services CEO Gary Wendt.
Gary Wendy may have owed Lorna money that he never paid, and the judge is ruling that the amount owed be increased for not paying the first time.

Was this what we fought for when we battled the fascist invaders?
Did we wage war against the fascist invaders only to become like them?

The Asian American experience may offer a  As growing numbers of Asian Americans have entered the mainstream over the last decade, it is increasingly said--sometimes with pride, sometimes with scorn--that they are becoming white.
Asian Americans are offended by the 'becoming white' claim.

The Timna area, just north of Eilat, is renowned for King Solomon's copper mines.
The copper mines have long since been closed down.

Scores of bars, restaurants, and kiosks cater for the primarily German tourists, and the beach is usually awash with lounge chairs and sunbaked bodies, pedalos, and windsurfing gear.
Most of the lounge chairs on the beach belong to Germans.

In the kitchen is a planter of yellow tulips with pale-green markings engulfed by a mass of purple grape hyacinths.
There are flowers from the garden in the kitchen.

that he was using to fire the process in order to run it
He only ran the process once a month.

now this is not just a state law this is a federal law controlled by the Treasury Department
The Treasury Department invests a lot of resources to enforce that law.

I do hope we shall have lots more adventures."
"It is my hope that we shall have a great deal more adventures in Narnia."

Until recently, there was little for ordinary mortals who lacked a yacht, but now there are sailing fleets waiting to be hired either bare (for qualified sailors) or with a crew to do the work for you.
It is very inexpensive to hire a yacht with a crew.

It seems to me very simple. 
It didn't have many issues.

The day of disillusionment had been a Wednesday.
Wednesday was the day that everything was ruined.

um-hum yeah and the the laws are all the rules some of the things that would make sense to to tell the jury that this this guy has a a prior  criminal history you know where he's raped ten women
They were not able to be unbiased in their decision after learning of their background.

Back here in Tubacca he was conscious how much he had allowed his personal affairs to drift from day to day.
His reconciliation with the locals had left him little time to organize his duties.

Critics trash Homer's epic-turned-sweeps-month-stunt.
Homer's epic-turned-sweeps-month-stunt in the film was disliked by many audiences. 

President Bush's National Energy Plan also includes measures to increase conservation of energy, increase energy efficiency, and encourage technological advances such as clean coal technology, fuel cells, and combined heat and power facilities -- all of which will contribute to addressing the energy and environmental challenges of
Nuclear energy is the best form of renewable, clean energy.

You want me to go to Madame Colombier's? 
Madame Colombier's is where I should go for more information?

A plethora of listings are available at Lawyers.com, but the amount of information is almost overwhelming to the novice.
Lawyers are a popular listing site.

The Counsel has asserted that section 712(1) limits GAO's audit authority to financial transactions.
GAO is not happy with the limitations on its audit authority.

Don Reese, he put them both out in the street.
They both got thrown out in the gutter with none of their belongings.

Write-offs themselves are not the problem.
The greater problem is the multitude of unreported taxes. 

Nearly half the Jewish inhabitants hail from overseas, and they have brought with them many of the accumulated customs and cultural traditions of their former homes.
They came from the magical land of Jewlandia. 

The pleading died out of his voice. 
He couldn't beg anymore, he was begged out.

oh definitely hum-um hum-um no but they think and probably the right people buy it
They think this.

I will pour it out."
I have steady hands.

The Effect of Information on Health Risk Valuations.
Information effects health risk valuations in public health work.

People like Wade Cook are the problem.
Wade Cook and Nicholas Cage are both equally problematic.

He walked about my apartment like the king of a very small castle.
He walked around my apartment like he owned the place, treating it like his kingdom that he was the ruler of, even though he had no authority here and I wished for him to leave.

For H-2A workers, representation is authorized if the workers have been admitted to and have been present in the United States pursuant to an H-2A contract, and the representation arises under their H-2A contract.
H-2A workers have to be naturalized citizens of the United States.

He brought Dayak leaders onto his ruling council but favored the time-honored colonial practice of divide-and-rule by pitting one tribe against another to keep the peace.
He used tribal violence to create peace.

By now it was dinnertime, and Mrs. Chatterbox and the Chatterchildren were urging Chatterbox to come home.
Chatterbox had been gone since the morning.

yeah yeah  you see a lot of activity outside people riding bikes or playing ball or jogging or doing this and that and uh they're trying to to unwind
People are really stressed out and they need an activity to unwind.

and you know it showed her trying to explain to her children where daddy is you know and it was just oh it was just
Her children's father had passed away in a traffic accident.

There are many different establishments to choose from, each with its own clientele and style.
There are more than 20 different establishments to choose from.

The top-floor Capitoline Picture Gallery (Pinacoteca Capitolina) has important Venetian works by Bellini, Titian, Tintoretto, Lotto, and Veronese, as well as a fine Rubens Romulus and Remus and Caravaggio's St. John the Baptist.
Caravaggio's St. John the Baptist was originally painted in the basement of the building.

( Curriculum Vitae , the memoir she published a few years ago, politely fends off the curious.)
The matter of fact tone of her biography is sufficient to deflect questions from those still wanting more information.

course i used to like the Patriots too they were just down the road from here but boy the Patriots are kind of sad they're now they're talking of moving out of town and they ought to all get out of town and take Kiam with them
The Patriots used to be, like, a 10-minute drive away.

Bennett told reporters that the decision spoke for itself, and James Carville brushed aside Jones as a pawn of larger, darker forces.
Bennett did not agree with the decision. 

Aware that they are paying a premium for the label rather than the quality, minority consumers are bound to feel exploited.
The majority of minority consumers continue to buy premium brands regardless of this feeling.

The company has forged alliances with several cable companies such as Comcast (full  Microsoft recently invested $1 billion in Comcast) and Cox to provide service.
They will be able to provide services.

Near Lisbon, the Estoril Casino is one of the biggest draws for gamblers.
Lisbon's hotels profit from the droves of gamblers who stay there.

His mosque is the third largest in Israel and the most important outside Jerusalem.
It is the second-most important mosque in the Middle East.

In late spring, the hillsides are awash with flowers, and crops such as corn give the fields a golden hue.
There are so many plants there in the spring. 

a bunch well i guess that's it that's about as much as we can do with current events
We cannot do more.

The Commission's Proposed Rule Making was published in the Federal Register, 61 Fed.
As of 2005, the 61 the Commission's Proposed Rule Making has been included in 61 Fed.

Qurban Bairam (Eid El-Adha) is a time when many Muslims travel to Mecca (their holy city) to commemorate the slaying of Abraham.
More Muslims travel to Mecca during Qurban Bairam than any other time.

and so Wal-Mart complained
Wal-Mart made its complaint in the first week of May. 

Trader Vic's opened garish Polynesian-themed restaurants; Arthur Godfrey brought the ukulele to television; Burt Lancaster and Debra Kerr rolled in the wet sands of Oahu; and jet air service brought in vacationers by the hundred thousands.
Trader Vic opened restaurants that offended the locals.

Yes! I breathed.
I was relieved.

uh for months and months and months and it was a a genre that i wasn't in the least bit interested in and i usually when i hear about a movie that's supposed to be very good
I was not interested in the movie.

We're so close.
We have gone very far.

aerobics yeah i like aerobics
I like aerobics better than cardio.

True enough! 
Everything else is inaccurate.  

uh-huh cantaloupe's difficult to grow and get taste out of them i mean they're they're easy enough they'll grow easy enough but you can't get any flavor
It is hard to grow cantaloupe's with flavor but we try every year.

So yes, I'm going to get my hands dirty and I will consider myself properly damned for it.
I am going to do something bad, but i don't care what happens.

[Hillary] stays in Trump Tower when she's in New York.
Hilary Clinton chooses to stay at Trump Tower. 

I've brought you some tea. Mrs. Vandemeyer did not reply.
Mrs. Vandemeyer was no longer able to speak.

Harrison D. McIver III, MALS executive director, said the agency was very gratified by the Community Foundation's grant. 
MALS got a $50,000 grant from the Community Foundation.

Organizations that provide free or pro bono services are able to maintain a better lawyer-to-client ratio because they often specialize in particular kinds of cases, Hall said.
High status legal firms often have a pro bono section.

Super-Paradise, in the next bay, is a gay, clothing-optional beach.
Super-Paradise attracts a a lot of gay people.

The Constitution does not permit the Government to confine litigants and their attorneys in this manner.
The Constitution doesn't let the government keep litigants confined in jail cells for more than a day.

he's a the movie critic um oh you've oh okay he's a movie critic on channel eight in Dallas
Dallas has the best movie critics in the country.

Additionally, Professor Aleinikoff has published several books and countless articles relating to immigration, international migration, and constitutional law.
Aleinikoff published books while he taught at NYU.

With Oriental and Byzantine decorative elements reflecting the Pisan Republic's overseas interests, its four-tiered arcaded facade over three porches is a masterpiece of grace and delicacy.
The main influences of the Pisan Republic were from Oriental and Byzantine empires.

They can.
They won't do it.

Venice, founded on its islets and lagoons in the sixth century by mainland refugees fleeing Lombard raiders, prospered from a privileged relationship with Byzantium and an uninhibited readiness to trade with Muslims and others farther east.
As a result, Venice opened up new trade routes, and the economy grew.

I realize now that the cameras and microphones were probably installed by [the Globe ] while I was out, she reports.
The cameras and microphones were installed in her dressing room.

They knew him now for a spy, and would in all probability give him short shrift.
He made just the littlest mistake, that destroyed his meticulous disguise

The Musee de Dieppe, also known as the Ceteau-Musee, in the 15th-century chateau in the Rue de Chastes, has a good collection of model ships and carvings in ivory, dating from the 18th century when elephant tusks were a major import from Africa and Asia.
The Musée de Dieppe is a good location to visit for tourists who are interested in rare materials like gold and ivory.

Beside him was a shorter figure: a pudgy man with a thin mustache, on whom the Egyptian headdress looked strangely out of place.
Aside from the Egyptian headdress, the pudgy man wore an ill-fitted grey suit.

The individuals who were involved in the organizations had various technical and business backgrounds-such as information security specialists, computer scientists, engineers, auditors, lawyers, law enforcement officers, and medical professionals.
The people in the organization had to provide proof of their professional experience before they could participate.

If you missed the links in the text, click to read more on the Yale University Press study and for some samples of Conley's conflicted prose style.
They also have links to other articles related to the topic.

I'll build the damned computer.
Fine, I will build the damn computer you lazy jerk.

but you know if  a lot of people flat can't afford to you know that and most kids these days have gotten themselves into um financial situations where they have to be working all the time
A lot of people can't afford that, while others flat out refuse to pay anything at all.

This drop in payment mail volume accounts for 69 percent of the decline in the volume of HH-to-NHH sector, amounted to 3.6 billion pieces between 1990 and 1997 (see Table 1).
In 2001, the payment mail volume increased.

 Rate and service adjustments agreed upon by the Postal Service and mailers are legally authorized if three conditions are 
There are conditions that need to be met for rate and service adjustments.

so then i had to go back and buy two more oh Lord i was so frustrated with that but uh
I had only planned on buying one.

hi i like uh i like i love to do uh  all kinds of crafts and sewing i i find that's my one release
I do them all the time.

It's almighty luck that she didn't take the wire with her.
Things would have been terrible if she had taken the wire.

and well yes but you you have to use it in combination with a sewing machine you can't throw your sewing machine away you you you need it to do things like button holes and uh
There's another machine that you might be interested in.

However, deviations from standards required only approval from the group's executive.
The group's executive will approve any deviations we show them.  

On the floor above Conrad opened a door and Tommy passed into a small room.
Tommy wasn't sure if the small room meant anything.

Although the clubhouse and historic great house are camouflaged by lush vegetation, the manicured greens of the golf course can be seen on both sides of the main coast road, along with the plantation's water wheel, which has been renovated and still turns with the weight of river water.
The golf course was originally built around an existing old road.

OK, the door policy was cruel, but at least it kept Village Voice gossip columnist-in-chrysalis Michael Musto out.
Allowing Village Voice gossip columnist-in-chrysalis Michael Musto in would have been a serious mistake.

Last June, the FBI told six members of Congress that the Chinese government intended to illegally contribute money to their campaigns.
The Chinese government denies the alleged intentions.

 Poussin's bittersweet Arcadian Shepherds; Watteau's melancholy Gilles and graceful Embarkation for Cythera; Dela?­croix's Liberty Guiding the People; and Courbet's penetrating study of provincial bourgeois life, Funeral at Ornans.
Courbet studied provincial life amonst the people in northern France.

Most interesting are the Macchiaioli (from the verb macchiare, to blotch or stain) school of Tuscan pre-Impressionists, who met at Florence's Cafe Michelangelo in the 1860s seeking a new freedom from academic art that paralleled the political liberation of the Risorgimento.
They only met once in the first year of meeting, but then went on to meet every 4 weeks 5 years later.

Postal Service were to reduce delivery frequency.
The postal service could deliver twice a week.

They had been heading there all the time.
They had been following the directions carefully.

but um you just might as well knock of a couple thousand dollars from your salary you know to pay for this medical care and then i i don't have kids so i'm not worrying about family coverage
It only costs a several thousands to fund medical care for one person.

they're some they're some they're some what you'd call primitive i mean there are no uh real  facilities and then others that have uh
The campground is primitive.

Assessment of the Industry/University
University studies are needed

I wouldn't get ten paces.
I could manage to make it to five paces.

yeah there is there there there are much easier ways to get out of jury duty
Jury duty is a chore that nobody enjoys doing.

and like i said  i don't really watch TV too much any more uh
I watch TV everyday.

The remains of historic Kendal Castle overlook the town.
Kendal castle overlooks the small Japanese town.

He expects that, in five years, 5 percent to 10 percent of all patients will take the test during doctor visits.
The test would help doctors determine the best treatments.

Both of these scenarios point to the importance of having professional assistance throughout this process, and to the vital role of the low-income taxpayer clinics.
Without professional assistance the process can be confusing.

Reviews praise Johnson's range and lively prose but chide him for ignoring 30 years of scholarship and slighting America's racial and economic iniquities.
The reviews were in the newspaper.

Penguin, which holds the U.S. copyright on the original Pooh books, has published black-and-white Pooh books, color Pooh books, miniature Pooh storybooks, Pooh in Latin ( Winnie ille Pu ), Pooh for New Agers ( The Tao of Pooh and its companion volume, The Te of Piglet ), and even Pooh for managers.
Penguin might be publishing a new Pooh storybook.

Beds, chairs, and pews are where history rests its aging bottom in Washington.
The only furniture in Washington are beds, chairs, and pews.

The Louvre's official Web site (&lt;www.louvre.fr&gt;) offers virtual tours that can help you choose the most important galleries for you to visit.
The Louvre's official web site's virtual tours are popular.

Additionally, programs were offered the option of sending additional staff to the conference at their own expense.
Most staff went and paid to go.

The two took up their quarters at the inn in Gatehouse.
The inn in Gatehouse was quaint, cozy, and had soft beds.

The development of a statewide legal services website, based at the West Virginia College of Law, is currently underway.
The website will be of high quality.

J eff Gordon won the Daytona 500 , auto racing's most lucrative prize, for the second time in three years.
Jeff Gordon was also the Daytona 500 champion last year.

well trained i guess and they didn't do a very neat job in cleaning the tables off and when the waitresses came they she just put all of the clean utensils and everything right on top of these dirty tables
Their service was not good, though their food was decent.

Prone to sudden bleeding and speaking in scary voices!
Sudden bleeding happens in 10% of the population.

Fines from judicial proceedings are collected by the entity acting as an agent for the Government as a whole rather than on its own behalf.
Court fines are collected yearly by the agency working for the government.

There may be trouble with the A.S.E." For a long time there was a silence, broken only by the rustle of papers and an occasional word of explanation from the German.
The German may be involved with the trouble with the A.S.E.

The questions address problems over the patient's lifetime.
Some of the questions involve cancer treatment and palliative care.

It hurts to walk."  
My leg is so messed up it hurts to walk.

What do you make of the fact that all the doors of the bedroom were bolted on the inside?"
What do you think about the fact that no one could have entered the bedroom?

Without reform, the combined financial burden of Social Security and Medicare on future taxpayers becomes unsustainable.
This is because people are living longer and becoming more of a financial burden than what was planned for.

The Sinai region is best organized for these activities, though the western desert is developing.
Horseback riding and archery are some of the activities available.

Fifteen passed and the rest, feeling the confidence of unmatched hostilities, rushed forward.
they did not expect to meet up with anyone more powerful than themselves.

for the N C State uh Wolf Pack
The jackets are being made for the NC State Wolf Pack. 

Academia's most popular one-year fellowship, the Guggenheim, has been awarded to dozens of academics, including the University of Chicago's Neil Harris, who will research the history of the American urban newspaper building, and Williams College's Richard Stamelman, who will study the literature and culture of perfume.
The Guggenheim is a one-year fellowship in neurology.

Paper presented at the American Educational Research Association meeting, Montreal, Canada, April, 1983.
This meeting was attended by teachers from all over the Americas.

Yet that is what it looks like." Poirot nodded reflectively. 
Poirot was doing scientific research at the time of this quote.

When reports about McCain's bad temper first emerged out of Arizona this fall, they indicated that he had muscled, rebuked, punished, and cowed fellow Republicans in order to squelch dissent.
McCain is a sore loser when he plays Monopoly.

King Prithvi Narayan Shah had difficulty conquering Kirtipur, whose site atop a ridge with two high points made it virtually impregnable.
The king had a shrewd adviser who came up with a very cunning plan. 

Oh! I said, rather nonplussed. 
I wasn't sure what to think.

Despite the emperor's obsession with the new  Red Peril  ' the 1848 Communist Mani?­festo of Marx and Engels, which was being circulated in Paris ' he could not prevent such social reforms as the workers' right to form unions and even to strike.
The emperor was upset by the social reforms.

 It surprises many visitors that there is only one 18-hole course in Israel, in Caesarea.
It surprises many visitors that there is only one 18-hole professional golf course in Israel.

ever since Akeem changed his uh first name to Hakeem  he added the H to the front
Akeem changed his name to Hakeem due to religious reason

i i might have seen part of that because the name sounds familiar although i would i would remember i think in with him in it
He is one of my favorites, so I should have seen it before.

On another front, the state's largest two bar associations are backing a measure to increase attorney registration fees by $7 to fund the Lawyers' Assistance Program.
The Lawyer's Assistance Program helps current lawyers find potential clients easier.

They don't leave no more trail than an ant steppin' high, 'less they want you should foller them into a nice ambush as they has all figgered out.
They don't leave much trail because they are being careful.

These days, fiercely independent-minded Tamil politics make the place much more lively and alert at election time, but less heated than, say, the cities of Caletta, Mumbai, or the Punjab.
Tamil politics do not have as many voters turn out as in Mumbai.

Entitlements are not the only thing that matters.
Entitlements do matter, but not as much as the other things. 

Conclusions should be clearly stated, not implied.
All implied conclusions will not be considered.

Postal Rate Commission Postal Rate Commission
The rate has been stable.

In other words, the F-22 is requiring significantly more maintenance actions than planned.
The maintenance on the F-22 is taking a long time. 

Another situation where program implementation case studies may be called for is when concern exists about implementation problems.
Program implementation case studies can be useful when a concern exists about the implementation on a larger scale.

My friends here,' I gestured vaguely at Natalia, 'my friends from the Salmon Corp will no doubt have some scientific evidence for those of you with inquiring minds.
I was bluffing when I said my friends had evidence.

The Commission received numerous formal and informal comments on the proposed rule during the comment period which was extended twice.
The Commission responded to each comment individually.

George Bush was a wonderful man who really got Ronald Reagan's third term.
George Bush put into practice the economic and moral principles of Ronald Reagan. 

well um with credit cards is me i uh i try to get maybe just one or two i don't i don't like having credit cards for every store i i uh i just don't like them
I prefer credit cards that offer points toward free flights.

The issue date and effective date of each statement are presented first.
The issue date and effective date are listed first for organizational purposes.

    IV   The corridor down which they moved this time was one that might have been familiar even in Dave's Chicago.
Dave remembered many hallways like this one from Chicago.

uh-huh well it sounds like neither one of us thinks that the Soviet Union is a real threat to the US
We all agree that there are greater threats to the US than the Soviet Union.

Displayed in a room by itself, the prize of the collection is the Winged Horses sculpture from Tarquinia's Ara della Regina Temple.
The prize of the collection, the Winged Horses sculpture, was obtained in the early 18th century.

Because we need it badly.
We need the goal to win very badly.

Pundits now think the Justice Department or Independent Counsel Kenneth Starr will look into the matter.
Some people believe that the Justice Department or Independent Counsel Kenneth Starr will investigate. 

There is an increased sense of desperation in China about Taiwan.
China is mildly uncomfortable about Taiwan.

Star Wars was never reviewed well by critics.
Critics often claimed Star Wars had poor acting and an unmemorable plot.

yeah i think that's great because i mean you know you you it's less guilt you feel knowing that you have to leave them everyday if you can go in and see them for ten or fifteen minutes around a lunch hour or
They are very happy to see me at lunchtime.

hum-um it gets bad it is nursing home i think is sometimes i think some people put them in there and then they just die that's about what it's for and it's really not some people don't need to be in there
I think nursing homes are just for people to die in and you don't go there until you're a month away from dying.

During much of the 1990's the number of active boilermakers had been declining due to very low employment levels resulting from very low activity in the utility power plant construction business.
The low employment levels were the cause of there being less practicing boilermakers.

but i've got a class tonight so i wanted to get these out of the way
These are very easy tasks to complete before class.

you want to go ahead or
It would be best if you advance.  

and uh well tell your dad that now he owes you five bucks
Your father needs to give you five dollars for the milk that you bought.

If you can use viral marketing and Abercrombie &amp; Fitch in the same sentence, you too can be a Gen Y pundit.
The pundits make commentary on politics.

All these attractions can be bridled, but the amount and nature of the necessary effort differs by food type and by circumstance.
It takes a tremendous effort to cook at the attractions.

They do not, they say, value a stock by looking at future earnings.
Stocks are not valued from future earnings, but from how much money they make you.

Still, there's room to spare on Formentera.
There is only a little bit of room left on Formentera.

I'm working on my fourth language now, said Lopez, referring to his Russian classes at Woodburn High School.
Lopez learned three languages to perfection before - English, Spanish and Korean.

Her current favorite is Audrey Seville.
Many people's favorite is Audrey Seville.

The beautifully restored ruins of the Eglise Toussaint (dating from the 13th century) have been incorporated into the Gal??rie David d'Angers (33 Rue Toussaint), which houses a unique collection of the sculptor's portrayals of notables including Balzac, Victor Hugo, Gutenberg, Paganini, and George Washington (here in Angers you'll see a plaster bust, the bronze of which stands in the United States Capitol).
A great fire had burned down a large portion of the Eglise Toussaint.

UT law students will staff the center and conduct the initial interviews with clients to find out what their legal problems are and how they can be helped.
To find out what clients' legal problems are and how they can be solved, UT law students are going to interview them, said the news.

We provided drafts of our human capital model to OPM and OMB for their review prior to publication to help ensure that the three efforts are conceptually consistent.
Drafts of human capital model to OPM and OMB were expensive

so not formally
informally, but just for you

But the Army shows the process can work, and can help.
The army promises that it can help if the process is used.

And the editor heard Jacob's plea.
Jacob's second plea was heard by the editor.

where as it would have been exactly um
Where as if it would have been exactly like that, it would have been better.

If she shrieked for help there was very little chance of anyone hearing her, whereas there was probably quite a good chance of Mrs. Vandemeyer's shooting her.
Mrs. Vandemeyer might hit her, then shoot her. 

Jon could not say.
Jon was incabable of speech due to an injury.

MLS is major-league sport with minor-league charm.
MLS is often referred to as charming by critics, but is definitely a major league sport.

There was a knowing sharpness behind his eyes; signs of a soul wise and a little bit mercurial.
I looked into his eyes that looked wise and mercurial, but knowing him I knew this to be untrue.

On the Left Bank, try the photogenic rue de Buci in St-Germain-des-Pres, open every morning except Monday.
The photogenic nature of the site is due to its architectural design.

That is the case, said the doctor quietly.
The doctor quietly agreed with the girl.

It's not the same as adding real value to the economy.
Adding real value to the economy should be our top priority.

Within 10 years, they had overrun most of Spain.
Spain decided to fight the people overrunning them.

Saint-Germain-des-Pr??s
n/a

Never knowed any li'l boy what warn't glad to see th' last o' a book.
Little boys like reading because they think reading is boring.

To arrive before the time would look over-eager.
Arriving a little bit late makes one appear inconsiderate.

i guess  in a way i just i really like the summer like to uh be able to lay out or you know just be outside
The warm summer air feels great on my delicate skin.

Comfortable and affordable It's usually full but without the tour groups at most Gran Va hotels.
The hotel costs are very reasonable for the location.

federal operations at risk of tampering, disruption, and inappropriate disclosure.
The federal operations are being kept secret.

Will demurred when Larry King asked him about the commissioner's job last week, and he gave me spin when I  He still likes writing his column, he says, and it's presumptuous to talk about accepting something that has not been offered.
Larry King hopes that Will will be made commissioner.

Historical impact of the chairman's choice of cuffs on the discount rate.
If the chairman's choice of cuffs pleased the buyer, the discount rate was higher.

Seated on one side is the Nyorin Kannon, in whose hand is a jewel used to answer prayers and grant wishes; on the other is Kokuzo, who embodies wisdom and happiness.
Kokuzo is dressed in plain white robes.

Nowadays banks are by no means guaranteed to make  To turn a profit they must work hard, innovate--and take big risks.
I think honesty helps banks turn a profit.

Outside the resorts, it can be hard to pin down what's going on where, but informal musical performances are ubiquitous.
Outside the resorts, it can be hard to pin down what's going on where, but there are newsletter available with schedules. 

Death of a Salesman , his greatest play, is about the devastating effects of professional failure.
Death of a Salesman is a play that is loved by millions.

Out of the 43 counties in the LSSM service region, Butler County has the fifth highest number of cases served in 2001 and the third largest number of attorney panel members.
A review is currently being done to evaluate the effectiveness of the attorney panel members.

The main attraction in Old Cairo is the Coptic Museum.
50,000 people visit the Coptic Museum every year.

but uh you know but we need good schools uh we're more involved in that now and i i i i think it's better for everybody if we had better schools
Good schools are advantageous.

Also, much of the information maintained by federal agencies, although unclassified, is extremely sensitive, and many automated operations are attractive targets for individuals or organizations with malicious intentions, such as committing fraud for personal gain or sabotaging federal operations.
A lot of information is maintained by federal agencies and is sensitive so it should be protected properly.

Why shouldn't it be?"
Why would it be anything else?

Films with Mandarin dialogue also have Chinese subtitles, for the benefit of Cantonese speakers, and sometimes subtitles in English.
The English-speaking market is a growing one for Mandarin-language films, so English subtitle usage is increasing.

In addition, under certain circumstances, GAO has the authority to access information from other entities receiving federal funds, such as the District of Columbia, state and local governments, and private sector contractors.
The local governments work under the supervision of GAO.

I've forgotten his name now, confessed Tuppence.
Tuppence remembered his name later. 

Some sought escape and came down here like he did, but they found little improvement.
They regretted their decision and wished they had gone back. 

That's all right, gov'nor. And then after a moment or two: "Suppose I'm nabbed."
The man had been nabbed for kidnapping.

(This small difference would be further reduced if retail activities of rural carriers were not counted.)
If retail activities of rural carriers in both countries were not counted, then the difference would be reduced.

But to my knowledge he never held a commission from the South, and he is nothing but an outlaw trading on the unsettled state of the territory.
He was like an outlaw because he was not official part of the army.

well actually if your check bounces i guess they could legally take it off your credit card if that's why they're taking it i mean i don't know how fair that is
If your check bounces you still have to pay it somehow, usually with your credit card. 

Submission of Report
The report has been submitted to someone

and swimming um on the high school level and then they just kept pushing me into administration and and i wound up as an assistant principal and then i went down to the central office and was part of a team to to to develop a program to evaluate schools and and to uh try to resolve problems within schools
In the central office, I worked on a team of five people. 

and then what is the long-term effect of us burying that in the ground if that stuff
People in the area where they bury that stuff have a high rate of cancer.

These results exceeded our target of $22 billion and were greater than that of the previous three fiscal years, as illustrated in the following graphic.
These results are for the current fiscal year, which is ending spectacularly but is not fully over yet.

that's what i've heard that uh
That's what everyone is talking about.

(One good current French critic is Laurence Benaam, whose thoughful pieces appear regularly in Le Monde .)
Laurence Benaam is the best writer that appears in Le Monde. 

In contrast to Mallorca, Menorca's economy was devastated for decades.
Menorca's economy rapidly recovered after several decades of problems.

I never despise business instinct, said Julius.
I once owned a business so I understand their intentions.

no i don't i work for North Carolina State University
I have never worked for North Carolina State University.

I commend Judith Shulevitz on an excellent column, Don't Take It So Personally.
Don't Take It So Personally is a great weekly column by Judith Shulevitz in our local paper. 

Less than one kilometer (half a mile) from the western end of Princes Street is Dean Village.
Dean Village is 0.4 miles away from Princes Street.

LSC's Budget Request for FY01 includes a modest increase of $24 million for grants to local programs.
Housing programs received a large share of the budget increase.

As incomes rise, the young farmer buys a truck to replace his father's trusty donkey, or he gives up farming altogether to open a bar or car-rental office.
The young farmer would do better to stay in the farming business.

um i mean i can still remember going going to the store and getting a pint of milk a pound of butter and a loaf of bread and getting change back from my pound
The milk tasted like something very foul but familiar.

you know especially i would say the receivers when they're in the air and they get tackled
The receivers get tacked in the air all the time.

yeah well have a church state softball leagues so they're not all boys and
The softball used in the church league is actually a crumpled up page of the Bible.

9 , is not one of Beethoven's more inspired creations.
9, is not one of Beethoven's most inspired creations due to it's monotony.

A sidebar reports that in the early '90s the CIA nixed a plot by Milosevic's inner circle to overthrow the dictator.
CIA were on board with the plan to overthrow Milosevic, until the UN talks.

It's an excellent focal point, giving new visitors an easy reference to establish their location; it's a spectacular vantage point for many of the city's great landmarks; and its bridges and quays offer history, entertainment, shopping and exercise.
This area spans along both sides of a river.

When researchers describe case studies as using qualitative data, they usually mean the thick description.
Qualitative data is less likely to be quoted in research papers than quantitative data.

The students who the year before had marched and chanted and proclaimed it is forbidden to forbid had been arguing for liberation of the oppressed of virtually every kind, and when it comes to the sexually oppressed, Berman says, the last two decades can be seen as a victory.
They still had much more to be done.

Though one of Madrid's top sights, many visitors still miss it.
Madrid's top sites can sometimes be overlooked because there is so much to see.

um and there i think that even though i'm on an eighty eighty eight at home that the speed is really quite adequate uh and and i consequently don't even really notice uh the the difference between the the fast machine and and the eighty eighty eight
The fast machine is most noticeable when I'm working with large spreadsheets.

Today its lawns, gardens and promenades are the most convenient and enjoyable place for many Madrilellos to take a family outing .
The promenades encircle the whole area, with nearly four kilometers of walkways.

Other tax incentives encourage college and other postsecondary education.
Other tax incentives are used for spending less

(Incidentally, half of the 1992 donations failed, when first disclosed to the FEC, to reveal that the source was a student.)
Students were prohibited from donations, that's why half of them failed.

Riggs regrets that retired Tulsa attorney John Athens, a champion of legal aid, did not live to see how much the money has meant.
Riggs and John Athens are very close friends.

or classes of payments from this prohibition.
The payments were made in person.

a little soy sauce and uh some uh seasoned salt mix all that up together and put it on the steak
mix up soy sauce and seasoned salt, put it on the steak and let it sit for 8 hours.

The center has been staffed by GSA's most senior and competent project managers to serve two 
The total number of staff at the center, including the overnight crew, is 324.

They actually seem to play because they love their game.
They seem to play because of their love of the game and of each other.

and there's some freebies out there are you should put ten to fifteen percent of your monthly bring home in some sort of savings account that being money market uh bonds coda mat savings uh
The savings account takes exactly 12.5 percent of the monthly salaries.

we uh you know we're not going to get this budget isn't going to make us rich but it is going to prevent us from going into poverty uh but
Without the budget, we would all fall into poverty.

Atlantic Treaty Organization, the Balkans remain volatile.
The organization is watching the state of the Balkans.

The stretch of Colorado Boulevard nearby forms the heart of Old Town Pasadena.
Most of the small shops in Old Town Pasadena have been driven out of business by malls.

The Palazzo Pubblico's ground floor houses the offices of the town hall, but its upstairs chambers, frescoed by the city's foremost artists, have been transformed into a Museo Civico (municipal museum).
The Museo Civico has been housed inside the upper floors of the Palazzo Pubblico for over ten years. 

for me any time i needed extra help any time of the day
I could get help any time I needed it and it really helped.

EPA has prepared both a qualitative and quantitative assessment of the benefits and costs of the rule in the Regulatory Impact Analysis.
The EPA is really good at preparing assessments of Regulatory Impact Analyses.  

18 See the description of this proceeding in the Appendix.
The description is very detailed.

They hire individuals to act as leaders, teachers and resources in this arena.
Their leaders are the most important employees on payroll.

It ended in my being sent to a sanatorium at Bournemouth.
I was the last one to be sent to the sanatorium.

Instead, on May 16, the Vice Presidentas Counsel sent GAO a letter questioning the appropriateness of GAOas review, expressing reluctance to supply the information requested and asking for a statement of GAOas legal authority to conduct the review.
The Vice President's Counsel received a prompt reply from GAO.

In summer, kids and lovers rent rowboats and paddle about the small lake in the center of the park.
There were always many rowboats in the lake.

Welcome to the world, Frank Sinatra Farrow.
Frank Sinatra Farrow was born today.

None of the above?
Not any of the above, but a mixture of the above?

Wendy R. Leibowitz is an attorney and legal columnist in Washington, D.C.
Wendy R. Leibowitz writes for the New Law Journal.

With further refinements underway to improve reliability, this system will enable program leaders at all levels to provide Congress, client groups, state legislatures, bar leaders, courts, funders and other stakeholders with a more accurate picture of how many people are being served by LSC-funded programs.
Program funding will be impacted by the reporting from this system.

George McClellan out of retirement to save the Union Army.
The Union Army really benefits from George McClellan's training.

situation and i saw incidences in the hotel where i just wanted to go over and crawl in the corner and say oh my God those are those are not Americans  they can't be but they are
There were a lot of Americans who took the stereotype of being loud and obnoxious to heart. 

um-hum well you know what else really surprised me now i'm married to a native Texan and i'm not
I'm married to a native Texan and I'm not very fond of them.

Lincoln actually counted then down.
Lincoln counted down from twenty. 

oh she didn't she didn't do something
To my knowledge - and I could be wrong, she did not perform a single action.

Perfumes are still popular today and you will see the perfume blender at the bazaar surrounded by hundreds of glass bottles containing the numerous oils that combine to make a single scent.
Perfume blenders offer cheap and quality perfumes in the bazaar.

this is the kid who who really you you know barely made it through high school
The kid's grades were atrocious. 

Once Greece, a NATO member, gets involved, the whole of Europe, bound by treaty, could follow.
They knew that Europe would have to follow.

oh your up in Memphis
You must get me a souvenir. 

yeah you shouldn't even worry about most of the stuff i mean i don't know it's a little near sighted but uh
I know this is near sighted of me but I don't like to think far into the future.

Visibility improvement would be anticipated over large areas including national parks and wilderness areas and recovery of many freshwater and coastal ecosystems would be likely.
The National Parks have proposed a plan to draw tourists while simultaneously helping the environment.

We had a late luncheon and spent the afternoon resting in the garden. 
We enjoyed the late luncheon 

Some have argued that Boorman, the director of Excalibur (1981) and Hope and Glory (1987), doesn't employ his extravagant visual gifts in The General , which is in black and white and isn't ostentatious in its mythic resonances.
Boorman won an Oscar for Excalibur.

oh you do that there there is a pretty um i wouldn't say snobbish  but it it's kind of borders on that that if i depending on what i'm wearing i get better service at the mall i felt since
Mall employees are snobbish.

is allowed for training and monitoring quality.
Performance evaluations can be used when training or monitoring quality. 

Slate and read an excerpt from the book.)
Also you must read an excerpt from the book, said the teacher.

Sales of Bruno Magli shoes are up 30 percent this year.
Bruno Magli shoes are popular with teen-agers this year.

you know they match it um my wife used to they matched hers only hers was a little bit better than ours um she hasn't been working for a couple of years her father took sick so she's been taking care of him
My wife had to leave to go to her father's place.

Among other parts of Spain, Andaluc?­a is more folkloric, Catalonia and the Basque country more proudly independent.
Andalucia has always been known for being folkloric. 

We're not talking conspiracy theory  It's all quite legal, and more or less aboveboard.
It seems like a conspiracy theory, but it can be easily explained. 

The French empire was collapsing.
The French empire was previously strong.

Over the treetops you catch an occasional glimpse of the skyscrapers of modern Tokyo.
There are many trees around the Imperial Palace of Tokyo.

you're at yeah you're right across the uh lake from what Plattsburgh
It wouldn't take you long to walk to Plattsburgh.

i had never thought about that i could probably plant one and bring it in and just like i bring my plants in every year
That's a great idea to bring plant one and bring it in.

who stirs inarticulate passion by singing very much like a woman (Mark Levine, The New Yorker ). Critics are surprised by the success of the New York City Opera at transposing Handel's piece from ancient Greece to 18 th -century England.
Critics said the opera done  bad job transposing Handel's piece.

From the fall of the Roman Empire to the 19th century, it stood outside the mainstream of Italian history.
Historically, it was closer to France than the rest of Italy.

Complimentary access to San San beach; nature trails lead through a rain-forest environment.
There is free access to the San San beach down the road.

Of course, as stated earlier, the effectiveness of this principle is moderated by the extent to which the other principles have been implemented.
Without the application of the other principles, this principle stands no change of success.

USA Today posts top China stories, many of them from the Associated Press.
The post was about the Chinese missile program being launched that week.

(Having seen so many episodes and observed the formula, I have thought it would be amusing to write an episode set in a think tank.
I want to write an episode exactly like the show I've watched.

i thought that was a good movie and uh about a week ago we went out and saw uh Silence of the Lambs
I took several friends to watch Silence of the Lambs a week ago.

The means of maintaining the database and the details that it contained had changed as the number of reported incidents at the university had grown--from 3 or 4 a month in 1993 to between 50 and 60 a month in early 1997--and as the database's value as a management tool became more apparent.
The university cites people keeping better records as to the reason there were more incidents.

This extension into the post-discharge period is most relevant for interventions that do not rely completely
The movement is valid in most cases.

But it is probably true that the quality of politics in America has suffered from the erosion of public trust in institutions that used to act, to at least some degree, as watchdogs.
Erosion of public trust in the press has lead us to this point.

The corresponding amount for inbound mail was a negative $31 million.
Inbound mail sent by shippers through the U.S. Post Service due to delays cost companies a corresponding amount of negative $31 million, internal post office procedures are being reviewed to identify ways in the future to avoid delays in delivering Christmas products.  

and i mean it was fantastic and it got good gas mileage but
It ran well, but could have been better. 

Its volume grew from 30.
Its volume expanded to 40.

The somber design incorporates the War Stone and four granite pavilions, one of which contains Celtic and Art Deco illuminated manuscripts by Harry Clarke (who designed the windows in Bewley's) listing the names of those killed.
The designs of this memorial was heavily commented on due to the nature of the event.

and a Bradshaw." Tommy interrupted him: "When did she ask for an A.B.C.
The speaker was about to make an important point when Tommy interrupted him with his question.

Among the sickest patients waiting were some 12 who needed new heart valves.
The patients' hearts simply weren't strong enough.

Chatterbox learned that the science of studying facial expressions is relatively  Before the 1960s, apparently, it was deemed a useless enterprise.
The study of facial expressions by Harvard was deemed useless in the 1960's.

We felt we needed to take care of something that had disappeared.
It was important to us that we found the carrots that went missing. 

Then, amidst a breathless silence, Alfred Inglethorp was called. 
No one was talking at all when Alfred Inglethorp was called.

for one reason i wanted i was working on a masters degree so i wanted to stay close to where i was working on a masters degree but also because i just thought that it would be interesting to live someplace else so totally different than my own upbringing and i it changed
I lived a few minutes from school I was doing my masters degree from.

Even without Leonardo da Vinci's masterpiece in the adjoining refectory, the church of Santa Maria delle Grazie (Via Caradosso, southwest of the Cetello) would be worth a visit as a jewel of Renaissance architecture.
Seven artists' work are visible in the church of Santa Maria delle Grazie.

Take no unnecessary risks once the papers are in your hands.
If the papers are in your hands, risks might come.

Most of the millions of books, engravings, and ancient manuscripts it has accumulated over the centuries have been transferred to the new national library on the Left Bank (see page 58).
The millions of books had been painstakingly collected and guarded against the Nazi's.

Then the war.... The withdrawal of the army, the invasion of Sibley's Confederate forces which had reached this far in the persons of Howard's Arizona Rangers and most of all the raiding, vicious, deadly, and continual, by Apaches and outlaws had blasted Tubacca.
The army as ordered to retreat back to their bases.

According to the National Enquirer , Jack Nicholson accidentally hit his 7-year-old son's Shih Tzu with a golf club; the pup reportedly recovered after receiving 57 stitches to the abdomen.
The National Enquirer said Nicholson almost killed a dog when he was playing golf.

Might be an all night job if you caught on.
The job is a position as a night security guard.

( Goodfellas ? Fuh-get about it.)
Goodfellas is a good movie.

In the morning Ca'daan dressed and headed to the carpenter's shop.
He wanted to get his weapon repaired.

Greek and Roman statuary, jewelry, and daily utensils are all thoughtfully arranged.
The Roman and Greek jewelry is composed of gold necklaces and the finest diamond rings.

When indigent citizens get in criminal trouble, public defenders are made available by law.
Public defenders are paid a low salary.

Similarly, one organization's central group was instrumental in acquiring a strong user authentication system to help ensure that network use could be reliably traced to the individual users.
One organization's central group was important in acquiring a strong user authentication system that helped the organization fin users that were accessing the site from abroad.

They did not see the need for the separate category of RSSI.
They didn't see the reason to make a new category for the financial statements.

Good wheeze, wasn't it? 
Was the wheeze good and did you love it?

oh yeah it's too nice been too nice of a weekend
The weekend was productive and satisfying.

so i guess a good question to ask is do you do your own work or do you do you like to do it
Do you like to do your own work on your car?

And if Reagan had been rejected, I would have definitely heard about it.
I am always aware of presidential rejections. 

It was beginning to rain, and they turned up the collars of their coats as they trudged through the slush of the road.
Walking in the rain on that road was necessary.  

no it uh it started leaking through the you know out through the pan and out onto the floor and it's soaking up in the Sheetrock or in things right
It started to leak a lot.

'Well, I can get it working like a person.'
I can get the machine to work like a person.

They can't talk our language.
They don't have the means to speak our language.

Then we will offer suggestions for research and practice related to intervening effectively with alcohol problems in emergency settings.
We will suggest ways that research can solve alcohol problems among millenials. 

Here is the heart of Old Kathmandu, the rice market and collection point for porters looking for jobs.
Porters seeking employment can find transport at the heart of Old Kathmandu.

whole lot
An unlimited supply of them.

Stomp all over us ... that's what you Rebs has been promisin' to do, ain't it?
What you Rebs want to do, is eradicate our way of life and then forget about us.

There's really no way for me to know, and I certainly don't want to act without a better idea of the situation.' White bit his lip, thinking.
I wanted to know more about the situation but didn't want to ask. 

Only don't be sayin' that round Cap'n Bayliss neither.
What you just said is offensive to some people.

Most responses played with pop star excesses.
The survey interviewed 500 college students last week.

Maybe tomorrow will bring some better news ...
Today brought terrible news.

'Unfortunately, these weapons weren't designed for cutting or welding,' White said, strapping on his Gauntlet.
White put his weapon over his pants.

One man in a helm shaped like a snarling dog fought another taller dark man with a chain.
A tall dark man beat someone with a chain.

Have you checked the interest rate your bank pays on your IOLTA account?
Banks pay 2%  interest on IOLTA accounts.

Only 20% of patients were screened.
Few patients failed the screening test.

um-hum yeah that's right that's right yeah i believe this is the first cat that i've ever had that would not even consider eating tuna
The cat ate every kind of fish except tuna. 

ACI hardware is comprised of relatively common mechanical components and is largely made of steel.
ACI hardware gives us a new way to build things.

and he could he could easily have put her into a nicer um home but up here there's waiting lists and that was the first one that opened and i suggested to him why don't you change um he said well these people here are they are very nice to her and he was saying his excuses if you move her some place else the people might not be so nice so the the professionals in the nursing homes really have to want to do what their doing because it's a really trying job i mean i go up twice a week to see my grandmother and i know the staff very well so they couldn't they can't hide anything on you or anything like that but i have heard of really awful conditions
I visit my father's mom twice a week in the nursing home. 

Some of those are available on the Web.
Most come up on the first couple of pages of Google.

Hunt Rennie did not follow up his half accusation.
He couldn't follow up because his mouth was gagged by a group of mercenaries.

It comes to the table in a shiny white jacket that is broken when the fish is cut and served.
The fish is cut with a butcher knife.

The mare, she was lost at Canon del Palomas. Rennie frowned, "Sí , the mare.
The horse had galloped into the woods and never was seen again.

The point of David Frum's argument in the Gay Marriage dialogue seems to boil down to Look at how severely and for the worse marriage has changed in the last 30 years.
The point of David Frum's argument in the Gay Marriage dialogue seems to give advice to gay couples

Just north of Avenida do Infante (along Rua Dr. Pita) is the delightful Quinta Magnolia park.
The Quinta Magnolia park is nice to stroll in.

And, if that were so, was it not also possible that she might have taken her own life? 
With no evidence it is not conclusive how and where she died, but that doesn't rule out suicide.

Once you've seen the real thing, maybe you want to visit The Pharaonic Village, a theme park recreating life in Ancient Egypt.
Recreating life in Ancient Egypt was a difficult task to master for The Pharaonic Village

I have no joke for this, but may I be the first to weigh in with 'Dana Plato's Retreat?
There were jokes made about these comments, even though I had none.

Scattered around Guadeloupe are some 50 stately Creole-style plantation homes of wood and stone, recalling the distant days of sugar proserity.
Some Creole-style plantation homes in Guadeloupe still grow sugarcane to this day.

Having in his turn failed to persuade Tuppence to go to bed, he said decisively: "At any rate, you've got to have something to eat right away.
He had something to eat right away.

(Not surprisingly, the least dismissive big-name child-care expert is a woman, Penelope Leach.)
As one would figure, a woman is one of the leading child care experts.

Three men rushed Jon.
Jon was rushed by three men who wanted to kill him.

Your query involves some interesting concepts.
You have made me very curious about the subject.

Of course, if you're not in those areas, you're back to AskMe.com or FreeAdvice.com or RipOffCity.com.
AskMe.com may not be the best website, but it does its job.

He pulled off his gloves and placed them over the split log fence of his brill pen.
He called to his brill and they came over to him.

Recommendation #7 Research is needed to explore and define the role of information technology in facilitating screening and intervention for alcohol problems among ED patients.
Exploring the role of IT in the screening process with ED patients has a number of tantalizing possibilities that health care professionals are interested in.

'But think of it this way, Ben- White's already sponsored more minor attacks.
White encouraged people to launch attacks.

and it's the days that i keep looking for that aren't going to happen in my lifetime
I would like to see a day when everyone gets along peacefully.

But even for a couple of thousand words that could have come from a brochure, the airfare still gets picked up by somebody else.
Nobody checks the work so even if those two thousand words came from a brochure, the airfare still gets picked up by someone else.

King Manuel I donated the statue of the Virgin (over the altar) and the distinguished church portal.
The statue is hundreds of years old.

There, there, we can't always have brains as well as beauty.
You may be very smart and beautiful but I am only beautiful and dumb. 

Thorn appeared to still sleep, a small wind-tent shading his head from the rising sun.
THorn had slept for ten hours.

Young people oversave in an attempt to improve their own prospects, and old people oversave in an attempt to improve their children's prospects.
There is too much saving going on.

The planets and the moon--"  "Ignorance was bad enough," Ser Perth interrupted in amazement.
"I don't see why this is such a problem to you," Ser Perth responded, once she had finished talking.

The warrior woman turned and looked away.
The woman turned and looked in another direction to not show the other warriors her tears.

A standard Guadeloupe souvenir is a puffed-up, porcupine-spined puffer fish (poisson lane), which, if large enough, can become an offbeat lamp shade.
There are many taxidermist shops located in Guadeloupe.

Many of the Balearic Islands are strewn with rocks and boulders, and these early peoples built simple stone houses and cleared fields by piling the stones into dividing walls.
Some of these stone houses are still standing.

You ask about the cart, Callie, but don't make it definite.
Callie waited impatiently; her question was very important.

And I puffed my chest out accordingly.
I was very proud of myself.

This intervention guaranteed the popularity of these Christian denominations; today, you will find Baptist and Adventist churches in almost every settlement, their congregations still as strong today as in the early 1800s.
The intervention wasn't the only factor that caused these Christian denominations to grow popular.

The Scotland Bill was put before the British Parliament in January 1998 and became law as the  Scotland Act  in November 1998.
The bill had to go through a lot of intensive reviews and approvals before finally becoming a law. 

Our advertising does not--and never has--treated all drugs equally.
We spend millions of dollars in drug advertisements alone.

You have? 
He has.

um how weird i don't know and they they do have a variety of topics my first one was the toughest it was something like discuss pollution
I do not know much about the topic of pollution.  

I don't remember what I spent the money on, but I do recall how I rebelled my way through high school.
I was quite a rascal in high school and that made me unpopular with my parents.

The interim rule does not impose any federal mandates under title II of the act on state, local or tribal governments or the private sector of $100 million or more in any one year.
The rule affects most of the different governments.

yeah we sort of stayed to the topic anyway
They continued to only talk about sports statistics for the conversation. 

And he has made pointed comparisons to other Webzines that are allegedly content to sit on their fannies and analyze or summarize.
He looks down on websites that simply summarize and don't report.

The other main street, rue des Ecouffes (medieval slang for moneylenders), completes the lively shopping area, with delicatessens, kosher butchers, and even kosher pizza shops.
rue des Ecouffes also has ice cream shops. 

In Roman times, some 7,000 spectators would gather here to watch a circus, Greek tragedy, Latin comedy, or lottery draw.
Thousands of people would watch the live events, but even more than that if it was a fight.

but until i get in a place where i feel like that's where i'm going to be for  a long time they're just their so hard to move
I don't want to do anything until I feel more stable.

All the avant-garde artists included are actually academic, both in the sense of deriving their ideas about cultural difference from French literary critics and in the sense that they follow the dictates of others about what art should be.
They think art should be accessible for everyone.

i'm not even yeah
I am not about to say yes.

'Come on,' White growled, racing toward the battle.
White ran towards where the people were hitting each other with swords.

Further, the Conferees intend that the Conference substitute will secure the rights of H-2 agricultural workers under the specific contract under which they were admitted to this country.
The H-2 agricultural workers can remain in this country for a specified period of time according to their contract.

I guess that's all right.
I guess you did a good job.

Distribution of Rural Routes by Density (Boxes per Mile) Selective Averagesa (1989)
Rural routes all have densities below 100 people per mile.

The Jenkins Committee (named after the chairman), a group formed by the AICPA in 1991 to address concerns over the relevance and usefulness of financial reporting, recommended in its 1994 report that standard setters develop a comprehensive reporting model that includes both financial information (financial statements and related disclosures) and nonfinancial information (such as high-level operating data and performance measures used by management, management's analysis of changes in financial and nonfinancial data, and forward-looking information about opportunities, risks, and management's plans).
The Jenkins Committee makes sure that all financial reporting is useful, relevant, and complete.

Otherwise, we won't."
Our contractual stipulations must be met for this to work.

it doesn't take much but uh we got him all back going and packed up and came on back uh let's see i i had another another camp out that wasn't uh near as bad in fact it had some really good good points to it i'm trying to think of exactly where we were uh we were on another lake i don't remember the the name of it but we were right up at the shore and the way it was layed out the camp grounds were uh it was another state park and the campgrounds had railroad ties blocking off a sandy pit and that made for a fairly level place to put the tent but to get down to the beach you had to walk down a real steep embankment i mean it was so steep they had put railroad ties as stair steps every once in a while mainly for the erosion and that became a path as it were
We had so much fun at the beach that day.

Jon slapped him again, harder.
Jon was trying to wake him up.

you have to watch the like the crepe myrtles
If you don't monitor them like the crepe myrtle, they will die.

Edgar Jr. wants to treat movies like any other  If a movie costs more to produce, you should charge more for it.
Edgar Jr., as advised by his manager, wants to charge more for movie tickets if the movie costs more to produce.

It makes a statement, the city clerk said.
The city clerk watched as a statement was made 

The wondrous Roman Aqueduct, a work of art and a triumph of engineering, marches right through the center of town.
The Roman Aqueduct goes through the center of town, it is no longer used though.

For Klein, control is always bad--whether it's the evil health-and-fashion industry dictating our ideas about beauty, or the beleaguered dieter struggling to curb his cravings in a spirit of misguided self-hatred.
According to Klein, control is always a bad thing, and many people would agree on that.

them people them two people are the most helpless people you see what i'm saying
They are helpless people when they are very old.

Taxation and Household Saving.
It has to do with taxation and how it impacts how much households save.

For organizations both public and private, external forces can include newly emerging economic, social, and technological trends and new statutory, regulatory, and judicial requirements.
Public organizations are significantly more likely to be attentive to new judicial requirements.

When agencies lose major accounts, they often fire nearly everyone involved with the account.
It doesn't happen often, but everyone gets fired without severance pay.

One night I awoke and I was the only one still alive out of twelve of us.
Everyone else was killed by the demons.

so if they have babies then we'll have to get rid of one of them
If they have babies, we plan to give away one of them to a friend.

The Commission did not identify any other statutes or Executive Orders imposing requirements relevant to the rule.
The executive orders the Commission looked at were signed by the President.

At IRS we identified the challenges the organization faces in revamping its human capital policies to help achieve its congressionally mandated transformation to an agency that better balances service to the taxpayers with enforcement of the tax laws.
The IRS will enlist the assistance of local police forces to help them enforce tax law.

Some of the agencies' electronic rulemaking systems contained several of the innovative dimensions previously discussed.
The agencies' electronic rulemaking systems only contained two innovative dimensions that were not discussed before.

fact involved just from the uh the histories that are that were developed around that time that are available
Nobody else kept older records so we used the ones that were available.

He'd probably pick it up in his fillings.
He had fillings in his teeth.

I could've explained myself.
I could explain what I meant to say about my feelings.

The blacksmith's shop in the center of the village became the focus of this activity because it was the blacksmith who often officiated at these ceremonies, striking his anvil with a hammer to signify that the union was official.
The blacksmith shop is always busy with customers.

uh he drives a small uh S GMC S fifteen  which we bought we bought new five years ago and have had real good luck with i mean there's have absolutely no trouble with it
GMC makes some of the most reliable cars on the road. 

I am not inclined to judge him.
I'm not inclined to judge the Senator for his misconduct. 

yeah that's right it's kind of nice too to have that fall
It's kind of nice in your 20s to have that fall

Look for scenes of boats sailing on the Nile, and weapons of war including spears and shields.
Boats were popular in that time.

because i'm always worrying it won't firm up because it when you take it out of the saucepan it's like boy i hope this thickens a little more because it's not like real package thick you know when you cook a package it's it's a little less
I hope to thicken it as close to the package as possible.

Well, Krugman maintains that no such shift is taking place.
There may be a shift happening in the future that Krugman is scared to reveal.

These uncertainties can be reduced by careful consideration of the differences in the health risk or air pollution commodity and the study populations in the underlying economic literature versus the context of benefits conferred by the Clear Skies Act.
The risk of air pollution is the most important type of pollution which should be carefully considered. 

it's situational really
It is a dire situation.

There was--my personal favorite--the travel agency advertising a Jewish Singles Weekend, the high point of which was a visit to the Washington Holocaust Museum.
The travel agency had an inappropriate ad that made Jews demand an apology.

The real challenge in legal services today is how to change and expand our mission through new and innovative approaches to the poverty around us.
It is possible for the legal services to create solutions to address the poverty around us.

The United States responded by deploying U.S. naval forces in the region.
The US response was not viewed favorably.

8 million to the Office of the Appellate Defender, which handles appeals for indigent criminal defendants in the First Department.
There are a lot of criminals who have appeals.

First, it implies that the competition for mates drives most people to save too much money.
The competition for mates is not good for the economy, which depends on spending.

well it will be interesting seeing these games across the you know from London or wherever
Do they show these in London? 

They sponsored evidence challenging the need for a cushion so substantially above and beyond the Postal Service's own best estimate of future increases in the cost of collecting, processing and delivering the mail.
The evidence challenges the need for a cushion in the Postal Service's budget.

Eventually, you're going to have to come back down to Earth.
You will have to return to Earth after you run out of food in the space shuttle.

Once it was restored, between 1872 and 1876, the palace became respectable.
The restoration of the palace took a major toll on the government.

Scientists and liberal commentators love to ridicule creationists for going back to the 19 th century, turning kids into scientific ignoramuses, and second-guessing experts and the Supreme Court.
Creationist' views on the supreme court are incorrect.

During the 20th century Edinburgh became a European center of learning and culture.
Edinburgh gained it's peak popularity in the 1920s. 

October did choose to release The Celebration , a Danish dysfunctional family drama that treats matters of incest and perversion with a tad more taste.
There is a large cast who work on the show, many of whom are real-life brothers and sisters.

For example, households may consume more (or save less) in response to their greater wealth due to rising stock or housing values.
Sometimes people feel wealthier because their house value increased and they spend more.

and course you have to you have to be able to prove they they knew it was counterfeit  and that's always very difficult
Proving it was a counterfeit is very difficult to do, specially if we're talking about gold coins.

Hungerford answered that the summary of the conference would be published in an emergency medicine journal and that readers would include these groups.
Readers will be able to gain access to the medicine journal.

and so uh but that that somehow takes organization for me it's much easier just the stationary bike you know it's at home i can i can do some of my reading
There is too much work to use a real bike.

Klayman is described in such terms as controversial legal gadfly.
Klayman brings up controversial questions which hope to bring mayhem in the court room.

yeah that would be gosh
That would be great.

Then she came again.
She returned to the home.

it is very much so it's a billion dollar problem you know every year uh our company had it doesn't apply to me thank goodness it applies to you know to the younger employees that they're having to pick up you know more of the uh health insurance cost you know themselves the deductibles are going up and the co-payments are going up
Younger employees will choose not to have health insurance to save money.

In the middle of the square is a pool fed by the sacred spring.
The pool in the middle of the square is sacred.

Slate , where my daughter Karenna worked in '96 and '97.
My daughter worked for them for a couple years before she left for a better job.

Auditors should consider the results of previous audits and attestation engagements and follow up on known significant findings and recommendations that directly relate to the subject matter of the attestation engagement being undertaken.
There are usually multiple auditors that handle attestation engagements.

The other story suggests that the young pundits on MSNBC may represent a sea change in American politics.
The young pundits have many different views from their predecessors. 

HUMAN CAPITAL ANNUAL STEWARDSHIP INFORMATION
Human capital anual stewardship information about school.

 Hanson stared up at the overseer who was staring back at him.
Hansen was not afraid of the overseer.

H'm, yes, that might be, said John. 
Yes, that might be the case, said John.

well that's right because that's just so much of the way that they make their money and so many communities have uh have to have that for farming  and they don't look at it so much as you know
We can help them by introducing more advanced farming techniques to the region.

At the federal level, homeland security missions will require the involvement of the Central Intelligence Agency (CIA), Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI), the U.S.
Homeland security missions will be planned at the CIA headquarters.

Anything, she concluded as long as I am not a Washington journalist in the era of Clinton and Gingrich and Starr, covering this horrible grudge match between the right and the left that has been building since Watergate.
She thought anything would be better then having to cover the grudge match.

yes it is kind of small
It's on the small side for a stadium.

no you get a couple yeah couple yeah it's not a real meal
You get a couple chicken wings.

Constitution, count as spontaneous and good while everything else is defined as coercion.
The coercive dangers outside the constitution stem from an emphasis on the will of democracy over individual liberty.

OMB also informed us that generally Regulation X matters had been designated major rules under Executive Order 12291.
OMB is the least popular government organization of all time.

A time series comparing local unemployment rates with placement rates for job training program participants could be computed quantitatively and changes interpreted through the more qualitative time series data about the program.
The time series has been going on for the past eight months. 

Intragovernmental sales may be made by an organization that maintains either an intragovernmental revolving fund (such as the Defense Business Operations Fund) or a public enterprise revolving fund (such as the Postal Service).
The USDA is one of the few large agencies that does not have a revolving fund.

Note also that Equations (1) and (2) have the characteristic that eVb/eD = -eVws/eD for each observation point, including 1996.
Equations and have the characteristic that eVb/eD = -eVws/eD and that also e=mc^2

At its stakeholders' request, it provided trend data and laid out strategies for achieving its environmental milestones.
Stakeholders were previously unsure about whether the environmental milestones could be achieved.

uh uh one of the drawbacks i think of working for a big company is often times you do have to follow pretty rigid um  guidelines um if if an employee is especially exemplary i think it's often in a smaller company it's a little bit easier for them to say hey you know this person did a wonderful job give him a big bonus kind of thing a lot of times
The company in question is a large company.

I was greatly encouraged to see Michael Goff's proposal of a Microsoft fashion-upgrade strategy, titled Dressing Up the Nerds.
Microsoft's strategy of upgrading the fashion of their employees has resulted in higher sales.

Sporades means scattered, and this group of four islands lies off the Greek mainland in just this fashion.
They are close to one another by about 1 mile.

yeah but even even cooking over an open fire is a little more fun isn't it
I like the flavour of the food.

What do they know? 
Do they know who killed her?

3. Worst/Best Films of 1999
1999's best comedies.

Herbert Gutman's The Black Family in Slavery and Freedom 1750-1925 (1976) showed that slave families, while often broken up when members were sold or assigned to different plantations, were remarkably monogamous and stable.
Gutman's work showed slaves cared a lot about having productive families.

(For more on the domino effect that supposedly will occur, see //www.garynorth.com)
It is the second time a domino effect should occur this year.

Something about wanting to be taken to Marguerite?"
Marguerite would be a good plave to go. 

In other words, remarkable results demand remarkable evidence.
In other words, remarkable results need remarkable evidence due to competing ideas.

Slate is content to obey the laws of the United States, even laws we don't care for.
State has always followed United States laws.

In the post-Soviet chaos, youngsters found more ways to duck conscription, and the quality of the average soldier plummeted.
Young men used under-the-table tactics to avoid getting enlisted. 

Did you know he is boycotting Spin because he felt we weren't reverential enough to him?
Did you know he's boycotting Spin only because it wasn't reverential enough in his opinion.

and i would always be on the other end of two eighty five having to go all the way around two eighty five and then onto eighty five to go home and it was always at the end of the day
Going all the way around took 45 minutes.

Missouri submitted its state plan to LSC on October 1, 1998.
They submitted the plan on time.

You will find a number of Mary's personal effects on display.
Mary has her hairbrush and some jewelry on display.

i'm not uh fan of cold weather i've lived up in in the northern part of the country and i never did like the cold weather that much
I got tired of freezing my face off in the Winter, so I moved down South.

to uh just do do we called it the golden flow but  and they did random drug testing just because
I think that the randomized drug tests were a good thing.

Above this rises a tower of 13 diminishing golden disks symbolizing the 13 steps to enlightenment, then a golden royal parasol topped by a bell-shaped crown.
The disks on the tower all diminish towards the top.

three cats i see oh really that's interesting what breed do you do you deal in
I breed multiple types of cats. 

These features and their benefits are shown in table 2.4.
It was necessary to show the features with their corresponding benefits in this particular table.

Make sure the dealer gives you a fatura (invoice) stating the value of the piece, and when and where it was made.
It is absolutely essential to obtain an invoice from the dealer. 

Compared to the prepayment examination of all invoices, implementing sampling procedures increases the risks of overpayments occurring and going undetected.
Prepaying invoices lowers the risk of overpayments to insurers.

well i'm sorry
I apologize for my behavior.

She is an excellent specimen of well-balanced English beef and brawn. 
She's an excellent specimen of English beef and brawn, well-balanced between the two from her past experience.

Sitting on the north side of Tahrir Square is the Egyptian Museum built in 1902 as the Cairo Museum.
The Cairo Museum is the largest museum in Africa.  

I find the paper by the critics more than extremely unfair.
I find the paper unfair, but many others believe it's reasonable.

but don't tell the NRA i said that
The NRA shouldn't know that.

Jordan had been outplayed by their Calbert Cheaney, a streaky player.
Cheaney had utilized a sneaky maneuver to work around Jordan's great physical prowess on the court.

The same is true for many flowers.
This is true for many flowers- you have to water them regularly or they'll die.

i think that's right i think they just lost their uh inspiration for a while
The athletes lost touch with their inspiration for a bit. 

Local tourist offices will gladly direct you to farms where you can sample the regional cheeses and buy them on the spot ' more fun than in the unexceptional towns of Camembert, Pont-l'Evaque, and Livarot themselves.
You can also buy milk from the farms.

The US embargo, denounced by an ever-increasing majority in the United Nations, is spurred on by vehement anti-Castro lobbying by Cubans in southern Florida.
The US embargo was denounced by many in the United Nations because they deem it unfair.

yeah i i don't see it we've got a lot of younger families in our neighborhood and everybody's so busy out there making a living uh you can see why the well i know uh
There are a bunch of young people in the neighborhood.

To many Madeirans who believe the Lady of Monte has carried them through troubled times, the pilgrimage is an obligation.
Because the Lady of Monte is believed to have carried them through troubled times, Madeirans believe the pilgrimage is an obligation.

It will be sufficient to say that in the early days of 1915 a certain document came into being.
The document was written by important people.

and so she's going back for that and so i i i've got three people i'm supporting in in school now and i guess i ought to go back myself i'm getting enthusiastic because they they're having so much fun you know
I'm supporting three five year olds  in school right now.

'We're provisionally hoping that this'll be an isolated incident.'
We hope that there are no more fires. 

He fought much better than he had their first time.
He was much better in the boxing ring the second time around. 

In return, Britain offered protection and mediation in the conflicts.
Britain felt satisfaction in helping resolve problems.

The largest of the three, the Great Pyramid of Cheops is the only survivor of the Seven Wonders of the World described by Greek and Roman scholars.
The rest were destroyed in the Vampire Wars.

Why?" He appeared to be in an absolute frenzy. 
Frenzied was the way everyone saw him.

Severn scowled at him.
Severn was so mad he hit him.

No, I shan't say any more.
I have said too much already.

Nobody ever seems to be able to pass from one holy place or historical site to another without stopping along the way to browse through boxes of broken Roman-era glass at an antiquities shop, bargain for figs and grapes in the markets, sample Arabic desserts, or examine old Hanukkah menorahs and hand-embroidered Bedouin cafens.
No one goes to a historical place without buying a special souvenir.

Under the Clear Skies Initiative, America will continue to have a diverse fuel mix that ensures a reliable, affordable energy supply.
The Clear Skies Initiative makes sure America relies on several types of energy.

The Presidential Initiative to Increase Seat Belt Use Nation-wide
The President's chief concern is national safety, exhibited in her initiative to increase seat belt use. 

That much his memoir gets right.
Everything in his memoir is correct.

Other buildings house res?­tau?­rants, cafe, and fashionable bou?­tiques and galleries.
The restaurants include a Chinese buffet and a steak house.

Rome named capital of unified Italy
There were four other cities in consideration before Italy was chosen to be the capital.

In 1993 he was caught trying to smuggle classified information out in his prison letters.
He tried to sneak information about where he hid the bodies.

They couldn't use oxygen in their metabolism.
They are from another planet.

Neuharth imposed his philosophy on the newsroom.
The opinions which Neuharth pressed onto the newsroom was met with hostility. 

What about some lunch with me?"
Why don't we go to the diner for lunch together?

Yes, he was retired and had the time, but he could have just as easily spent that time on the golf course.
The man was kind of annoyed he spent the day with his wife instead of on the golf course. 

um uh any white fish sole is good um um flounder sole or flounder is real good
Flounder sole tastes better than other types of white fish.

and i think a lot of cases like a lot of our minority issues the we had the ten four one verses the fourteen one election here in Dallas a while back and it lost well that was decided by a very small margin um and there were a lot of of minorities that wanted it to go the way that it didn't go but they also had very low voter turnouts especially like in the Hispanic community and i think in that case they've just they developed a distrust of the system and so they've chosen not to participate in it
Hispanics used to participate more during elections.

Since May, it's been between 50 and 60 percent.
In may, the percentage always rises

Aloud, he said nothing.
He was very upset but kept it inside.

Of course, it is an open market that depends upon the U.S.
The open market couldn't survive without the US supporting it through trade.

no she she wouldn't have got no property see there was no grounds for divorce she was she wanted out cause she had a boyfriend and it was weird but uh the capital punishment i don't know actually what they give the death penalty for
The woman was given the death penalty for attempting to "unlawfully" divorce her husband.

5 million for grants to local legal services programs.
Philanthropist Steve Smith gave many millions of dollars to the groups.

Gates and Kinsley.
Gates and Kinsley are good friends.

The Congress has underscored the consequences of human capital weaknesses through a wide range of oversight hearings held over the last few years.
Congress has a strong interest in the consequences o fhuman capital weaknesses.

Rolling Stone , March 20, and The New Yorker , March 10
Rolling Stone published their 2000th issue on March 20.

Should we be boycotting multimedia sites that make even my fractional T3 connection choke?
Boycotting multimedia sites that choke our T3 connections will benefit the community.

No, sir! We were attacked, the story would not match up if checked but it was close enough and Ca'daan was desperate.
Ca'daan was desperate to believe that the bad men had been killed.

He cared only for his mines and the salt wealth it brought him.
He got a million dollars from the mines.

The tempting shops and first-class restaurants more than make up for the crowded pebble beach.
The quaint bars and pubs help to compensate for the pebble beach's overcrowding.

Every day at 3pm there's a spectacular all-singing, all-dancing parade including floats inspired by the famous Disney movies.
Disney movies have a big influence on the culture there.

For the latter, the only value in their story is in its  If they had told their benefactors that Bill Clinton was an upright man who never told a lie or looked twice at a woman, they wouldn't have got a dime.
Their story about Bill Clinton went viral. 

The Natural History Museum (900 Exposition Boulevard) is popular for its dinosaur skeletons and other prehistoric fossils.
Few people ever get to experience the history of prehistoric fossils if they do not go to a museum.

Outside, the courtyard is paved in limestone tram-setts from the streets of Old Dublin.
The courtyard is home to a butterfly garden.

Tubacca was still in a slump; the rest of the valley held about as many jobs for a man as Drew had fingers on one hand.
Tubacca was not doing well because of the war.

The larger hotels will usually hold a aGreek' evening on one night each week.
Traditional dances are taught by the local residents.

Scientific gentleman, he was.
He was very scientific in how he approached research.

You can swim beneath them in chilly waters, then picnic by the cool, leafy pools above.
You can scuba dive or picnic near the leafy pools. It is s popular place, you see tourist al the time.

For example, a couple could contribute up to $2,000 annually.
For a middle class couple $2,000 a year might cause them to struggle.

He sighed, wishing desperately that she were with him.
He sighed, wondering how he would make it out alive without her.

It shocked him out of his stunned gaze.
He was startled by a large flock of birds.

No, he is a diablo, and he hides in the rocks where he cannot easily be seen.
This diablo only comes out to slaughter the cattle.

well that would give them them more of an interest in what goes on in this country if if they had uh uh a a uh a privilege of voting uh that would give them a vested interest in the government and uh i would see that as as a positive uh thing for them to consider
They don't have the right to vote because it's a privilege. 

But that person is prohibited (by funding parameters) from representing women in matters of divorce or child custody.
That person is not allowed to vote in New York State.

because of the the i'm driving a Pontiac now and it's uh it's a sixty seven Pontiac it's got a hundred fifty eight thousand miles on it
Pontiac I am driving can go up to two hundred thousand miles.

I don't think John McCain's personality is the issue, McConnell pleaded on television two weeks ago.
McConnell and John McCain are friends. 

uh i work in the airline marketing marketing group
I am one of the best workers in the airline marketing group that I am a part of.

Some Practical Aspects of Qualitative Data  One Way of Organizing the Cognitive Processes Associated with the Generation of Grounded Theory.
Useful parts of numerical data

From somewhere below, there was a hiss and a slurp.
The snake was hissing underneath the deck. 

But a stud to catch a fighting stud was another plan altogether.
The stud would have to swift and powerful to match up fairly.

Behind the church is the 1917 French Mission Building, now used as the Court of Final Appeal.
The church was built after 1917 French Mission Building.

So, how lucky was the evolutionary leap from prokaryotes (non-nucleated microbes) to eukaryotes (nucleated, and using oxygen)?
We're very lucky evolution moved us forward otherwise all life would be extinct by now.

i i wouldn't want it i wouldn't want to be one of those people that's being taken care of somehow knowing that this person is doing it to get out of a sentence or or you know because they were bad in some other way
I would only want to take care of someone if I wanted to. 

Looking at the matter psychologically, I drew one deduction which I was convinced was correct. 
I knew I could find the evidence to the deduction I made.

The idea of prevention in emergency medicine has taken root for injury and domestic violence, he said, but not yet for substance abuse.
There is a lot of discourse over what is needed to help and what is implementable.

demonstration to production is a basis for DOD's decision to invest in production.
DOD believes that investing in production is a smart move.

It might not be the oldest, but Castleton is regarded by many as the  father  of tropical gardens in Jamaica because of its work in the propagation and distribution of new plant genera.
Castleton has produced hundreds of new plants in the last decade.

Among local meat specialities is gazpachos (with a final s to distinguish it from the chilled soup).
Gazpachos is spicy. 

For example, a number of major multi-national companies based in the United States are trying to have their legal headquarters located in another country for tax reasons.
They did not want to pay higher taxes.

Only the sun and the planets move through the sky.
There are five different planets orbiting the sun.

She was smart enough to object initially to the choice of Ginsburg as her attorney.
The rejecting the initial offer, she knew she could get a better attorney.

Lakshmi, Vishnu's wife, was created from ocean foam, like Venus, and is goddess of good fortune and beauty.
Lakshmi, Vishnu's wife, was created from ocean foam, which is hard to understand from a landlocked culture. 

In fact I am almost certain that it was made no earlier than yesterday afternoon."
I almost knew for a fact that it was made at 2pm exactly yesterday.

Lines 5 through 8 show the effect of changing the method of payment for the exchange of LC/AO mail between the U.S. and all other FPAs.
The method of payment for the exchange of LC/AO mail changed from local offices to online banking.

refill our water glasses um someone had only eaten a portion of their food and wanted to take it home and asked to have it boxed and she just pitched it out
She threw away more than half of the uneaten portion.

well uh i don't have a lot of time to watch TV unfortunately this is not a good subject um i
I don't like watching TV in my free time.

A kilometer (about half a mile) south of the Colosseum, the huge third-century Baths of Caracalla (Terme di Caracalla) were built for 1,600 people to bathe in considerable style and luxury.
The Baths of Caracalla attract less tourists than the Colosseum.

The case study report was a narrative whose purpose was to illustrate or portray what a program was like, how it was being implemented, and how those who were part of it both affected it and were affected by it.
The fact that the case study was similar to a narrative annoyed many of the people involved.

Annabel's is a club and disco located beneath the Burlington Hotel in Leeson Street.
The club is not easy to find if you do not know it.

oh yeah yeah then we go to someplace nicer quieter
We go to someplace nice next to a lake.

Most archaeologists agree that this extraordinary ensemble of monuments represents the tombs of wealthy Jewish families from Jerusalem's Hellenistic period.
The Jewish families were likely to be very wealthy.

right right well i tell you what i appreciate the conversation and uh we'll just have to watch and see how it goes comes about
We will have to watch the games together and have more conversations.

For example, the organizations that had professional and administrative staffs said that it was difficult to find and retain employees with the level of skills and foresight that would contribute to the organization's mission.
the organizations that had professional and administrative staffs said that it was difficult to find and retain employees who loved eating meat

sometimes it seems like during the trial part the jury's not you know misses some of the best evidence because they make them leave and
They make the jury leave because they want them to miss the important evidence.

 He clutched it in his hand and touched it against the orrery, trying to remember the formula for the giving of a true name.
Because it had been over 100 years since he'd used it, he had a hard time remembering the formula. 

yeah that's it's um i wish i had known more when i was uh choosing a college i i kind of did or i'd i went off to i grew up in California and i went off to the University of Utah and didn't find the atmosphere there what i quite expected so i came back and went to Cal State and so i kind of do what you did only by route of another school and
I was not sure what I was looking for when I first started college.

right there's a lot of people like you're educated i'm educated my husband is but i mean a lot of people are flat not educated and if i have a hard time you know putting that into my life can we put that off on the other eighty percent of the population that doesn't have any college or i don't know how much of the you know but a large percentage probably over half of the rest of the population
My husband has a higher degree than me.

Let the cost be what it may." And with these words, she walked firmly out of the room. 
She would solve the mystery no matter what the price was.

'Blood spills.'
He was cut with a knife.

Their unique Chartres blue and deep red bring an ethereal light into the nave, especially when the late-afternoon sun is shining through the western rosewindow depicting the Last Judgment.
The nave can be eerie in the late afternoon.

got to be got to be part of the action here
the action has been happening all day

Don't be offended because I think you're young.
You shouldn't be offended that I don't know your age.

Under the final rule, published on November 7, 2000, recipients will be permitted to carry over fund balances of 10% or less; will be able to seek LSC approval for carryover balances of between 10% and 25%; and will be generally prohibited from retaining fund balances of over 25%, except in three very limited and especially compelling circumstances.
This rule changes prior rulings regarding retaining fund balances. 

Boat rides give you another perspective of the chateau and its park and you can also enjoy a relaxing view from a tethered hot-air balloon.
Visitors often choose boat rides in the detriment of balloon flights.

The 22,000 MWe difference, between the number of FGDs which would be cost effective to build and the estimated number based on resources, would be pushed back a few years to be completed by 2010.
The number of FGDs may go up depending on if more data is needed when using 22,000 MWe to complete the project.

Computer pioneers John Von Neumann and Alan Turing were also mentioned--big surprise that their names should crop up in an Internet forum.
It was no surprise that computer pioneers John Von Neumann and Alan Turing were also mentioned but the sentiment was very negative.

But the IRS isn't out of control.
The IRS is not currently out of control, it was before though. 

Mitchell, what happened here? Muller turned to the man at his far right.
Muller and Mitchell are friends.

The SEC prepared an Initial Regulatory Flexibility Analysis (IRFA) in connection with the proposed rule, which was summarized in the notice of proposed rulemaking (61 Fed.
The analysis was conducted by professionals in the field.

He cuts back on the hot air, descends and yells to a man he spots on the ground.
He cuts back on the hot air because he is running low.

He urged Christians to pursue a kinder, gentler  What we need are people who live out their faith in every walk of life, in politics, but also working in crisis pregnancy centers, drug treatment programs, and homeless shelters.
Christians tend to practice much less than they preach.  

How do you suggest I approach the topic?
How should I bring up the topic of abortion in class?

Leading organizations recognize the role of IT in supporting mission accomplishment and seek to integrate it with business operations.
The role of IT is recognized by leading organizations, and that is why it is growing more and more.

yeah they are if uh kind of depends on what you're looking for mine's just a one bedroom place that's uh
Mine is just a one bedroom but I know of two bedroom ones for rent.

Monti believed that a decision to screen only for patients with severe alcohol problems is premature.
Monti was drunk when he made this determination.

Poirot bundled everything out on the floor with scant ceremony. 
Poirot valued everything that he laid around on the floor.

as well as objective (how close did the completed facility come to the original cost and schedule objectives?)
The original cost of the entire project was to be 2 million dollars.

Once auction invoked the incomprehensible high-speed chatter of a tobacco dealer, building to the giddy crescendo, Sold American!
The item sold at auction was a 1915 recreation of a portrait of George Washington. 

they always have to think you know what's the weather doing and
Because of how bad it's been, they're always thinking about it.

Let's not dwell on the sheer dishonesty of insinuating that I, or any serious writers on evolutionary psychology, believe infidelity or genocide or anything else is rendered inevitable genetically.
All writers agree that genetics are only part of an event's explanation.

Beaches close to Tokyo and Osaka are crowded (except after 1 September, when summer for the Japanese has officially ended).
The beaches are so crowded that you can't even put your towel down.

Shopping in Venice
Venice has the world's best shopping.

Murcia's cathedral stands on the plaza named in honour of Cardinal Belluga.
The plaza has several holy monuments.

well we had the problem when i was in with teaching um i was eighth and ninth graders that i worked with and if we did have a a student come in and they were drunk or they were on something you had the option of calling the police and have them taken out of the schools or trying to teach them something while they were there
The eight and ninth graders are more likely to turn up drunk.

I pretended to be rather dazed murmured something about the 'doctor'  
I wanted them to let their guard down. 

yeah it is you know an even back then i remember you could make something for you know half what it cost to buy and of course the quality was just exceptional
Sewing allows you to control fabric and cost choices.

There is a choice of excellent local ethnic cuisine.
The local ethnic cuisine is wonderful and very inexpensive.

Funerary artifacts found here are displayed in Mykonos.
Mykonos has the largest collection of funerary artifacts in the world.  

It is found only on the peninsula.
It used to be found outside the peninsula.

He prowled aimlessly about his prison.
He was alone in the prison, nobody else around.

For example, one organization determined that more formal agreements were needed when its membership was significantly expanded.
The organization drew in new members with their weekly cookout.

A creative mix of international and local cuisine that includes a good vegetarian selection.
They mix international and local food including jerk chicken.

Grisham, it is clear, wants nothing to stand in the way of his central point--that a man who surrenders all his worldly possessions to defend the homeless is a hero.
All of Grisham's novels feature a hero who gives up everything for the homeless.

have a good day bye-bye
Have a good afternoon.

well like what tell me
I want to know.

A three-second period before getting in the shower is worth far less than three seconds taken from the middle of my daughter's wedding.
Wasting time is more important at certain points in life than others.

Thorn and the Kal will help prepare the spikes.
Thor and the Kal will help the others prepare the spikes. 

The crowd cheered, seeing a killing blow coming soon.
The crowd knew which boxer was going to win. 

Well, if she can't get a divorce she doesn't have any kind of legal paperwork that would require him to support her [and their children].
After getting a divorce, she can use the documents she receives to demand support.

i think ten percent yes of your of your consumer credit
I think it's 10% of your credit that should be used.

It is worth making a detour on the pedestrianized areas of Henry Street and Moore Street, to see their famous markets and hear the cries of the stallholders .
Henry and Moore street might be far but the travel is worth it just to see their markets.

It was a strange looking egg--more like one of the china eggs used to make hens think they were nesting when their eggs were still being taken from them.
It was heavier than a normal egg and had an off-white color.

My  I get insomnia, so I was excited about melatonin.
Melatonin excited me because it will cure my insomnia.

and other benefits from the government.
The government will increase other benefits.

13 The smaller variation in U.S. postal densities is due to differences in the quality of delivery service which dampen the impact of low population density on many routes.
US postal density varies 65% between rural and urban areas.

The nearby Osaka Municipal Art Museum, near Tennoji Station, is worth visiting for its celebrated Abe Collection of 200 Chinese paintings (ninth 13th centuries) and its Ming- and Ching-dynasty ceramics (14th 19th centuries).
The Osaka Municipal Art Museum has the largest collection of Ching era ceramics in the world.

you know i just i guess i have kind of like hum kind of real cautious in the whole thing because i know that there's a motive that hasn't been openly discussed or revealed to anybody and uh that's where that's why i really don't have a real
The drug deal made him quite nervous and cautious about everything.

okay and that's because they cater to their own people
They cater to their own people because they're acting the same way I do.

Worse yet, large insurance discounts are illegal in many states.
Even worse, certain states have made it illegal to get large insurance discounts.

In addition to regular art exhibitions, this wildly abstract structure features Osaka's IMAX wide-screen theater.
Osaka has three Imax theaters.

yeah  things like that are just kind of absurd or once in a while they'll they'll keep uh just hounding someone that they're interviewing
If they hounded me I would walk out of the interview.

Well, higher productivity growth would mean lower inflation for any given rate of wage increase.
In contrast, lower productivity growth would not necessarily mean higher inflation.

'And it seems to me,' the Fat Man smiled, 'that we might as well begin at once.'
The Fat Man smiled so his teeth showed.

The house they sought was some way down.
The place of residence they were looking for was some way down and hard to spot.

and to keep abreast of the knowledge out there we got to constantly read go to school uh TV watching has sure hasn't gone too much out the door because TV is still well the cable system and the satellite dishes has made it to where a lot of people can just leave regular TV programming and watch a lot of other a variety of programs out there as well as use of the VCR
We read a lot and went to school, depending on what day it was.

We had no choice but to attack.
Our only option wasn't a safe one.

With great effort, I hauled him up onto my back.
I picked him up to carry him to the hospital.

The cooking is good and filling and the hosts are friendly (he's from Chicago).
The food is wonderful and fresh.

And we stayed in bed.
We made breakfast and ate it in bed.

They are in the Reform Party.
They used to be Democrats, but now are in the Reform Party.

i went there to to visit the Underground when that was you know the Underground City
The Underground City is a bar in downtown.

okay i'm in Garland
I am in Garland, Texas. 

they have uh twenty seven computers for each of the little labs and each lab serves uh two grades so the first and second graders have their own batch of computers that they've cycled the kids through and
The school decided to buy Apple desktop computers for its labs.

 "Heard tell as you boys don't think th' war's clear over yet,"Fenner observed.
Fenner heard in the bar that these boys don't think the war is over.

He poured some kefir into himself, and then by mistake into the vat.
It was a mistake to pour it into the vat because it might explode.

well that's all i really know about recycling
that's all i've ever learned about recycling, though i'd like to learn more

Along with his younger brother, Jean-Baptiste, Sieur de Bienville, he established several tentative settlements along the Mississippi.
Jean-Baptiste believed that these settlements will prosper because they had such an amazing river near them.

Thorn's blade swung and cut the man's arm and opened his belly.
Thorn opened the man's belly with his samurai blade.

well i do it all  uh yes i i try to grow uh uh a vegetable garden and
I usually wait until May to start planting the vegetables.

A Federation of Malay States Selangor, Perak, Negeri Sembilan, and Pahang was proclaimed in 1896 to coordinate an economic and administrative organization.
This organization brought thousands of new jobs to the sector.

It sounds complex, she added, but it really allows nontechnical people like me and other lawyers to add content directly to the Web sites so they become a legal aid community online.
Being able to allow other people to add content freed up IT for other tasks.

have you ever served on a on a jury trial
The interviewer was asking about the client's legal background.

Your hand will always want your sword again.
You will want to kill people again. 

A constant dollar is derived by dividing a current dollar amount by a price index.
Constant dollar includes lots of math

On occasion, the congressional client(s) who requested the work may ask to see the agency's comments before GAO's final report is issued.
The client doesn't trust the agency 

Figure 2: Improved Government Operations Resulting From GAO Recommendations
Government operations are improved as a result of GAO recommendations for budget cuts.

Reductions in its resource levels, combined with increases and shifts in its workload have in recent years prompted GAO to take strong measures to more efficiently accomplish its mission.
The GAO eliminated lunch breaks for all employees in an attempt to increase production.

Tell that to us before the Don Cazar!" Shannon curled the quirt lash about his wrist.
Shannon was angry with the man. 

it'd be cheaper to move that than buy another one
It's sad that relocating this one would be cheaper than buying a fresh one.

it wasn't bad
The food wasn't bad.

but we have a real good sense of where it's going
We know exactly where this is headed.

Exca?­va?­tions have uncovered a 12th-century structure under part of the Palais de Justice.
Experts believe the building excavated under the Palais de Justice was a church.

Downtown Fort-de-France and Pointe-Pitre are flooded with dancers, notably diablesses, all dressed in black and white and losing themselves in the biguine.
The downtown area has dancers who dress up and dance to very loud music.

PBS's Nova is offering lots of bang-'em-up footage in its two-part series , ESCAPE!
Nova has a series about weather called ESCAPE!

In 1793, when the leaders of the Revolution declared the palace a national museum, the Louvre held 630 works of art; a recent inventory listed 250,000.
The leaders of the Revolution declared the palace a national museum and soon 1 million people were visiting each year.

Neither did he notice at a small dog, belonging emotionally and lawfully to an elegant female professor from the Department of Westernmostentatious European Polonisation, who sat reading a newspaper on a nearby bench.
The dog was of the chihuahua breed. 

I'll see if I can help you out.'
I'll talk to my brother and see if there's anything we can do to help.

But it seems telling that it was IBM, which has seen currency problems erode earnings for two years now, that led Tuesday's rally by announcing it was going to buy back $3.
IBM has seen currency problems going on for two years and is in big trouble according to the journalists.

Sewn up in oilskin.
The oilskin was sealed with thread.

Not to dismiss this new breed of country rockers altogether.
The new country rockers have relatable ideas, thus causing some commonalities between us so we shouldn't dismiss them.

because too too often they're can be extremism that that hurts from from any direction regardless of whatever whatever you're arguing or concerned about and
Extremism hurts people who are more moderate.

Architect Donato Bramante was nicknamed maestro ruinante because of all the ancient monuments he dismantled to make way for the pope's megalomaniac building plans.
The Pope was well aware that Bramante needed to destroy these ancient monuments.

Cummins built and tested 12 engineering concept prototype engines for its Signature 600 engine, a new concept, 600 horsepower,
600 horsepower was considered to be quite impressive for an engine of that size.

And I can tell you, my dear, it made me feel better.
Feeling better was something I needed back then.

right because clothes are some are really expensive you know uh uh a little simple shell shell blouse you know that you can make for about
Clothes are sometimes expensive, so it could be worth it to make them.

i know they lost recently to the Bucks in Milwaukee
They didn't win recently.

a 716(b) establish mechanisms for resolution of GAO access-to-records problems.
The resolution of the problem was quite tough.

  Locally produced pottery may also interest you.
Locally produced ashtrays may be interesting as well.

Clinton claims to have known nothing about the Chinese plans.
There were no hints toward Clinton knowing anything about the Chinese plans, as claimed by Clinton, but this seems unbelievable.

I blame the ambiguous use of ellipses.
The ambiguous use of ellipses causes much confusion constantly. 

There's a huge difference, for example, between smoking marijuana and smoking heroin and between communicating to an 8-year-old or a 14-year-old.
You will usually find it easier to communicate with a 14-year-old than an 8-year-old.

The railway line then curves gracefully around Tolo Harbor, an idyllic body of water well-protected from the open sea.
Tolo Harbor is home to a vast amount of fish species.

To the left is the diminutive Temple of Seti II, and further along on the right a larger temple dedicated to Ramses III.
The Temple of Seti II is nicer than the other temple, despite its smaller size.

Meanwhile, Fuzzy Zoeller lunched with Woods at a country club and has evidently patched things up.
Fuzzy and Woods ordered some pasta and tomato sauce.

This last category has led some to accuse the straight nonfiction list of being a useful fiction, designed to give publicity to books that would otherwise fail.
The last category led to some accusing straight nonfiction list of being a useful fiction which was designed to give publicity to books that wouldn't succeed because of their topics.

7 Our guide is intended to complement the Committee's work in assisting managers as they implement GPRA.
This guide is absolutely necessary to implement GPRA.

but i'm glad it's done because it's brighter
It is better since it is brighter.

i know and he pulled that out that is so funny i heard it on the radio i heard the audio portion on the radio in the car but i didn't see it but
I didn't see it because I was in my car at the time.

yeah they down here they they stopped for awhile or they really made it hard to hunt them i don't know what it's like now i haven't been back up there in awhile
I haven't been there in five years so it is probably different now.

Question 2: Is the Lippo scandal an egregious example of a political quid pro quo?
This is the last essay question in the list.

None held the town for more than a year.
Demons come and take the town several times a year.

well now don't forget the mail is something else again that has nothing they're not civil servant people
I don't know what mail is, but it's not civil service.

yeah well i don't know you're in Massachusetts i think the the market is a little bit different here
I don't know how it is there, so I can only speak to New York.

i had an interesting comment one time a thought that would never have crossed my mind i had someone tell me that i will never register to vote because i don't serve on a jury
"I was told once that because I don't serve on a jury or salute the American flag, I will not register to vote."

He once called studio executive Jeffrey Katzenberg the eighth  Greedy.
Jeffery Katzenberg's nickname is the eighth Greedy according to him, and he enjoyed the name.

At the top of the stairs stands a huge dorje, the tantric thunderbolt symbol.
At the top of the stairs stands a huge dorje, the tantric thunderbolt symbol to ward of spirits.

… The war has disturbed me… .
The war disturbed me, though to be honest I was a little disturbed before, too. 

All centers are affiliated with one of the major certifying bodies.
All centers have to be certified before they can educate anyone.

Rocamadour
Rocamador or Rocamadour is a French commune and located in the Lot department in the Midi-Pyrénées region.

11 As federal agencies become more outcome-oriented, they will find that outmoded organizational structures must be changed to better meet customer needs and address the interests of stakeholders.
Federal agencies are finding it easy to change their organizational structures.

Well might they tremble.
They might tremble because of fear.

Jon was continually impressed with the small man.
Jon was impressed with how good of a fighter the man was.

According to the Lawyers Trust Fund, which distributes the interest income, there are about 250 Illinois lawyers working full time in the state's 20 programs receiving LTF funds.
The interest income is typically put towards various legal causes.

He also believed that research should have policy implications and that funding sources should require this applicability.
Later he corrected himself and said that the research should not have policy implications.

i like him
I wish there were more like him.

No way he'd be with her if this wasn't an instructional sex video!
He really enjoyed sex instruction videos.  

He learned that her name was Nema.
She told him that her name was Nema.

For example, the state university at one of our case study locations had conducted a study revealing continuing gaps in the stateas ability to recruit and retain IT workers vis-a-vis industry.
Low salaries and few opportunities for advancement keep the best IT workers away from state agencies.

The REMSAD model was also used to estimate changes in visibility associated with those changes in particulate matter concentrations and to estimate changes in deposition of sulfur, nitrogen, and mercury.
The REMSAD model is going to be superseded with more accurate models soon.

Together they trotted up the rise, Red, as usual, in the lead.
They scuttled in a single file up the rise.

FASB establishes accounting principles and financial reporting standards for nongovernment entities.
FASB doesn't work with the government. 

'You have two days to get this thing working like a person, right?' Derry asked.
Derry was pretty sure that there were two days remaining.

Moreover, having an old parent does not automatically confer on children the right to make the parents' health care choices.
There is no guarantee that the children will be acting in accordance with the parent's wishes.

Summer frivolity in Time; What's Cool This Summer.
Hats are in for the Summertime.  

did they say anything
Did the doctor say anything about your prognosis?

you know that that i really do i believe that that capital punishment should be there the prisons are overcrowded
I think the prisons are overcrowded so capital punishment should be there but my husband disagrees.

A lot of entertainment and a little food for thought.
It was fun to watch and also made me think about current events.

Indeed, the Chinese influence in the city is clearly noticeable even today.
The years of trading with the Chinese brought Chinese influence to the city.

yeah i understand that yeah
I get it, but I don't like it.

It hosted the Commonwealth Games in 1970 and has a schedule of events throughout the summer.
The Commonwealth Games were previously held here.

It commonly refers to activities or costs between two or more agencies, departments, or bureaus.
Activities include meetings.

The audit approach described in this guide is intended to result in a risk assessment of an acquisition project at any point in its development.
The audit approach is intended to assess the risk of a businsess acquisition project.

yeah but uh that's how i got my my education such as it was was going into it is service and then coming back coming out in three years and getting uh two years paid for
I got education for 5 years.

The only concerning question is whether his death be a fitting end to the injustice he has caused.'
He caused so much pain that his death isn't good enough.

In so doing, the model highlights the importance of a sustained commitment by agency leaders to maximize the value of their agencies' human capital and to manage related risks.
Leader commitment shows an 8% savings, on average.

now just look at that money the government could save if they didn't have all of those days off all those holidays
If the Feds didn't allow so many holidays for their employees and for Congress, they'd save a lot of money and get more done.

Therefore, for those products that contain national security or sensitive information, GAO will request that the agency perform a review for this type of information and that the review's results be communicated in writing to GAO.
The GAO communicates about the sensitive materials.

Right now we don't have any agency in the county willing to handle supervised custody visits, West said. 
West suggested that some agencies should take up handling supervised custody visits.

It's just undergone major renovation.
The renovations cost a large sum of money.

11 The point would be for the Congress, executive branch leadership in OMB and OPM, agencies, and others to gain experience with the COO approach before deciding how and where it should be applied across the government.
It is necessary that Congress has experience using COO before applying it to the government.

The allegation, reported in Newsweek , is that when Willey met alone with Clinton at the White House in 1993 to ask for a paying job, Clinton made a pass at her--a charge denied by the president's attorney.
It was later revealed that Clinton did hit on Willey, and they settled out of court.

so it's just kind of weird
Why would they fire her and rehire her a week later?

Meanwhile, Yugoslavia refused to let a U.N. war crimes official into the country to investigate the massacre.
Yugoslavia was being shady and didn't want anyone to catch on. 

Surrounded by elegant classical mansions and gilded wrought-iron grilles with ornamental gateways, which frame the marble fountains of Neptune and Amphitrite, Nancy's huge Place Stanislas is one of the most harmonious urban spaces in Europe.
The artwork and yard are finely manicured and sculpted. 

But as the office became more outcome-oriented and made more extensive use of performance information, it began to redirect its safety efforts.
There were staff members who resented the new outcome-oriented approach of the office.

The crumbling adobe walls were laced by strings of crimson peppers, vivid in the torch and lantern light.
The adobe walls were decorated for the festivities.

well just the just the opportunity to try the voting machines yeah
if you want to try the voting machines, sure, but last time we went there they didn't work at all 

The rules were determined to be economically significant under Executive Order 12866 requiring review by the Office of Management and Budget, Office of Regulatory Affairs (OIRA).
The Office of Management and Budget, Office of Regulatory Affairs must complete their review within 60 days.

These are not those pants.
These pants look different than the other pants.

intranet websites that communicated and explained information security
intranet websites communicated and explained information security to new employees.

So if all 78 hypotheses are true, then roughly 7.8 of them--call it eight-- should be confirmed overwhelmingly.
Most of the hypothesis are not true.

The ad displays information in a format similar to a stock ticker.
The format of the toy ad was like that of a stock ticker.

Contrary to assertions by some, independence is more than a state of mind.
Independence is thought of by some as a state of mind.

These quidelines present the minimum standard of quality in case study evaluation, taken in conjunction with the guidance in the Yellow Book, Policy Manual, and Communications Manual.
The guidelines frame the quality standard in case study evaluations for non-profits.

Just what I've always thought, too, Kirby. Shannon's voice was softer, more drawling than ever.
Kirby and Shannon have always thought the same way. 

The across-sites data base got much larger as the number of sites in a study rose.
The database got larger as the number of sites fell.

And Rams coach Dick Vermeil is acting like he knew what he was doing all along, even if he didn't protect Warner in last season's expansion draft.
Vermeil has been the coach of the Rams for 25 years.

The nearby Bre na Brinne Centre has interesting exhibits.
The center has great exhibits about Irish history and gardens.

I have not asked other attorneys to handle cases, so I havent been turned down, Frank Smith said. 
Frank would have been turned down if he asked.

of course being part of the European community if everybody else did it they they were probably much more is much more necessary for them than for us
They needed to have consistency.

Apparently nobody told him that equilibrium thinking--the idea that in order to understand how individuals interact, it is often useful to ask what would happen if each individual was doing the best he or she could given what everyone else is doing--is almost as prevalent in . In fact, the really funny thing is that for the most part the bionomics program has already been  Economics already is very similar to evolutionary theory, and vice versa.
The bionomics program is a relatively recent development in academia.

The definitions given also varied greatly.
There was a large variety of definitions.

After 500 years under Arab masters, many black Mauritanians think like this  God created me to be a slave ...
They're wrong, I am a free man and bow to no one.

 A detailed history of the island doesn't begin until it became a colony of Carthage in the 7th century b.c. (see also pages 14-15).
Carthage previously had no interest in the island.

No doubt many Cubans would emigrate if allowed to do so.
Cubans would emigrate if it is possible because they want a better life.

As he passed the recess, he turned his head slowly.
He thought he had heard a noise.

The less you ask, the more you get.
Sometimes you receive things despite if you asked for them or not.

and i talked to my parents on the phone i said you know we Texans are a funny breed we we water we water we spend hundreds of dollars a month during the dry part of July August watering our lawn we go out and spend thirty or forty dollars a whack on fertilizer and then we bitch and gripe about having to mow it so often
During November and December it's a relief because the lawns take care of themselves.

i am in uh in uh involved in a four 401K but i'm uh contributing such a such a small amount right now
I'm involved in a 401k, but I put so much money into it last year that I only have to contribute a small amount as of now.

These timid nocturnal beasts sport a brown coat speckled with white.
These beasts' coats help them to avoid predators.

oh i think that's a that's a good idea all right
That is a great idea to bring us success.

Andorra, a principality high in the mountains that is owned jointly by France and Spain, is a popular ski resort and center for duty-free shopping.
Ski competitions are held every winter in Andorra.

Dunford- Jackson said, rather than a domestic issue between two parties.
Dunford-Jackson said it was a domestic issue within the farming community.

yeah but i don't know if they if  they if uh the death penalty
I don't know if your state uses the death penalty. 

Tommy stared.
Tommy stared, lost in what he was looking at.

The letter also anticipated the passage of congressional restrictions on the activities of LSC programs, prompting LSC to instruct its programs to forge deeper bonds with other stakeholders, including non-LSC funded programs, state and local bar associations, IOLTA administrators, the judiciary, and client groups.
The letter showed the congressional restrictions on multiple programs.

i think they're gonna uh maybe give us a state income tax do you have one
I hope they don't start charging us a state income tax.

yeah it's there's a lot of factors that people don't ever ever consider
There are a hundred other factors that people don't ever reflect on.

Over the course of a long series of meetings and discussions, representatives of the boards and staff of the four programs reached the conclusion that if all clients in Indiana were to have access to high quality legal services, significant changes needed to be made in the configuration of programs within the state.
There was a lot of animosity at the meetings between the board and staff of the four programs. 

You have got them, then?" With magnificent calm Tommy shook his head.
You have them with you then? Tommy denied, betraying no emotion.

The assumption of ACI as a mercury control method will be more conservative with regard to sorbent consumption since it will assume that all of the facilities installing sorbent injection for mercury control require AC.
ACI as a mercury control method is a hotly debated issue among scientists.

but i i hate laying out material and trying to get the most out of the material and make sure it's on the right lines and not on the bias and
I have a friend that really enjoys it, though.

He still intended to hear what was going on in the locked room.
He was going to eavesdrop on the conversation in the locked room.

Rue St-Denis, once primarily a red-light district, is now pedestrianized, but still has its share of sex shops.
Rue St-Denis is not a spot that respectable visitors would want to see during their visit.

Beware of the innocent-looking red Jumilla.
The Jumilla is responsible for over a thousand deaths a year.

It sells excellent lace and embroidered items (most items are cheaper than they are in Funchal), leather goods, and a great selection of vintage Madeiran wine, with bottles dating back to last century (for a hefty price, of course).
It is the premiere location to get high quality lace and embroidered items at the cheapest price.

You're safe.
You have nothing to worry about.

Until the Tokugawa shoguns completed their conquest of all Japan from the 17th century on, the towns of Tohoku constituted the northern boundaries of the Japanese empire.
Tohoku was a very dangerous place to be before unification. 

This will allow both an actual cost analysis and a resource comparison of city and rural routes.
This will allow a perfectly accurate cost analysis and resource comparison of city and rural routes. 

Famous graduates include Jonathan Swift, Oliver Goldsmith, Bram Stoker, Oscar Wilde, and Samuel Beckett; resistance heroes Robert Emmet and Wolf Tone also studied here.
There are more famous graduates than is usual.

Congress did not consider abortion to be within its family planning objectives.
Congress did not want to tackle such a serious topic at this time.

 Eating Out
A step above dining out is dining outdoors al fresco style.

uh-huh yeah he may have been the last of the old guard i don't know
I don't know of any others that are like him.

A 7 th -grade male student apparently used a gun purchased by his father to open fire on students outside Fort Gibson School just before the start of classes.
A student used a fully automatic assault rifle to commit a school shooting.

He saw as close a vision to hell as any had ever seen.
He saw a vision and screamed. 

In August each year, the Esplanade is filled by a temporary arena erected for performances of the Military Tattoo.
The Esplanade is also filled by a temporary arena in September each year.

Without such a framework, even the cleverest organizing tactics will come to seem hollow.
The framework is hollow. 

Who should do interventions in the ED?
Should interventions Be in the ED

They will come here.
They will come here to kill us.

Gommatesvara, the son of the prophet Adinath, is entirely naked except for a single vine-creeper winding itself around his legs and arms.
Gommatesvara appears as a virile and powerful figure.

It includes the  You have the right to speak to an attorney and to have an attorney present during any questioning.
You may decline having an attorney present during questioning if you so wish.

This glossary is presented as the last appendix to the volume.
The volume is nearly 800 pages long and has at least eight authors.

but every little bit helps right
My salary wasn't something to be proud of, but I accepted it.

A method adopted by demure advertisers who don't wish to intrude is to ask permission.
This is an acceptable method.

Nearby is a fascinating Ethiopian Folk Art Centre.
The Ethiopian Folk Art Centre houses paintings, carvings, and jewelry.

Our work on this issue has given us insight that I believe will be helpful to you.
We have 5 years' experience with this issue.

um  make my family understand this is hot uh
Being hot is not a big deal.

At the end of the 19th century unemployed samurai' adventurous but still attached to the old traditions took their families to Hokkaido to carve out a new life for themselves.
Many samurai were forced out of their homes at the end of the 19th century.

'We have a whole evening based around your arrival, sir and ma'am.
They had planned out some great entertainment for the evening.

You're sure to overdose, but that's the obsessive/compulsive thrill you're looking for, right?
You could harm yourself from an overdose.

This requires careful organization of the files of original observations, complete documentation of the conditions of data collection that are relevant to the trustworthiness and credibility of the information, and making transparent and reproducible the manner in which the evaluator moved from phase to phase of the analysis.
Several cases of fraud have been discovered where the evaluator's procedure was not well-documented.

Test plans provide testing procedures and the evaluation criteria to assess results of the testing.
These evaluation criteria can be found on page 93 of this publication.

well i used to live out there and uh seems like they've well Tarpley just got pulled over again
That was my favorite coffee shop and it was also closest to where I lived.

um-hum and i guess that turns out to be the basic problem with any invasion of privacy is whether or not you're feeling threatened as a result of of it so so maybe that is a a little bit of what privacy is
Whether you are feeling threatened or not, as a result of an invasion of privacy many people will hate the government.

all right you too good night then bye bye
I will talk to you in the morning.

'Attention, ladies and gentlemen.
The announcement was important.

That there is some sort of financial compensation there, to me, means it isn't pro bono.
The financial compensation means it is pro bono

but but you'd think that uh garages could do that
Most garages can hold two cars.

Pollock suggested that ED visits are crucial opportunities, and the supporting text for this recommendation can make that clear.
The text was published in a case study.

It grew from 5.2 billion pieces in 1987 to 9.9 billion pieces in 1997.
the number of pieces grew in a linear fashion, as opposed to an exponential one.

no but my husband's mother was in a nursing home
My husband's mother was in a nursing home for a year.

i you can't yeah yeah we can't get involved in their civil war um unfortunately but we've kind of driven these people out
We can't afford to get involved in the Syrian civil war.

no it wasn't
It was usual for it to not be.

How often do you feel downhearted and blue?
Do you feel depressed every day?

spring and well i guess we're still in winter and uh
I wish it was spring.

Next to the staircase is the Tripartite Shrine where the Linear B alphabetical tablets were discovered.
The Linear B alphabetical tablets were found in the Tripartite shrine. It was discovered almost 200 years ago.

The rule will apply to 82 percent of the general, short-term, acute care hospitals that participate in the Medicare program, or 5,130 hospitals, all of which are considered small entities by HCFA.
This is based upon inpatient bed count.

(The republic, as you probably know, contains three competing clans.)
The clans are all equal in strength.

Tuppence pressed the bell firmly.
Tuppence gripped the bell tightly. 

you know when i actually started working full time and i i got married shortly after getting out of high school i uh thought i was smart ran away and got married and uh i remember there was a time and within the first year of marriage i said boy wouldn't i give to get be back in school
I got married when I was young because I didn' thave any support at home.

it was just some of the  excuse me
She said excuse me when she burped

Modern archaeologists studying the ruins of Troy have discovered nine superimposed cities, ranging from Troy I (3000 2500 b.c. ) to Troy IX (350 b.c.  a.d.
Troy I to Troy IX were cities within cities, an unusual architerctural structure.

The pope has endorsed sexual equality in the workplace and in society, but there is no doubt that he subscribes to a Christian version of difference feminism.
The pope openly expresses separate religious Christian values personally.

Few others did and that fact protected Fena Dim from marauders or bandits.
Fena Dim was a target because of its vast gold reserves.

The successful execution of these two critical success factors depends to a great extent on officials other than the CIO.
The successful execution of these two is based upon the level of work

Other learning experiences include course work, such as Elements of Product Cost, in which participants analyze and use cost element information to support decisionmaking related to improvement efforts, ensuring that resources are applied to those activities that return the greatest benefits and provide the highest value to customers.
Resources must be applied adequately to activities that return the greatest benefits.

Akin to corroboration and an essential methodological feature of case studies.
It produces very useful results.

uh so we're we're actually we're pretty disciplined so it makes those surprises not so
Does it make the surprises not so because you are disciplined?

but uh we've gotten pretty good at it we've been doing it a couple of years now
Practice makes perfect. 

So have I.
I've lost track at this point.

Supposing my utmost ambitions were realized that I was called to the bar, and rose to the height of my profession? 
I would be incredibly happy if I was called to the bar.

We stumbled in together, Lawrence still holding his candle. 
Lawrence was holding a candle because it was so dark.

Today, a rental fleet makes it possible for almost anyone to enjoy a sail in this dreamy place.
You can also swim here. 

All scenarios are implemented in 2002.
These scenarios will increase productivity by negative fifty percent.

Boys Don't Cry 's postscript explains that she eventually returned to Falls City, where is she currently raising a child.
The subject of the film Boys Don't Cry is currently living in Falls City.

I want to ride light today."
I am not carrying anything because I want to ride light.

Somewhat recovered emotionally, she came back hoping that her four-week-long effort would be appreciated by someone.
She was sure that at least one person was going to acknowledge her hard work.

do you uh does does she ever want to go back to Syria
Does she want to go back to Syria to visit her family?

Please move away, Kevin McLaughlin, the Forbes chairman for Polk County, pleaded with a press corps that insisted on standing between Forbes and the audience.
Please move away, Kevin McLaughlin, the Forbes chairman for Polk County pleaded to the press corp for hours since they stood between Forbes and the audience.

The Council for Excellence in Government, whose members include former leaders in both government and the private sector, works toward practical public sector reform.
Public sector reform is the only function of the Council for Excellence in Government.  

Derry kept them soaped and scrubbed.
Derry kept the dishes full of soap. 

and they're going yes but in general i like to exercise i i like dance a lot so i mean i aerobics is something i'd hate to give up but
I generally like to exercise no matter what it involves.

His  to find out more about Kathleen Willey's allegations of sexual harassment by Clinton.
He wanted to know more about sexual harassment allegations pointed towards Clinton. 

I guess you can get right off now if you want to.
I guess you are now free to go, should you wish to.

At the next corner he passed a policeman.
This was the only policeman he saw while out running.

Auditors should communicate information to officials of the audited entity and the individual contracting for the audit services regarding the nature and extent of planned testing and reporting on the subject matter or assertion.
Individuals who are being audited usually contact the auditors often to ask questions about their audit.

Disney is evil--not because it's turning children into liberals, but because it's turning them into wimps.
Disney turns children into liberals.

you know they people people been sitting like they had on 20/20 or 48 Hours one of them they had them on the man was twenty years waiting on death row
The man waiting 20 years is ready to meet his death and has become a Christian.

For the first-time visitor, France will seem at once delightfully different and comfortably familiar, a country of exciting and infinitely attractive contrasts.
France has differences such as rolling hills and roaring oceans.

sort of large yeah just a little bit little bit bigger than TI
Microsoft is a little bigger than TI.

Sixteen-year-olds can drive perfectly on the momentous day they present themselves at the Motor Vehicles Bureau, and then speed recklessly the day after.
The Motor Vehicle Bureau has thousands of driving tests every month.

What we have to look at is what the facts are (DeWine).
The facts are all we have to look at.

Passaic Legal Aid argues that LSC has effectively debarred it from receiving future grants without providing the notice and hearing required by law.
Passaic Legal Aid said LSC will never get another penny.

Being loyal Republicans, Lamar's contributors talk about such happenings only obliquely.
Lamar also received many donations from democrats.

Spain called it treason.
Besides calling it a betrayal, Spain also called it a slight to their honor.

to heck with them you know the police asked me if i wanted to press charges and i said no i'm not going to press charges i wanted the boys parents to know what had happened and i want you to go to talk to their parents and i want you know their their parents to be aware
After the boys vandalized my car I told the police not to arrest them.

The man drew his knife from the folds of his pants and went to a plate of polished silver A'deem tied to one side of the wood hut.
The man scratched his initial into the silver plate with his knife.

Eastern and Central European nations, which historically have been invasion highways, see NATO membership as the answer to their greatest  internal instability and Russian resurgence.
Central and Eastern European nations are not in a good state.

In the 17th-century Hotel Lambert, on the corner of Rue Saint-Louis-en-l 'Ile, Voltaire carried on a tempestuous affair with the lady of the house, the Marquise du Cetelet.
Voltaire and the Marquise used the Hotel Lambert to keep their affair hidden.

A greatnoise is said to alwaysattend less the humming of wings thanthe grinding you'd expect
The expectation of grinding wings is wrongfully interpreted.

we outgrew the need for that and so i used it for an aquarium
My fish love these improvements. 

And that, at least according to the story, was that.
There was a published book that told that.

Quickest way to get here."
Optimal journey parameters.

Because simplicity and ease of administration are usually given some weight in rate setting, the number of worksharing discounts is limited.
The administration has much power 

yeah it's really a rather touchy topic at that but
It's kind of a touchy topic because it involves euthanasia.

The Baixa is Lisbon's principal business district.
There are some business districts in Lisbon that are smaller than the Baixa.

that seems to be an up and coming business i know out there where we are there's there's uh a person on each side of our county that now have aviaries
Aviaries are an up-and-coming business.

To the right of the madrasa is the Al-Rafai Mosque completed in 1902 and the last greatest religious structure to be built in the city.
The Al-Rafai Mosque receives 100,000 visitors every year.

For me, reporting and writing for the magazine was fun, pure fun.
I thought the reporting and writing for the magazine was fun and rewarding.

If a standardized intervention is not used, audio tapes can at least give an idea of how it works.
Recordings of an intervention won't help the patient at all. 

Sightseeing is, of course, only a part of your visit to Malaysia.
you can do more than just sightseeing in Malaysia.

Disk compression and networking into Windows.
Disk compression and networking is possible in Windows and this is a new technology that they just launched.

process one out of every four checks in the country.
There are more than four checks in the country. 

The big house near the sea, you mean?" Tommy assented brazenly.
Tommy boldly assented in order to portray his identity of authority.

A small shrine and a relief mark this poignant point.
The relief shows an image of Jesus.

Papacy exiled to Avignon, France from Rome
The papacy remained in Avignon, France for 10 years.

yeah i think that uh uh and and you know i i say this because i'm coming from a i'm coming from my my uh uh my parents my parents and relatives in Massachusetts are all avid gun owners my dad's got a big collection
I was raised to use guns well.

We seem to believe that all human action is motivated not by the desire to know or improve the lot of humankind, but only by the basest motives of greed, power, and self-aggrandizement.
All human action is not motivated by desire to know or improve mankind, instead it is the driven by base motives which cause us to act irrationally. 

I can soon get out of it again."
I can get out of it again soon, but I choose not to.

and then i found myself short of cash so i uh also went in for a part-time job so by the time that i got home after my second job
I was short on cash and getting a second job was needed but it broke me.

yeah yeah exactly and if you're alienated i mean i see people at supposedly really good universities who are just having such psychological problems that you think this isn't sinking in
Many people at universities are suffering from depression. 

The ratings include the following.
The ratings are accurate.

Capture of Design and Manufacturing Knowledge Early Enough57
Manufacturing Knowledge is very important to the success of the project.

He's admittedly one of the world's greatest toxicologists ” ”"
There aren't many toxicologists in the world, but he's one of the best.

She's about your age too.
She's about your age, a little younger.

right no something like that is just uh unforgivable
You're right. Something like that is unforgivable because it's so horrible.

Yes, Bayliss, given the right circumstances and a sympathetic listening ear in high circles, could make trouble for Rennie.
It would be very hard to Bayliss to engineer the right circumstances to cause trouble for Rennie.

The quasi-candidacy of Beatty proves that Monica Madness collapsed the distinction between the serious and the circus.
The campaign shows that Monica Madness is somewhere between serious and a joke but still got votes.

Suppose mailers can sort addresses on a computer and then print them in ZIP Code order.
Mailers could sort addresses on a computer and print them quickly.

it was it's so easy to entertain them
They have always been easily entertained.  

She and other crew members spoke in Spanish through an interpreter.
The Spanish interpreter was very good at interpreting.  

Wow, one? Szymek said smoothing down his hairsprayed Mohawk.
Szymek smoothed his green Mohawk.

129 She began slowly, walking up and down the room, her head a little bent, and that slim, supple figure of hers swaying gently as she walked. 
She was not young, but she was attractive and a little mesmerizing

And then...'
And then, the dog parked. 

My great pal in hospital was a little American girl.
A blonde-haired American girl was my hospital pal. 

In Paris Friday, Le Monde 's main story was that the French are the drunkest people in Europe, with 2 million of them dependent on alcohol.
The French people are the most drunk people in Europe, followed by the British.

For electricity, the policies include extending the production tax credit of 1.5 cents/kWh over more years and extending it to additional renewable technologies.
The electricity policies want to extend the current production tax credit for five more years.

It featured an animation sequence that showed the second blade cutting what the first one missed and the third getting even closer.
The animation, showing a kitchen product being advertised, showed the knife cutting through a product with ease after another knife missed it.

downtown New Braunfels
New Braunfels has an awesome downtown.

We will continue to correct skill gaps and increase staff productivity and effectiveness through training.
Skill gaps, effectiveness, and productivity will be fixed through training and discipline.

Talks will resume April 13.
The will resume the hostile talks on April 13.

and it's it's been real interesting the different personalities that i that i run across
I've met a few interesting people, and some not so much.

I suppose we might call her that?"
That's just one of the names she goes by.

Second, they seek to provide management with the objective and fact-based information it needs to reward top performers.
Without objective and fact-based information no performers would be awarded.

The more Brown is attacked, the better she does.
Brown continues to improve each day.

yeah well i've been worried about mostly with having little kids now with taking them out in the Summer and getting them burnt up i mean i have to keep the sun screen on them just constantly when they go outside
This summer has been so extreme that I worry about my kids and make sure to put sunblock on them everyday. 

He stated that broad consensus exists on a majority of issues before the Task Force and that remaining areas of disagreement are expected to be resolved in short order.
There are over 10 remaining areas of disagreement left to be resolved.

The SEC has vast responsibilities and finite resources.
The SEC has a lot of financial resources.

If the Web prints it and television goes with it, print must follow.
Web and TV almost always get scoops before print.

I lowered my voice to a whisper. 
I didn't want to be overheard. 

He would not make it.
He was going to die soon.

Third month: Promoted to peeling potatoes.
The narrator has worked more than three months.

To some GAO evaluators, the instance was an application of the case study method, because we were looking at only a few sites or because we could not generalize or because actual subjects are being used for analysis of a specific question.
To some GAO evaluators, it was an application of the case study method for the annual audit.

He doesn't care about coming in here to kill us.
He's killed hundreds of men before, for no reason at all. 

An' jus' what's all this smokin' 'bout? Kells came out.
Kells asked why the men were smoking cigars on the porch.

you know and they wrote down that they uh weren't but then they went back and they checked them like maybe a week after they were working and if they had drugs in their body i mean they were fired on the spot there was no ifs ands or buts about it
People were fired for using steroids on the job.

Indeed, compared to the prewar wealthy, the contemporary rich have no apparent class markers.
The contemporary rich have built an empire on being the children of prewar wealthy.

Akbar decided it was better to have them on his side than to try to convert them; when he married the Maharaja of Jodhpur's sister, Jodh Bai (for whom he built a grand palace at Fatehpur Sikri; ) there was no question of converting her to Islam.
Akbar could not have converted Jodh Bai to Islam until after their marriage.

For instance, nitrate levels in surface waters are not significantly improving, and at best are constant.
Significantly improving the nitrate levels in surface waters should be our long-term goal.

Management is responsible for establishing effective controls to ensure compliance with laws and regulations, as well as other compliance requirements such as provisions of contracts or grant agreements.
Management has years of experience handling effective controls.

Future phases of the Statewide Technology Plan, aided in part by an LSC grant, call for streamlining the intake and case management processes, developing seamless communication among all programs and offices, improving client access to services, integrating case management software, and completing the transition to a virtual statewide law firm.
The LSC grant paid for more than 50 percent of the Statewide Technology Plan.

yeah oh that's okay
i'm confused but that's probably fine?

This vision became a touchstone for decisions as to program governance, delivery issues, including office staffing, support, training, technology, and increased access to high quality legal advice, brief service and more extensive legal representation.
The vision has been effective.

yes now you know if if everybody like in August when everybody's on vacation or something we can dress a little more casual or
Most people take their vacations in August. 

If two or more consecutive tests do not fall within the control limits, the results must be explained and the reference toxicant test must be immediately repeated.
If two or more consecutive drug tests do not fall within the control, the test is repeated.

That's the problem I'm trying to fix- we're going to see if we can't get a new first thought in your head.'
I'm trying to fix how you think about that.

yeah i haven't had to replace the thing yet it looks like it would be uh better than having i've got an an Olds Tornado that i think's got six belts on the sucker And i had to get all those off you know when i was replace that uh water pump and uh
I will have to replace it soon.

I worked for the Applied Fundamentals Division of The Salmon Corporation.
They joined the company after they graduated college.

Conquering a flat landscape with serene, other-worldly harmony, this assembly of buildings in an emerald green square also known as the Piazza del Duomo celebrates the whole cycle of life, from baptistery, cathedral, and campanile (a.k.a. the Leaning Tower) to the monumental cemetery of the Campo Santo.
Thousands of people visit the Piazza del Duomo in a single month.

um there was a crime here in McKinney uh a rather heinous murder there was no um remorse shown by uh
The crime really shook up McKinney because crimes don't happen there often.

'I want to help the investigation,' I told him.
I was very excited to help out.

uh uh my hubby does not have uh too much control when it comes to using that card uh  i know uh
I wish my husband would stop spending so much.

The war and the disastrous effects of the plague decimated the population of Poland, reducing it to just four million, roughly half its total in the early 17th century.
The plague that hit Poland was the worst plague ever in the world.

In the recent presidential election, Hispanic voter turnout increased 60 percent in Texas, 40 percent in California, and 10 percent in Florida, with roughly three out of four of all Hispanic votes going to President Clinton (15 percentage points above his 1992 showing).
Clinton campaigned directly to the Hispanic voters.

It's not really surprising that when it finally did, its foes realized they could take a mile.
The foes did not realize that they could take a mile before they did it.

This dry-land rainforest is what you will see most frequently from just above sea level up to an altitude of 900 m (3,000 ft).
There is no dry-land rainforest above 900 m.

Based on the fragment, Fink speculates that the original flute contained at least six holes and was close to 16 inches long.
There are twenty missing fragments from the flute.

Victor Hugo used to live at number 6, which is now a museum of his manuscripts, artifacts, and drawings.
They turned Hugo's house into a museum about his later life.

His successors built a power base at Thebes, and started a cultural renaissance with wide-reaching effects on Egyptian art and archaeology.
They built a power base at Thebes that became a great society.

The original certification procedure required submission of a written application, test report and fee (and a device for testing in some cases) to the FCC laboratory.
Dropping the device from a height of six feet is part of the testing process.

yeah that was good i liked uh i also liked uh Cujo did you read that one
Cujo was my favorite.

Evening shows are followed by Laserium light concerts.
Tonight's evening show features Conan O'Brien.

just to check the validity of the lab yeah and uh so that's kind of an ongoing test process for the we do for Compucam and you know they don't know which ones are test samples
Compucam provides us with thousands of samples per month.

He's gittin' some biggety idear as how it's up t' him t' police this here town.
He's already started imposing laws on this town.

they just see that this guy prays differently and to someone else than i do so therefore he's wrong and he's bad and we have to wipe wipe him out
I feel that other people are misguided when it comes to people who pray differently.

never got into those the old i'm talking about the old one when he was a psychologist
I liked the newer ones, but I never got into the older ones.

That ought to impress Ellen Barkin.
Ellen Barkin is to be impressed because the final decision is ultimately hers.

The one Jon held now was not the same as the ones the dark rider had held.
Jon's was much better than the one the dark rider had once had. 

Starr, as noted, asked for the leak investigation to be put under seal, then publicly regretted his inability to discuss a matter under seal.
Starr was asked if he was sure about having the leak investigation under seal.

Any doctor would tell you the same. 
All doctors would give you the same time frame for death. 

Our interest and curiosity about Egypt is, it seems, insatiable.
Our interest and curiosity of the tourist attractions in Egypt is insatiable. 

DOD concurred with our recommendation to add exit criteria at two key points in the acquisition process-when transitioning from system integration to system demonstration and from system demonstration into production.
DOD looked at what a different consulting firms said before they added a change in uniforms and in more sidewalks.

Most of the lawyers who volunteered Tuesday were corporate attorneys, many of them inexperienced with family law.
Tuesday was the day where the law help event for the poor was held.

Imagine seizing these creatures, feeding them or trying to, and keeping them hidden.
It must have been difficult to take these creatures and keep them hidden.

In the center of the caldera are two low-lying areas of land that appeared after the 1500 b.c. Nea Kameni and Palea Kameni.
The locals have grown rice in the low lying areas of land.

In the nearby village, a side road leads south for 1 km (1.2 mile) to the imposing Temple of Artemis, begun during the reign of Alexander the Great, and abandoned, unfinished, following the ascendancy of Christianity in the fourth century.
The side of the road also leads to the nearest McDonald's.

On the way down, I couldn't help feeling the atmosphere.
The mood was very dark when I went down.

These requirements include the reasons for the collection of the information, the type of information and an estimate of the burden imposed on respondents.
There are too many information requirements. 

fills up any time of space i get too involved in reading sometimes that i neglect what i should be doing so i  you get so involved in what you're reading
I don't get involved as much when I'm reading science fiction.

If you can solve that one you'll have a lot of fun and a few catches too.
Getting a few catches can be difficult.

A low-rise block with fine sea views from its roof-top terrace.
It is a low-rise building with just one story.

To allay Russian concerns, NATO has offered not to deploy nuclear forces in Eastern Europe.
NATO said they would not deploy nuclear forces in Poland.

and so they lived throughout the entire house he also had a dog in the house that i didn't know about and so our carpeting was in bad shape when i got back but uh my yard was immaculate he did a great job on the yard so you so i guess you can't have everything
The carpet was worn when I returned.

These individuals were primarily computer users, who might be employees; contractors; clients; or commercial partners, such as suppliers.
The people shown in the Harvard Business study who were primarily computer users may also be employees, contractors, clients, commercial partners and suppliers. 

Here's how Dr. Johnson put a similar problem, on April 18, 1775: We must consider how very little history there is; I mean real authentick history.
The history we can can consider is thought to be inauthentic.

no it's not this is uh about uh ten degrees cooler than usual but about a week ago we were up to eighty and eighty five degrees
I really liked the weather last week.

These elements are (1) a demonstrated leadership commitment and accountability for change; (2) the integration of management improvement initiatives into programmatic decisionmaking; (3) thoughtful and rigorous planning to guide decisions, particularly to address human capital and information technology issues; (4) employee involvement to elicit ideas and build commitment and accountability; (5) organizational alignment to streamline operations and clarify accountability; and (6) strong and continuing congressional involvement.
Commitment and accountability for change are elements demonstrated by leadership because they care about change a lot. 

Natalia fixed me with an irate glare, then made a show of sauntering off.
Natalia was very upset with me.

In the meantime he was conscious of Sir James's close scrutiny.
Sir James did not trust his work.

but the beach was beautiful we managed to comb out some of the broken glass and the like but the actual sand was a real good quality and real deep and we set up the old volleyball net and you know just a typical uh twenty or thirty guys playing volleyball on the beach and this this cove this beach was a bit of a cove and it was surrounded oh i'd say a couple of hundred yards by uh this hill this mountainous uh rock terrain and only that little bitty section of it was actually beach the rest of it was water right up against the rock so you pretty well had the whole area to yourself there were enough of us where we filled the whole peninsula as far as the the camping on both sides so we did we all had to walk down to the one area to go down to the bea ch and it was pretty much the whole area to ourself beautiful weekend however at that time at that stage in our life our kids were were uh real young and one of them managed to catch diarrhea while we were there so we'd have to run him up the the hill and you know the little portable toilet was up there and
We had a great time at the beach even though one of the kids got sick.

Then we can lock up and go." 18 I had seen Lawrence in quite a different light that afternoon. 
I had seen Lawrence in a really good light.

The interim rule was issued without use of the notice and comment procedures of 5 U.S.C.
There was a more permanent rule afterwards.

In adopting the H-2A program, Congress sought a balanced program that would ensure an adequate source of labor, but would not exploit employees or provide an added incentive to hire foreign rather than resident workers.
The H-2A program was a huge success and accomplished it's goals. 

According to the agency the rule will not result in expenditures of $100 million in any year by either State, Local or Tribal governments in the aggregate or by the private sector.
The agency expects there to only be $90 million in expenditures due to the rule.

Neither of them spoke again until they reached the Ritz.
They were angry at each other, and spoke no word at all.

I will merely state baldly that John Cavendish reserved his defence, and was duly committed for trial. 
John cavendish was probably going to lose the trial.

COST FINDING - Cost finding techniques produce cost data by analytical or sampling methods.
Cost data is used to set consumer price targets.

It is hard to see how providing free legal services to some welfare claimants (those whose claims do not challenge the applicable statutes) while not providing it to others is beyond the range of legitimate legislative choice.
The welfare system in the us is rigged. 

Those who object to them seem closer to the mark in fearing that the scarves signal a rising fundamentalist opposition to the secular principles on which modern Turkey was founded.
Turkey was very much founded on secular principles.

Refusing to charge clients, Mazzariello, 42, said he used his family's savings to sustain the office during the first year.
Clients were thankful.

payments made to utility and credit card companies
Most feel that payments to utility companies should be treated differently than payments made to credit card companies.

well right now we're in a delicate situation because we've got this we've for the first time we're sort of aligned with a lot of these Arab countries
If we do one thing incorrectly, everything will fall apart.

Of these three, Raging Bull has been singled out for vindication.
The other two will pay a huge legal fee.

Grand Rapids lawyer Robert Lalley Jr. has never been poor.
Being poor has a large impact on life.

or making the American system work in the way it's originally designed to
The original system designed for America would work well today.

For children who love boats, riding the Star Ferry or ferry trips to outlying islands will be exciting, and the Dolphin Watch trip (see page 113) is certain to appeal.
Children who don't care for boats won't like the ferries or Dolphin Watch trip. 

Thorn looked at the pistol in Jon's hand and then up to Jon's cold blue eyes.
Jon shot Thorn first in the left knee, then in the right. 

Many News Quiz responses were rejected by Slate 's e-mail server.
Slate was not expecting the overwhelming response they got.

They shouldn't have needed to torture the crone.
The crone did not like being tortured.

Girls in such androgynous gear looked ready for any adventure.
Girls wearing the gear looked like they were ready to climb the mountain.

Have you any tips to give us before we clear out?"
We should go over a few things before leaving.

Table 2.2 gives an example of a less and a more complex instance. 
Table 2.2 is extremely confusing.

Shall we go in?" A policeman produced a key.
The policeman produced a key that worked in every lock.

Club Utopia (Tel.702/390-4650), on the Strip but not in a hotel, may be single-handedly responsible for reviving the dying Las Vegas nightclub scene by taking the metropolitan sounds of techno and house out of the underground and into a commercial Las Vegas venue for the first time.
Club Utopia isn't in a hotel but it is very popular for their music.

First, we don't know that Maxwell would have found another  Without Joan, he might have struck out that night.
We don't know that Maxwell would have found another wife without help.

Financial statement disclosures are difficult to understand, as though written in a foreign language.
One should always have a financial adviser to go over financial statements with.

i think a lot of my problem with the young mothers is
I could write a long list of problems I have with young mothers.

yeah that's what i've heard
I've heard that the company has gone bankrupt.

Journalists and filmmakers relentlessly publicized the horrors of crack addiction and drug violence
Films on the awfulness of crack addiction have become cliché over the years.

They are winning the science prizes and scholarships.
The girl who invented a machine to pick up the ocean's trash is getting a scholarship.

but it would be nice if there could be an in-between a middle ground somewhere
A middle ground is needed for us to be nice.

She went round about. 
She kept going around in circles trying to find her way. 

If a pulsejet FF (PJFF) is used downstream, the sorbent injection rate can be reduced to about 4.6 lb/MMacf.
The sorbent injection rate can only be reduced to about 4.6 kb/MMacf if we use quality materials.

Moreover, understanding the net economic cost of the monopoly allows one to see how much universal service costs postal customers, at least under current institutional arrangements.
The current institutional setup is costing postal consumers more than they would be paying without the monopoly.

It was an influx of new settlers with Bronze Age skills around 3000 b.c. that ushered in the Minoan era, the first major civilization to arise on European soil.
The Minoan civilization was eventually eclipsed by the Greek civilization.

If they had left it alone, it is possible the crime might never have been brought home to them. 
They would never have known about the crime if they had given up.

nobody else get's out so it's hard to imagine a you know i mean i i i can't imagine teaching in a situation like that and actually trying to get anything across to a student
The environment makes teachers want to stop trying and just quit since the children have no desire to learn.

All this changed under the Tudors.
The Tudor changes were met with excitement by the populace.

Emperor Divers is a long-established operation with offices at Hurghada, Na'am Bay, and Nuweiba.
Emperor Divers is the best diving company in the area.

Most people who patronize the lottery, the track, or the slot machines end up poorer, with nothing to show for the transaction--which is also true of people who eat in restaurants and attend concerts.
The majority of people who live in the city and hope to get rich via gambling don't win anything.

The market for general-interest weekly magazines has long since dried  Look and the Saturday Evening Post are dead.
Interest in the Saturday Evening Post lasted much longer than the Look.

oh yes yes i guess i've had some good experience and some bad experience with them
I have had more good experiences with them than bad.

yeah i think that was a logical decision there
That decision was logical but it still troubles me.

The dance, something like the English maypole dance, is performed during the fiesta in Es Migjorn Gran.
The children perform the dance during the fiesta.

So, he came home, started screaming, and the place was like after a tornado.
His house was broken into and they messed it up.

Based on those
Based somewhat on those.

Who exactly suffers from those punishments?
The punishments hurt the students.

Nowadays it is a one-stop center of the Malaysian Tourist Information Complex.
Back in the days it used to be an arena for lions.

Here's my nominee for worst movie of the year (complete category should  Worst Movie of the Year That Assumedly Adult Male Reviewers Slathered Over): There's Something About Mary --a pathetically sophomoric, penis-obsessed mess that wouldn't even appeal to Larry Flynt!
I regret spending money to watch There's Something About Mary.

Still, you waited to be alone before gratifying that 'interest' of yours?"
You locked the doors and closed the windows before gratifying your interest?

Dow 14,000 anyone?
Do you like when the Dow is at 14,000?

That's one piece of the larger truth at the heart of the family-values  Divorce and unwed motherhood are bad for kids.
There are few jobs that allow a single parent both the time to spend with their kids and the money to adequately provide for them.

Edo expanded rapidly to accommodate Ieyasu's 80,000 retainers and their families and the myriad common people who served their daily needs.
Edo had to expand rapidly due to war victims needing refuge.

No; it is not possible you should love the enemy of France,  but, in loving me, you should love the friend of France; for I love France so well that I will not part with a village of it; I will have it all  and, Kate, when France is mine and I am yours, then yours is France and you are mine.
I am a dictator because I will hold onto France no matter what. 

i also use my PC to emulate a mainframe terminal for our IBM mainframe and also to emulate a deck terminal for our deck machine
Sometimes I use my PC as a Nintendo emulator.

This coalition of public and private entities undertakes initiatives aimed at raising public awareness about personal finance and retirement planning.
Personal finance and retirement planning are initiatives aimed at raising public awareness.

Three months later, the company Perennial Cosmetics introduced at a chain of convenience kiosks a series of skin care products called 'Puddle New Line'.
Perennial Cosmetics often released new skin care products.

The shock of landing must have broken bones, but a moment later he could begin to breathe again.
He had jumped and made a terrible landing.

It would take only one-tenth of one second to download a Slate article via ADSL.
Downloading the article is almost instant using fiber internet.

As discussed in section 1, Social Security benefits are projected to exceed the program's cash revenue in 2016, and the trust fund will be depleted in 2038.
More people are applying for Social Security benefits, leading to a depletion of the trust fund, the revenue isn't covering the cost of the benefits.

In many ways Yoritomo was a less-than-admirable figure in Japanese history, but you still might want to stop at this little moss-covered stone pagoda to pay your respects.
Yoritomo's memorial is very beautiful and popular with visitors.

Thar's parts maybe even an Injun ain't seed neither.
There are parts that even Indians can't see because they are too minuscule.

Mr. Hersheimmer will wait below in a taxi perhaps."
Mr. Hersheimmer might wait in a green taxi. 

The whites he had met in Uganda, he said, drank too much.
The whites he had met in Uganda do drink too much.

Adults may relax in the bar and shoot pool while the kiddies shoot each other.
It's a family friendly place where the adults can relax while their kids play.

if the like the State of Texas for example may uh you know may execute somebody twice a year you know that's that's no kind of deterrent because we we've got literally hundreds of people on death row and and many of them who have been there for literally for ten or fifteen years on death row and that's
The State of Texas plans on executing three people this year. 

Szary, you will make me a new product.
I need a new product to sell at stores.

In a.d. 286 Diocletian sought to reverse the decline by splitting the administration of the empire in two he would govern the east, based in Nicodemia, while his friend Maximian ruled the west from Milan and later to split it further into four parts.
Diocletian chose Maximian as his co-ruler because of Maximian's record of public service.

This one can give readers pleasure and amusement, and also help them understand a little better the world we live in.
The readers are pleased to be reading such engaging material.

yeah no that was that that that was horrible it was  and she she never even got to see her family that she came in to visit
Her family was sad they never got to see her.

The city of Edinburgh is the capital of the nation of Scotland.
Edinburgh is not the most popular city despite being the capital of Scotland.

yeah but well it's hard i'll i'll tell you though it is hard when you go to vote i mean there are so many issues and there're so many people running that you know unless you have some way of evaluating it
Candidates in the running are unable to address issues that the country faces.

my secretary has tried to be a song writer she's waiting for her big time
My secretary has written over a dozen songs so far.

they did it right they did it right i mean they were yeah they sit there and they go is this really what i want to say and you typed it and that was it and now you know people just send it back over and over and over and over
No matter how well you type it, they will send it back.

It is equally clear that France will not give up its taste for regulation--indeed, it will surely try to impose that taste on its more market-oriented neighbors, especially Britain.
France believes that its regulations are helping it the grow more prosperous than other countries.

From Kathmandu, short trips to the valley rim make it possible for those with limited time to see the high mountains at sunrise or sunset.
Kathmandu draws in its fair share of visitors every year.

This is why those who elected the [alternative exam] would have an additional obligation-150 pro bono hours owed to the court system in the three years following admission.
They would make sure to do the extra work.

Shorn of its medical phraseology and technicalities, it amounted to the fact that Mrs. Inglethorp had met her death as the result of strychnine poisoning. 
Mrs Inglethorp died from poisoning from her romantic rival.

These interpretations would also invite exploitation by allowing litigants to simply wait until an alien temporarily departed the United States before cutting off workers compensation benefits, or initiating eviction, repossession, or divorce or custody proceedings.
Temporary departure from the United States would be possible.

hum that sounds great especially i mean the fact that you can prepare the meatballs so so far in advance i mean like if if you are having a dinner party on Wednesday night you could do it on a weekend that would be great
It's great you can prepare meatballs in advance, I prefer fresh, but it could be very useful.

Reliability improves over time with design changes or manufacturing process improvements.
The increase in reliability is admittedly gradual, almost too slow to notice.

Jacob is just plain wrong.
Jacob does not bring a lot of facts to back up his statements.

What do you mean, there was one? 
What do you mean, that is the only one that was available?

um if they air dry them or heat dry them it dries it right on it and that's terrible
It is impossible to fix if they are heat dried. 

San'doro grabbed one of the other foot soldiers roughly by the chin and cut his throat open down to the spine.
San'doro grabbed one of the soldiers by the chin and cut his throat, making sure to leave a mess for his comrades.

The country loved him.
The country loved him because of his braveness.

His previous work has involved putting books through a washing machine cycle and collecting live animals, such as scorpions, snakes, and insects, and setting them to battle in enclosures filled with Chinese art objects.
The different types of Chinese art objects in the enclosures caused the live animals and insects to become more aggressive in battle.

roof of your head's blown off
It is an amazing, once in a lifetime experience.

And 'Where am I?'  
Somebody had a vague idea where they were.

There are so many needing help, each with a compelling and sometimes life-and-death story.
All of the children needing help have their own story. 

I want to keep it safe."He handed the paper to the gambler.
I want to keep it safe. He gave the paper to the woman. 

and um i know my husband now we go vote every time i don't care how small the ballot is i mean if there's one thing if there's one issue because the way i feel is if i don't vote then i don't have any reason to gripe
People take their right to vote for granted. 

By a.d.   1300 they had erased the vestiges of a Marquesan outpost and developed a Hawaiian society of their own.
By a.d. 1300 they already had a Hawaiian society of their own, according to my mother.

so much more complex yeah
Soccer is more complex than basketball.

The young American's face grew grave.
The American was sad that there wasn't a solution.

But at the moment, to Dave, he looked more like a personal demon.
Dave was terrified of him glaring. 

Their bravery might--or might not--be genetically determined.
Research into this area is ongoing.

yeah i've been with them for about four years now
"For the last four years we have been together in this building."

After all, they don't offer employees car insurance.
This company does not offer car insurance for their employees as this cost too much for it to be cost effective.

I am surprised, Richard, that you find Faludi's characterizations of the male crisis to fit the British profile.
I'm surprised you agree with Faludi's crass characterizations. 

Then every share of Daimler-Benz stock sold between 1950 and 1980 sells at a discount reflecting that expectation.
The discounted price is undervalued.

While Soutine--unlike Chagall, to whom he is sometimes compared--did not paint stereotypically Jewish subjects, he may have been alluding, with those dangling fowl, to a Yom Kippur rite in which a slaughtered chicken was whirled around a rabbi's head in a ritual of absolution.
Chagall' paintings are displayed in Jewish museums.

This temple, too, has Buddhist prayer wheels around it, worn shiny by the hands of the devout.
The Buddhist prayer wheels are shined by many hands of the devout.

or move off and leave them and they they end i don't know where this one the my next door neighbor had a had a dead cat next to his front porch yeah i'd seen the cat around here before i thought it belonged to somebody but i have no idea what killed it
i don't know what killed it, but it might have been an owl

so that's that's a little rough you know we're not we're not quite up to that sort of thing
We're not quite up to that kind of confrontation.

They play and talk in unison.
They have been friends for a long time.

As volume per stop grows and coverage approaches 100 percent, the volume variability of access cost approaches zero.
Volume per stop and volume variability can be seen as variables. 

I can't prove it yet but I know. The other two asked no questions.
They didn't ask questions because they knew as well.

Jon saw the cold steel in his hands and in his eyes.
He knew the man would kill him in an instant.

PROCESS VALUE ANALYSIS - Tools and techniques for studying processes through customer value analysis.
Increasing customer value is a good way to increase sales.

It has the colour and vitality of an old Arab town, but little of the usual hassle, boasting superb Crusader and caravanserai buildings, a fine mosque, and a picturesque port.
The Crusaders had built several monasteries in the town, many of which were still standing.

well what is it for um New Year's lot of people make ham and sauerkraut
Many people make ham, sauerkraut and corn for New Year's.

Wadi Natrun was one of the most important areas of Egypt in ancient times, primarily because it was the main source of the mineral natron used in the mummification and glassmaking processes.
In addition to being the primary source of the mineral natron in ancient Egypt, Wadi Natrun was also important as a source of precious water.

Honesty is taken for granted.
Honesty is not appreciated as much as it should be among friends.

Viejo Madrid, the area spreading outward from the Plaza Mayor, is the sentimental and geographical heart of the city.
Viejo Madrid is where the City of Madrid was first founded.

When Hideyoshi built his main castle in the center of Osaka after unifying the country in 1583, the city's proserity seemed written in stone.
Unifying the country in 1583 was the sole reason for it's future prosperity.

As Europe awakened from the Dark Ages, Toledo provided a key link in transmitting vital knowledge of Arabic science and Greek philosophy to the Western world.
Toledo transmitted vital knowledge to Europe after the Dark Ages, but ignored it.

The benefits, however, may still be worth this downside.
The benefits will make us very rich.

In 1962 Soviet president Nikita Khrushchev installed 42 medium-range nuclear missiles in Cuba.
The Cuban president believed that the nuclear missiles would unnerve the Americans.

yeah yeah i kind of watch you know see what's happening
Besides watching to keep up with information, I also try to do deeper research into it.

La Cetellana and Paseo de Recoletos are continuations north of the Prado boulevard of the Bourbons.
La Cetellana and Paseo de Recoletos pass through wealthier districts than the street they become, Prado boulevard. 

But I will always deeply treasure the mementos of our friendship he left with me.
I will always appreciate the moments together, because true friendship can exist even if one of the two leaves.

There is another side to this paradox.
This paradox has another side, said the teacher.

If you want to be a really big Fish, you can become a cohost of this event by committing to raise $5,000, which will get you into a special VIP reception with the governor, the e-mail said.
The email encouraged everyone to raise more than $5,000.

Meanwhile, Paula Jones sues the president for sexual harassment, and it seems clear that before long, Clinton will have to testify under oath.
This is not the first time someone has sued Clinton for sexual harassment.

In 1936, well before No Depression was launched, the Carter Family recorded a song called No Depression in Heaven.
'No Depression' was launched in the 1950s.

(The wife doesn't want to go out or come to our house.)
The wife doesn't desire to leave or go to our house because she is scared.

He forced his way into country properties and submitted the owners of the motors to a searching cross-examination.
Forcing his way into country properties was possible due to his legitimation.

He cemented a peace treaty with England by marrying Margaret Tudor, the daughter of Henry VII the so-called Marriage of the Thistle and the Rose but this did not prevent him from making a raid into England in 1513.
The peace treaty with England lasted for several decades.

Crowned by a chhattra (umbrella) made of stone, the stupa was erected on a terrace with a fence to enclose the path.
The stupa is also made out of stone.

Like him they may, but have any of them written a tribute as passionate as Ann Powers' love letter to Hillary in this morning's Times ? (Some sentences omitted.)
Anne Powers wrote about Hillary's time as Secretary of State.

SPACE EXPLORATION EQUIPMENT -Items that are intended to operate above the atmosphere to explore space and any specially designed equipment to aid, service or operate other equipment engaged in exploring space.
The equipment had be up to par.

This process has helped to integrate information management into overall business planning by aligning IT products and services with business functions and linking technology to the stateas overall strategic direction.
This is because it allows for easier customer support and database management.

He sucked in on the air around him, and the breath burned in his lungs.
He breathed in the smoky air and it burned his lungs.

oh you can't go to a different one
There is only one available. 

Its wings were too small for the tiny apartment.
The wings were not able to keep it in the air.

oh gosh well uh one that comes to mind is a lady i don't know what the heck she was doing in her dishwasher but she was in her dishwasher her head was in her dishwasher and her hair got caught
A lady was doing something in her dishwasher.

Yes. 147 "Ah, that's better," said Heavywether, with ferocious geniality. 
"That is better than the other one," Heavywether said. 

In the early Middle Ages, Canton had a significant Muslim population as a result of its trade with the Middle East.
Canton exported silk to the Middle East during the Middle Ages.

estimated system size and other project data provided for the model, the historical data from which the model was developed, and the fact that all estimates are projections of an inherently uncertain future.
An uncertain future may provide inaccurate and uncertain projections.

No, she'll have started from the hospital by now."
She could be far away in a few minutes.

golly because of the ice
Did they cancel school because of the ice?

The National Risk Management Research Laboratory is the Agency's center for investigation of technological and management approaches for reducing risks from threats to human health and the environment.
The National Risk Management lab is the center for the investigation of technological and management approaches to threat reduction and asset acquirement.

As we reported in 1998, potentially higher returns-albeit with greater risk-on the government's stock holdings could boost Social Security's financing and reduce the size of other revenue increases or benefit
In 1998 the government was working hard for financial success.

The friendship between Harrer and the Dalai Lama continues to this day.
Harrer and the Dalai Lama are friends and talk everyday

You see--" She looked hesitantly at the Astronomer.
She was hesitant of the Astronomer because she broke something of theirs.

You can draw your own deductions from them. 
They have the answers that you are seeking.

well i enjoyed it Jay thank you bye-bye
Thank you, Jay. I'll talk to you later. 

Go to the theatre take a night off."
Relax for the evening and head to a movie.

It originally contained the palace bakery, the armoury, and the mint.
It also contained stables next to the armory.

If a heater is immersed directly into the seawater, ensure that the heater materials do not corrode or leach any substances that would contaminate the brine.
If a heater goes in the water, make sure it doesn't leak or the coral will die.

oh do they probably the more you pay though the better the machine you have
The better machines cost more money because they're designed better.

all right there we go
There we go, now I'm remembering.

It is the common glue that binds us.
Without it, we would be lost at sea.

In accordance with paragraph 603(b)(5), the Commission notes that the proposed rule does not duplicate, overlap, or conflict with any relevant federal rule.
The Commission did not want to have two laws stating the same objective.

How, for example, can Japan be stuck in a seemingly intractable slump--one that it does not seem able to get out of simply by printing coupons?
Japan printed way too many coupons.  

is defined in the statute as the status of having been lawfully accorded the privilege of residing permanently in the United States as an immigrant in accordance with the immigration laws.
Immigration laws are designed to protect those entering the country.

Visitors need a visa to enter China, and must disembark at the border (now called boundary ) checkpoint, Lo Wai.
The guards at Lo Wai are known to interrogate visitors.

The Western Wall is one side of the Herodian retaining walls that support the vast ceremonial plaza built by Herod around the Second Temple to accommodate hundreds of thousands of Jewish pilgrims who visited the Temple in ancient times.
Several thousand workers were employed by Herod to build the walls that encircle the plaza.

This guidance is designed to help you make an appropriate, defensible assessment in the most efficient manner.
This guidance was designed back in 1995, but it is still up-to-date.

it's i it's it's kind of fortunate that that the United States was founded in the way that it did because it's such a mixture of people
The United States still benefits from having such a mixture of people today.

Economic logic suggests that in the long run such countries, if they can put their inflationary histories behind them, have no business adopting the currency of a faraway country which will not take their interests into account.
Economic logic is not always correct.

The judges were reluctant to raise those fees but eventually decided that supporting probono services was important enough and lawyers had a responsibility to contribute to the cause, Harrison said.
The judges were relieved to realize that there were more benefits to supporting probono services.

'Oh, don't mind me,' I told him.
I told him not to mind me and that I would be finished in thirty minutes. 

3. What Is the Long-Term Outlook for Federal Government Saving/Dissaving?
Aside from saving and dissaving, there is a thrid option for the Federal Government.

That admitted of two possibilities. 
The first possibility was the most likely.

but when it came to ever giving kind any kind of tune ups or things like that i'd take it into the shop anything basically with the yeah
He wasn't entirely experienced as a boat mechanic.

He's not likely to recognize you.
He has amnesia, so he probably won't recognize you.

And to show just how fast Japan's new rulers were catching on, two punitive expeditions were launched against Korea and China in the grand manner of 19th-century gunboat diplomacy.
The two expeditions launched against Korea and China were over opium export taxes.

The New Radicals sound like Todd Rundgren has just emerged from the cryogenics lab where he's lain frozen since 1972.
The New Radicals are an indie pop band. 

it's uh it's kind of unusual book it's a lot about uh spiritual warfare and some things like that
The book is unusual, but it is very good. 

okay and they wear either that or they wear dress pants and b lack turtlenecks or white turtlenecks
The usually prefer to wear black instead of white

It is fundamental that the First Amendment was fashioned to assure unfettered interchange of ideas for the
The First Amendment is important to the freedom of the United States.

i seen him on an interview talking about how if he ever got out how many people he was going to kill
I don't think being in jail helped him. 

Jamaicans say that Negril isn't a place it's  a state of mind  where almost anything goes.
The Jamaicans tend to be laid back about a lot of things.

They care about the performance of the computer.
The computer has a Windows operating system. 

Out in the alley below, three figures reeled in the circle of light afforded by the door lantern.
The lantern barely made the figures noticeable in the large alley.

no i don't i'm uh renting a townhouse right now but i'm moving uh the end of May i'm going to move into renting a house
I'm looking forward to the move in May. 

I thought I'd have time to rush up and get the papers from their hiding-place, but I was caught.
Despite my best efforts to be sneaky, I still got caught.

Under OMB's guidance, agencies' fiscal year 1997 budget requests were to contain a significantly greater amount of performance information to help define funding levels and projected program results.
OMB advised the foster care agency to start providing more information to get more accurate projections. 

The divorce cost Hudson its biggest client and inaugurated Burger King's campaign to persuade customers to continue eating its meat.
Burger King had begun to have trouble with customers questioning what their burgers were actually made of.

The Collegiate Church of Saint-Ours is an interesting piece of Roman?­esque it has two steeples at either end of the nave, which is surmounted by two octagonal pyramids in place of a roof.
The church has two steeples that are each 500 feet high.

They especially take him to task for blaming Plath's suicide on fate and astrology.
He blamed plath's suicide on fate and astrology because he was joking.

a long time yes and they they take up a lot of you know good space you know kind of like a bookcase
They take up space because they are huge.  

 Ca'daan looked at Jon and then the others.
Ca'daan looked at the circle of people.

No Australians were harmed in the incident.
No Australians were hurt in the wildfires.

More practical but quite decorative are bamboo and rattan Baskets and mats woven from nipa palm leaves.
Palm leaves are a strong material for creating mats.

And that would be the British.
That is from Great Britain.

The Postal Service also presented additional revenue and costing-cutting initiatives, such as the billion-dollar-a-year break through productivity plan announced by the Postmaster General this past spring.
The postal service gave $5million  extra revenue in the report to the Postmaster General.

It was as if he had been let out of lessons, or freed from a sense of duty and responsibility which was a growing burden.
He felt great relief and a sense of freedom.

In the U.S., power plants emit significant amounts of air  67 percent of all sulfur dioxide (SO2) emissions, 37 percent of mercury emissions, and 25 percent of all nitrogen oxide (NOx) emissions.
The emissions are very high from power plants.

Beyond 3a, less attractive customers and relatively more difficult mail would begin to convert to presort.
The less attractive customers are not likely to spend a lot of money.

In essence, this plan is to contain the annual performance goals the agency will use to gauge its progress toward accomplishing its strategic goals and identify the performance measures the agency will use to assess its progress.
The agency has to fill in a performance sheet at the end of every year.

In his revision, Reich gets rid of the cigar shtick and again substitutes actual words, while trying to preserve what he can of a sense of hostility.
Reich was smoking a cigar. 

i can remember the you know there's nothing worse than a hangover i have to agree there nothing worse than a i can remember staying in bed a whole day from a hangover  and not going to work but i that was years ago and i didn't work for TI so but you you know really and truly there's there's nothing worse than a hangover and you're right and you cannot perform well
People that come in with hangovers are irresponsible because they're not giving 100% at their job.

What a monstrous idea! 
What a terrible idea coming from you!

The WP reports that following a year of sensitive negotiations, the German government has finally agreed to spend $110 million to compensate 18,000 Jewish victims of the Nazis who are living in Eastern Europe and the former Soviet Union.
The German government helped many more than the 18,000 Jews.

i wasn't really want i didn't want to be a lawyer anyway  just wanted the degree
I just wanted the degree to show off to the people that said I couldn't do it, I never actually wanted to be a lawyer. 

Most rushed visitors see the square, stand in awe of the tilting tower, and leave town.
Visitors are often rushed as tour busses don't stop for long.

Time 's City Boosters pays tribute to big-city mayors who've privatized services, challenged employee unions, and supported school vouchers.
The mayor works extremely hard to do a good job. 

I told him to drive.
I told him to make his car to to the park.

Close to the heart of Old Madrid, this 1994 hotel is surprisingly personal and elegant, despite the somewhat chaotic plaza it sits on.
Most of the décor in the hotel is the original from 1994.

that's what i did with mine for a long time put it on the handlebars so i can hang them up
I did not want them on the floor.

And then concentration-camp-thin Ruth, in a burst of unusual clarity and impatience, shakes Joseph up with the most mundane diagnosis of  I'm just a girl from Westchester who has trouble with food.
There is only this type of clarity on Tuesdays.

Their ventures into social topics focus on alcohol, drugs, domestic violence, adultery, divorce, illegitimacy, crime, and urban decay.
They have interviews with alcoholics and divorced parents.

She bought a Futurobot and already after turning it on, she knew it was a good purchase.
She was excited to try her Futurobot for the the first time.

uh he shows his feelings but he cannot express it and i think that's kind of sad in a way i see other fathers put their arms around their daughters or their sons and
He can't even express displeasure

This is Italy's oldest ski resort and an Alpine Museum traces its history in the Casa delle Guide (Maison des Guides).
In the Alpine Museum, you can also find information about other Italian ski resorts.

improvement initiatives into programmatic decisions, planning to chart the direction the improvements will take, employee involvement in the change efforts, organizational realignment to streamline operations and clarify accountability, and congressional involvement and oversight.
The employees will be involved in all aspects of the planning phase.

Corporate-tax revenues took a nose dive in 1982 and 1983, regained some ground with the economic recovery, but then surged following passage of the 1986 tax reform--which deliberately raised taxes on corporations to pay for tax breaks for individuals.
Corporate tax revenues went down 35% in 1982 and 1983.

(Before the island's telephone service was boldly upgraded, it used to be easier to drive across the border than to put through a call to the other side. )
(The island didn't have enough money to upgrade it's telephone service for a long time.)

Let them fall between us and close in on their exposed flanks.
Just let them fall to the ground.

Companies admit that the logos help sales, thanks to the appearance of an endorsement where none exists.
A company logo is generally seen as an endorsement.

and also the um  i don't know it seems almost like there's this it's a peer pressure thing is why we keep wanting to do it is so we'll look good to the other nations because i think they that's an area that the other nations especially Europe look down on us like oh we're just backward wayward children who still use this backward system who haven't really attained it yet
I think succumbing to peer pressure is a sign of weakness.

And Democrats, who want to run against the do-nothing Republicans in 2000, are happy to stall major legislation.
Democrats want to reclaim the Senate in 2000.

Shoes are just about as fashionable as in Spain and Italy, and are cheaper.
The shoes were made in France. 

The Centre Historique M??di??val is a good preparation for a tour of the site.
You can tour The Centre Historique which can tell you all about the history of Paris.

He said this week that he had sent a letter to the White House spelling out his questions about the organization.
He wanted to know what the name of the organization was.

Children will also enjoy the excellent sea-life center, Nausicaa, half an hour's drive north in Boulogne (the coast road is the prettiest).
It takes 33 minutes to drive from Nausicaa to Boulogne.

The federal government can explore how to design tax incentives that induce households to save enough to make up for the government's revenue loss and the lower government saving that would result.
Household savings is used to pay for retirement accounts.

I have started dating a guy with wonderful qualities and think he has real possibilities for the long haul.
I think I will fall in love with the guy I am dating.

Not everyone, of course, can get to a rally.
Everyone can attend the women's march.

Driving through the Wadi Jodz valley and up the slopes of the Mount of Olives takes you past the Augusta Victoria Hospital; after you turn at the crest of the hill, the Greek church of Viri Galilei ( Men of Galilee ) is on the right.
Every Sunday, hundreds of devotees climb the mount to attend mass at Viri Galilei.

Relief from this was offered by Dolce &amp; Gabbana's two-piece in white lace and Lycra, indistinguishable from the underwear of 1949 and selling for only $125.
Dolce & Gabbana are selling the swimsuit for $125.

One tops a 40-m- (120-ft-) high clock tower that suggests inspiration from Big Ben in London.
Big Ben in London is artistic and complex.

New principle-based accounting and reporting standards should be focused on value and risk.
The old accounting standards didn't focus on value.

Increasingly, managers make IT investment decisions based on the value of the investments to their enterprises, not just to a specific business unit or function.
Managers prefer to see how the investments have aided in their business operations.

united you can succeed individually you will fail and then there was a big climactic fight scene and they didn't remember that
You'll fail individually, specially in a fight. United you can succeed and beat them.

And supposing the Coroner's jury returns a verdict of Wilful Murder against Alfred Inglethorp. 
It seems very likely that the jury will return a guilty verdict.

No Spur R brand would ever be established here in Arizona.
Arizona's leading politicians had backed banning the Spur R brand.

Gentilello and colleagues at the Harborview Medical Center in Seattle, Washington, conducted a randomized controlled trial in a Level I trauma center.
Gentilello had 6 doctors in his team who regularly conduct trials in Seattle medical centers. 

For example, operating information is required for development of financial reports.
The operating reports were delivered promptly.

He flung himself from the cabinet to the equipment table.
He was hopping off the cabinet because he saw a spider.

The administration's failure to act effectively in Bosnia (or in Rwanda) can't be blamed entirely, or even primarily, on Albright, whose job at the time was peripheral to the making and implementing of policy.
Albright was invited to implement policy by the administration.

With two steamers, antiquated artillery, and 94,000 lire in funds, Garibaldi set sail from Genoa with his  Expedition of the Thousand.  
Garibaldi was excellent with managing the funds.

Since this time, membership has been of great monetary benefit to the country.
If it weren't for the economic benefits, the country would not have joined.

He 60 listened for a moment or two, then tried the handle.
Before he tried to open the door, he listened for noise.

The bar was a dump.
The bar was in a bad place in town.

We're fighting here because those men want their revenge.
The men wanted to avenge the death of their brother. 

yeah i i've  i've seen uh they're they make some plastic edging stuff that comes in like three foot lengths and you can uh you can tape them together and and and put
The three foot plastic edgings are very convenient.

Inaugurated in 1960, the gardens have examples of virtually every plant that grows on Madeira and lots of subtropical flowers and plants from places like South Africa and Brazil.
The gardens are best in the spring when the flowers are in bloom.

His hopes were high.
He was about to succeed.

PERFORMANCE MEASUREMENT - A means of evaluating efficiency, effectiveness, and results.
The most often instance of a performance measurement being used is the case of manager and employee. 

Those who remained focused on preserving Polish language and culture if not the Polish state.
The Polish language survived while the state died.

For the fifth consecutive year, it's going to let pretty girls ship everything book rate.
Pretty girls get more advantages than other girls.

Sounds a little like Wright's Ferberizing experiences to me.
They were well read in the subject matter.

After saying we learn nothing from current Darwinian theorizing about any darkness in human nature, he continues, At the very most, biology might help us to delimit the environmental circumstances that tend to elicit one behavior rather than the other.
Ignoring psychology, biology may help us understand why the environment tends to bring out of type of behavior over another.

The forested Malabar coast in the west is sown with crops of coconut, betel-nut, pepper, rubber, and cashew nut, which today still tempt ships across the Arabian Sea.
Sailors often get stock along the forested coast of Malabar.

Not real early, Dad.
It isn't that early in the day, Dad.

Even in Finland.
Finland and other countries.

(They may not even be good tools for buying day care.
It could be they aren't even good tools for buying day care, said the manager.

Rates based on numerals could result, even though there would be transaction costs.
There wouldn't be transaction costs without numbers

If I lose, then it's a reflection on the whole family.
A loss would be a reflection on my parents.

The moral strength of his non-violent philosophy was immediately tested in the Punjab, where the hartal erupted into riots.
The Punjab tested the moral strength of his non-violent philosophy when the hartal erupted into riots there, but it came out stronger than before when peaceful protesters returned. 

With an effort Mrs. Vandemeyer pulled herself together and tried to resume her former manner.
Mrs. Vandemeyer was hiding something.

Ricardo Santos
The man is named Ricardo Javier Santos.

The administration's spin is that demands and conditions are the opposite of negotiation.
This is the latest attempt by the administration to back away from its previous grandiose statements.

uh-huh uh-huh well i guess it was a uh a very successful movie financially so we may say more slapstick
I guess the movie should have some more action.

And I'll look after YOU, retorted Tuppence, resenting the manly assertion.
Tuppence is a strong, independent woman.

Git 'long there, you knock-kneed, goat-headed wagon-loafer! He pushed on to haze another slacker.
He was angry that they were moving so slow.

well the camping i grew up with was like tents and Coleman stove type and uh you know that just either out in the woods or actually i i grew up water skiing i was uh from California and so we would go up to the Sacramento uh river sloughs the delta there
Water skiing was my favorite thing to do growing up.

do i think they should
You've been asking me for months if they should.

We had rather a scramble to get ready in time; and before the meal was over the motor was waiting at the door. 
We were going to the market after dinner.

Madrid is simply too young a city to have a great medieval cathedral.
If Madrid would have been established ten years earlier, it would have a cathedral.

The report, 'Fields of Poison,' found that California farmworkers face greater risk of pesticide poisoning than any other segment of the population and are not adequately protected.
The report suggested ways to decrease California farmworkers exposure to toxic pesticides.

Because the box was empty. 
The box was empty and open.

You'll pass two huge sentinel statues 21 m (68 ft) high on the river plain facing out towards the Nile.
The two sentinel statues are 21 m high and 3 m wide. 

okay now you're not going to get to vote but you're going to have to do what that person says they would understand probably by the time they were in high school they'd be ready to vote
You're way too young to vote.

Havana was founded along a vast natural harbor in 1519.
Havana was founded along a vast natural harbor in 1519 alowing to to be involved in ocean trade.

San Juan also became the center for the Catholic Church's evangelization of the New World; numerous churches, convents, and monasteries were established throughout the island to aid in this effort.
Jewish temples are also in Puerto Rico. 

well well the difficulty i have is that uh are we our neighbor's keepers
The dilemma I have is, um, we're our neighbor's caretakers because they're unable to walk by themselves.

When he died in 1624, he bequeathed his fortune to the education and upkeep of orphans, and the school was subsequently built for this purpose.
The school was built five years after he died.

Modern FGD systems typically use fewer and smaller absorbers and increasingly control greater amounts of generating capacity using common absorbers fed by multiple boilers.
There are many ways in which the absorbers will be used.

Satirizing the efficiency of financial markets, he  The market, again by definition, had to be right.
The financial markets are not very efficient.

You can also escape the preoccupations of existence at the wildlife sanctuary of Kanha.
The wildlife sanctuary is home to over 50 different species of animal.

Access to La Baie de Saint-Jean, the most-photographed of Saint-Barthelemy's 22 beaches, is quite easy.
The Baie de Saint-Jean is photographed often due to its picturesque sunsets.

Three minutes later came another, a man of commanding appearance, exquisitely dressed, and evidently well born.
Three minutes later came another well born man, continued the story.

Divorces and custody battles are simply out of their financial reach.
They're staying married, only because a divorce or separation would be too expensive.

There is a selection of English books, including many titles devoted to Turkish history, art, and architecture.
The collection of books also contain many tomes about classic Arabic plays and stories.

Like Jon, his head was bare.
Jon had shaved his head.

Hello, sir."  
Hello, sir, I've been looking for you.

I'm glad to know definitely.
Someone had told me so I could be sure.

The variation between quintiles can be explained by greater fixed costs in the less densely populated quintiles than in the more populated quintiles.
Fixed costs consist mostly of expenses involved in purchasing and maintaining equipment.

Is it? The train was moving now, speeding through the night at a gradually increasing rate.
The train was moving close to maximum speed.

The federal CIO is also subject to a funding process that is more complex and uncertain than in most other organizations.
It is uncertain in most other organizations because they don't usually keep good records.

Right you are.
As usual, you are right.

At that moment, a male voice on the TV interrupted:
The man's voice on the television was disturbing. 

we have two daughters and a son and uh he just can't do that and i i know that he would if he could and i i kind of feel sorry for him because i think he misses a lot and
He cannot play with them

Never tell lies, replied Miss Howard. 
She said she had told us the absolute truth.

you know um i mean let's face Dukakis and Bentsen and Bentsen good grief surely they could have done better than that course they they had a they had themselves between a rock and a hard place they had on the one hand they had Jesse Jackson with all that support and on the other they knew very
Bentsen was the worst possible candidate that they could have picked.

the GSA Inspector General has expressed concerns that GSA's organization and management structure has not kept pace with GSA's downsizing, streamlining, and reform efforts.
The GSA inspector general is worried the 100 people they downsized was not enough.

The foundations date back to the 1170s when Strongbow, the earl of Pembroke, had it rebuilt as a stone structure.
The foundations of the building are from Strongbow's time.

Exactly, said Poirot. 
Poirot is agreeable.

Egyptian National  The national circus started with the help of skilled Soviet practitioners in the 1960s, and it has a permanent base at Azouga in Cairo for most of the year.
The Egyptian circus is based in Cairo because many talented circus-people live in the city.

They can't imagine being a part of it.
They don't know what it's like to be a drug dealer. 

More eloquent than any museum are the 9,386 white marble croses of the American military cemetery on a cliff overlooking Omaha Beach at Colleville-Saint-Laurent.
The locals put flowers on each of the marble crosses every year.

The recently face-lifted Fawcett was, according to the Enquirer , dazed and confused and giggly to the point of being silly at the festival, where she was promoting her latest film, The Apostle . The Star reports she canceled a scheduled press conference and never showed up at a party with the movie's star, Robert Duvall.
The Enquirer also reported that Fawcett was wearing a silly hat. 

He returned with the information that she was undoubtedly "one of the crooks," but Tommy mistrusted the vividness of his imagination.
Tommy's friend was known for telling tall tales.

While the right policy and criteria are necessary to ensure a disciplined, knowledge-based product development process, the incentives that influence the key players in the acquisition process will ultimately determine whether they will be used effectively.
Disciplined product development is popular with many voters.

But it certainly is queer that Mr. Brown has not yet wreaked vengeance upon us.
Mr. Brown has responded quickly and harshly with all other instances of being slighted.

We'll deal with Miss Jane Finn first.
We don't want the others to get a head's up of our plans.

As production manager and then associate publisher, Betsy designed and supervised the process by which Slate gets from writers through editors to you.
Betsy designed and supervised the hiring process.

Poirot looked at him thoughtfully. 
Poirot looked at him as if he had seen him for the first time.

okay well well where did you come from originally
Did you come from Los Angeles?

and it all prints out up to five generations per child and you know you can select the child and get the whole thing i think it's just as neat as it can
It costs a little extra if you want to select more than one child to get the information for.

And for the hundredth time, I'll tell you that you're here.
You will be here in three hours and 12 minutes.

Judge Karen H. Pozza and District Court Judge Phyllis Speedlin started the community courthouse, recruiting lawyers from across the county to give away their time.
The judges had founded the community courthouse when they were both working as lawyers.

Esquire 's  face time with the reclusive Clarence Thomas.
Clarence Thomas doesn't do many interviews.

Friday's my usual day, ma'am. Mrs. Vandemeyer lifted her eyebrows.
Mrs. Vandemeyer was expecting that another day would be the usual day, not Friday.

Each carries the title Unexplained Change in USPS FY 2001 Financial Picture.
The title was picked by the CEO of USPS. 

But since last week the RQ standard has been set at 170.
The RQ standard has been raised to 170.

Grantees were required to submit reports outlining their state plans by October 1, 1998.
The grantees  were offered a 5 thousand dollar grant.

In several instances the Corporation rejected reconfiguration plans developed and approved by all relevant stakeholders within a State, and provided no opportunity for the State to appeal that decision.
The State went to court because it had no other way to challenge the Corporation's decisions.

The only moments of conviction come from an Asian-American dominatrix called Pearl (Lucy Liu), who brings far more glee to the task of beating people up than the picture's star or director.
Pearl was a fan favorite for her provocative role and skimpy clothes.

7 Beginning in fiscal year 2000, FHWA appraised senior executives on these corporate management strategies.
Corporate management has ben working for the beneficiary of its people.

Revaluation of inventory and related property.
Property can be revalued by the IRS.

Do you think she is manipulating us for her own goal?Thorn stared at Jon for a long moment before speaking.
Thorn thought  before he answered, "Yes." 

Most of the resorts on the Strip have appeased family visitors by cleaning up their shows and covering up the showgirls.
Families became outraged when visiting resorts that openly showed nudity during their shows.

He was the Mahatma's favorite to lead India to independence.
Mahatma was the best-qualified candidate to lead India to independence. 

uh pretty substantially because the the unemployment rate is pretty high
The unemployment rate is at a record high.

When to Go
Summer is the best time to go.

For every 200 successful [alternative exam] takers, the courts would have 30,000 pro bono hours of service, to be utilized as the courts found most compelling.
As the takers increased, the hours would double. 

The game's current stars declared Woods the best player in the world and possibly in history.
Some famous players spoke out against the majority's judgment that Woods is the best player in the world.

But there is a deeper  A simple story is not the same as a simplistic one.
Simple stories are often detailed and lengthy.

do you have a favorite basketball team
Do you have a favorite basketball team or you don't follow the NBA?

The two leading local troupes, the Chung Ying Theatre Company and the Hong Kong Repertory Theatre, perform in Cantonese; there are English-language performances at the Fringe Club theaters, 2 Lower Albert Road, in Central.
The Cantonese-performing local troupes are the most popular because of their cultural relevancy.

LSSM is funded by the Legal Services Corporation (LSC)- a private, not-for-profit organization.
LSC is doing great 

The preamble to the final rule indicates that EPA evaluated three different methodologies for implementation.
Is indicated that EPA evaluated, for implementation, three different methodologies, according to the lawyer.

They had too many patients and, with every patient new to them, didn't know important details.
Since there were too many patients, they didn't know their names

The Coroner did not trouble to reply. 
He didn't want to talk about it anymore.

i've always found a fan you know of of either one or the other and so that of course means that when it comes to the American League my favorite team is the Red Sox
My favorite American League team is the Red Sox because I was raised to like them.

The barbudos (the bearded ones) triumphantly entered Santiago, then marched into Havana one week later.
The barbudos triumphantly entered Santiago without a fight.

yeah well have you heard anything about Jim Palmer
Have you heard anything from the camp about Jim Palmer?

If you didn't get enough of the astronomical clock in the cathedral, you can have a close-up view here of figures from the original 14th-century model.
The cathedral's current astronomical clock was designed in the 16th century. 

uh what subjects have you talked about
Have you talked about math?

It has also aired more than 80 episodes of The New Adventures of Winnie the Pooh . Disney Pooh horrifies Pooh traditionalists (abhorrent, says one young mother I know).
There are more than ninety episodes of The New Adventures of Winnie the Pooh.

An article derides the lack of authentic pop-music acts.
Pop-music acts are scripted, and allow no improvisation.

Since most movies are bad (both in the subjective aesthetic sense and in the cruder sense of being unpopular), discounting the bad ones would bleed revenue while probably not persuading many moviegoers to make the tradeoff between quality and cost.
I think there would be some advantages to discounting bad movies.

I had to fight the rest of the match with my guts out.
I fought the match one-handed, as the other hand was holding my intestines in.

Users of these products will need to step forward to help ensure the value of an enhanced financial reporting model and related auditor assurances for the effective functioning of U.S. capital markets.
The users need to specify their annual income.

And the British book reviews are more like publications revolving around literary life than mere reviews.
British book reviews are not mere reviews.

Ca'daan found it interesting that San'doro already marked Jon as the one to ask.
San'doro said Jon could answer anything.

But it isn't. 
But today, it isn't.

still because you guys ran into it a while back
You guys had a good head-start with it.

Elaborate booths selling arms and armors of leather and iron lined the Warrior's Court.
Booths were selling swords and axes.

Built in approximately 1140 in a spare, unornamented style that combines Frankish Romanesque with local traditions, the church was turned into an Islamic seminary after 1187, when the Crusaders lost Jerusalem.
The Crusaders gave up the church as part of a treaty.

Besides Dad and your father are going away and I guess it's about lunch time."  
Dad and your father will not eat lunch with us.

To help promote effective implementation of federal financial management reform, we studied the financial management practices and improvement efforts of nine leading public and private sector finance organizations to identify the success factors, practices, and outcomes associated with worldclass financial management.
We studied Bane capital for good examples of financial management reform.

The key challenge facing planners in the state is finding a way to increase funding in order to significantly expand the capacity for services.
There are other challenges which need resolving, but this main one is by far the most important.

Shards of steel shot through the air.
The swords shattered.

HKTA offers lessons in these exercises that improve concentration and balance at Garden Plaza, Hong Kong Park, Admiralty.
HKTA's lessons are a great bargain. 

Unable to formulate a precise allegation, one reporter asked Bauer whether his behavior with McClard had been flirtatious or in any way different from how you interact with other aides ( no).
Bauer flirted with McClard every day.

you know and this is like across the street this was a nice part of town
It doesn't matter where you are in town, crime keeps happening. 

They have mainstream acceptance and no shock value, and are worn by young career women and old grandmothers alike.
The clothing is not hip or cool. 

yeah we've yeah we've had uh a sick animal and uh the vet you know the dog and vet's are so expensive that uh we uh the credit card helped us a lot there too so we wouldn't do without them
The vet was understanding with our bill.

exchange electronic messages, obtain data from remote computer sites, and maintain critical records.
You must maintain critical records in accordance of the American Bar Association.

being a dental hygienist works by appointments so she if she has a day scheduled where she has to get the kids into the day care to of them take them to school and she has uh a
Dental hygenists work by appointments so they can't cancel them at the last minute.

Blumenthal's contemptible insinuations are a reminder that there is nearly always something provincial and self-serving about the response of American intellectuals to Whittaker Chambers.
American intellectuals benefits from their responses to Whittaker Chambers.

Public comment is requested on all draft revisions to the standards.
We want to know what the public thinks if we're are going to revise the standards of the dress code. 

Some men oughtta put a hobble on their tongues.
His big mouth got us all in trouble.,

well i mean like i say if you're if you're you know if you're at an upper level in the rank category you know you're probably pulling down close to seventy grand a year
But, if you're on the lower side in the rankings, you may be pulling about 35.000 a year.

Were we seeing it tonight?
Were we seeing it at the cinema?

I'm in a strange, barren, surreal setting and there are lots of snakes.
I am scared half to death in this place with all the snakes.

The Food and Drug Administration (FDA) performed a cost and benefit analysis evaluating the economic impact of the final rule.
The final rule made it so that companies had to place labels on their food packaging indicating specified information.

The Government has designed this program to use the legal profession and the established Judiciary of the States and the Federal Government to accomplish its end of assisting welfare claimants in determination or receipt of their benefits.
The Government has found that assisting welfare claimants was too much of a hassle, and the program was more efficient.

In the early stages of her career, Evita was fleshier and raunchier and blended better with Madonna's present persona.
Evita's singing voice blended well with Madonna's.

don't you how come
Why don't you call more?

Their tomb can be viewed through the gate of a nearby crypt.
Their tomb is large.

uh-huh no because they've taken them from the people because the Marxist Leninist theology is to i mean it really is its own religion it it could be classified in theological terms as a religion because it is
Marxist-Leninism fits the terms for a religion, but I don't think it should be.

Snap my fingers thus, yell _abracadabra_ and give him egg in his beer?  He stopped to stare at his hand, where a can of beer had suddenly materialized!
He first only felt the ice cold, hard object in his hand, which made his hand hurt, and he was momentarily confused, then looked down and was amazed to see that a can of beer had appeared.

And 's a comparison between Lidie Newton and an early Smiley novel, Duplicate Keys .
Duplicate Keys was Smiley's best Novel. 

Resuming a tradition of classical Rome in his work at Versailles, Andr?? Le N??tre used the paths and avenues of trees and statuary to divide flowerbeds, ponds, and fountain basins into intricate geometric patterns.
Intricate geometric patterns are the most important part of the design.

Yet it's not only the building itself that is fascinating; it is also its place in Scottish history.
The building played an important role in the rise of the first Scottish King.

and patient plans to address excessive drinking.
All patients plan address drinking in excess since it can be detrimental to their recovery.

This is not an argument for the legalization or decriminalization of drugs
Taxation is not an argument for decriminalizing drugs. 

A trade unionist member of the Hong Kong government's labor affairs committee has proposed a minimum hourly wage in the territory of $35 HK.
They wanted to raise the current hourly wage in their country.

yes now that there there's some wonderful Christian music when you can find good stations uh the problem problem that i found um in this area is that the
There is bad Christian music on some stations.

He was making no move toward them.
He was making no quick movements toward them.

Which suggests that if you really believe that stocks are actually no riskier than a savings account--or, rather, if you believe that everyone else will come to believe this--the Dow may still have 3,888 or so points to go.
While there are those that believe that stocks are a harmless investment, these people often have money stashed under the mattress.

Whereas fashion photography--in the '50s as always--aimed to arouse active lust for new goods, the clothes in '50s movies were so thoroughly surreal as to look quite unfit for normal wear, even if they were waitresses' uniforms or girl-next-door dresses.
The push in the 1950s was to make clothes look surreal and it made a lot of models famous.

um-hum yeah and yeah that's handy and they're just there you know when you want to use them
They are always there for free anytime you want one.

so the the end scenes are are kind of suspenseful you know when she realizes he's in the house you know after her but uh kind of had the feeling along that uh why didn't she just tell him to straighten up  you know why didn't she just tell him hey look bucko you don't get away with this nonsense
I think the movie is a bit far-fetched. 

Tax incentives affect how people save for retirement but do not necessarily increase the overall level of personal saving.
Tax incentives are different from saving

Their linguistic contortions turn into bodily contortions as they literally tie themselves in knots, their desperation for attention doing battle with their determination to say nothing worthy of it.
Linguistic contortions are also bodily contortions- both are knots- says the writer.

but yeah there are more drinkers than smokers if you think about it
There are a ton more drinkers than smokers if you look at the world.

Hanson co-wrote the underrated White Dog (1982) with Sam Fuller, and there's a touch of Fuller in this film's lugubrious trashiness.
White Dog did not receive any Academy Awards in 1982.

Approval thresholds, for example, should show which officials have the authority to review and approve acquisitions.
Without approval thresholds, there is no way to know who should be held accountable for approval and review of acquisitions.

Dogs are charming.
Dogs wagging their tails are charming.

Along the coast Provence bristles with cultural activity in the summer months, each town using its ancient amphitheater, cathedral, or palace as a magnificent setting for festivals of music, theater, and the other arts .
Most towns in Provence have palaces, which are used for music festivals.

Greens fees are constant year round.
Each year there is a moderate increase in the greens fees.

The net $85 billion cut, they note, is less than 1 percent of the taxes the government expects to collect over the next five years.
Less than 1% of taxes will be cut from individuals.

So my duties were restricted to parading around in public and the occasional wave.
I was only allowed to parade down the street once a week.

If Microsoft does succeed in its takeover of Mattel, an unlikely event given that no such talks are in progress or even contemplated, these News Quiz Action Figures will be hitting Toys R Us just in time for some annual event traditionally cheapened by ritualized gift-giving stripped of any genuine feeling.
Microsoft is planning many acquisitions.

If I have a hair from your head, I can model you with power over you.
The narrator is a vampire and this is one of their vampire powers.

Then, in a further burst of anger, he swung off the trail.
The anger was due to litter being left by kids on the trail.

As he began walking with the girl toward a huge tent that should have belonged to a circus, he could see other discrepancies.
The red tent was so huge it could have belonged to a circus.

The Congress continues to turn to GAO for assistance on significant issues facing the nation-in fact, we face record demands for our services.
The GAO's software system has crashed due to too many requests for their services.

and plus i think that the uh mothers the husbands and wives both having to work
When both parents have to work it is hard to have much family time.

Kells, he ought t' have them vittles put together right 'bout now.
Let's go eat what Kells made.

For further information contact The British Mountaineering Council, 177 179 Burton Road, West Didsbury, Manchester, M20 2BB; Tel. (0161) 445-4747; fax (0161) 445-4500.
The British Mountaineering Council rarely answers the phone when they should.

they don't have any college probably much at all and if we can't take it and use it easily well we how can you put that on like elderly people and
They probably don't have and college education.

The vision may also seem less grim because when Coven finally premieres, at the end of American Movie , the images we're shown from it have a certain George Romero-ish graphic power--not at all what we expect from the comically inept production process.
During the production, several people were injured and walked off the set.

There was Sage.
Sage was there at the mill.

which means that if you have a good year winning one run one run games that the following year you'll have a bad year and they they've got um they've looked at i think twenty three teams uh and and the uh the statistics are something like twenty one out of twenty three it was which means that the Rangers are going to have a terrible year i think
Their statistics are usually good at predicting teams' performances.

that's amazing yeah we've never had a cat of course like i said i guess the only time i've ever had a cat in the car has been in a carrier maybe maybe if we didn't put them in carriers maybe they would enjoy it more i don't know
We could easily transport our dogs in the car.

If there is a cultural civil war going on, the Mediaphiles--led by Wall Street--have routed the 'phobes.
The Wall Street-led media has inspired a clash of cultures in a number of ways.

As I've discussed in my testimony, the increasing complexity of issues and the accelerating change in government-major factors in GAO's strategic plan-helped us realize that this realignment was necessary to better position GAO for serving the future needs of the Congress.
I've had over a dozen discussions about my testimony.

oh is that right that's wonderful
You got excepted into college? That's great.

Who in the hell cares whether anyone thinks someone else will go to heaven?
Who cares if someone does or doesn't go to heaven?

no people would rather hide their head and
People like to take the easy way out and hold no responsibility.

The recreational pleasures that ordinary islanders enjoy have become synonymous with the name  dancing to the heavily rhythmic musical beat; taking a little marijuana (or  ganja,  as it's known here), which many Jamaicans view as a kind of medicinal herb; or simply sitting back and chatting with friends on a bench or street corner, where the situation is described as  Irie  the equivalent of  Everything's just fine!  
Jamaicans smoke ganja every day.

In vain Mary and John tried to administer more brandy. 
Mary and John tried to use more brandy, but it did not appear to help.

But the major breakthrough for the Malay economy was the triumph of rubber, when Singapore's new garden director, Henry Ridle ( Rubber Ridley  to his friends,  Mad Ridley  to all doubting Thomases) had developed new planting and tapping methods and painstakingly spread his faith in rubber around the peninsula.
The Malay economy was the first economy to produce rubber. 

This is an exact reproduction of it:,  I was puzzled. 
The copy was extraordinary. 

Perfectly, sir.
Not at all, sir

I don't know if this could have been a big studio picture in wide release unless he got financing from someone like Joel Silver.
Joel Silver gave him one million dollars for his picture.

What if he was bringing danger to his town instead of salvation?
What if it was war he was bringing and not salvation?

As a practical matter, this interpretation would also bar most other legal representation for H-2A workers, since the record clearly demonstrates that, due to their fear of losing their jobs, their isolation, lack of resources and language skills, and vulnerability, H-2A workers often are both unwilling and unable to contact a legal services office until after they have left their employment.
The H-2A workers are worried they will be unemployed.

Surely that is, paradoxically, the most persuasive reason to slow down a bit at work and hang out more at home.
They were overworked and needed some down time. 

She has not conducted any powerful investigations, but she has had the wisdom not to block others from conducting them.
She had conducted a lot of other investigations, but nothing powerful.

CA'DAAN'S UNCLE KNOWS WHO THEY ARE AND WHY THEY ARE HERE.
Ca'daan's uncle told them all about the situation.

Unemployment has dropped to 2.6 percent between February and April 1997 from 3.3 percent in the same period a year ago.
Unemployment will continue to drop for the year 1997.

Ultimately, we may find that GAO needs a new name-the words general accounting office do not really capture our more complex role anymore.
In addition to general accounting, GAO also performs special accounting.

 Ser Perth shrugged slightly.
Perth shrugged his shoulders just a little bit as a response.

But that had been a round dance at Court House Day compared to this.
There was nothing harder than this.

The collective knowledge comes together and saves them time that they can spend on their cases.
They have been asking nonstop for an online means of accessing the collective knowledge.

wow that's a lot for a townhouse but that's what happens when you get up in this area you know you got all these companies are up here and these they i guess they know they're going to get it
You paid way too much for that townhouse in my opinion.

Outside, flying Raptors rattled the windows; an aerial assault from flustered dinosaurs.
The Raptors flew by the house looking for food.

The Grande Arche is farther away than most of the towers, and only when you get close do you realize just how big it is.
It was an hour walk from the other towers.

Ras Mohammed also protects the environment along the shoreline of the Sinai, including rare mangrove forests with abundant bird life.
The birds in the Sinai mangrove forests eat large quantities of fish.  

By the end of that one-hour lunch, he had listed off at least 20 projects - not the least of which was a new shelter -- and was sitting there waiting for me to respond.
Towards the finale of an hour long lunch, he had presented at least 20 projects, including a new shelter and his personal vision for  the park, and intended for me to chime in.

A bit farther along, you'll certainly want to turn off the coast road and head up to the Carbet falls.
About fifty miles from there, you'll want to turn to head up to Cabaret falls.

From the evidence at the inquest, Mr. Inglethorp murdered his wife as sure as I stand here, and if anyone but you hinted the contrary I'd laugh in his face. 
It is clear that Mr. Inglethorp poisoned his wife.

In the towns it is notable that the churches and other focal points from that period were built on an elevated site to provide lookout posts and early warning systems.
Churches were built on elevated sites so they could see the French approaching.

Traditional Dance and Theater
traditional dance, theater, and music 

OMB provided guidance on the preparation and submission of strategic plans as a new part of its Circular No.
OMB always creates guidance for submitting plans.

Still, it cannot be helped, it is only a matter of waiting until the morning." He looked across at the inert figure on the bed.
He was worried about the health of the person on the bed.

There are also several open-air restaurants where you can enjoy fresh seafood.
Menu items include shrimp, crab, and clams.

It might just be that Moesha is about advertising dollars and not about oppressing the beleaguered white man.
Moesha is just there to make money, not make a statement about race.

uh you know it's if some if a teacher does anything that uh they're liable to have a law suit against them for for uh cruel and unjust punishment or whatever
They might also get banned from teaching.

well see tomatoes grow like crazy at our house Like we have a section of tomatoes and we put the tomatoes there every year in the same section And i swear we get tomatoes six rows up
We always have an abundance of tomatoes each year.

Now, I like pleats, and I was consoled briefly in the changing room by the thought that this subtlest of fashion statements was all that a Slate guy needed.
I like pleats on dress pants.

What it does mean, though, is that commoditization does its work not by becoming a reality (which would entail ever-shrinking margins and stagnant stock prices) but by remaining a perpetually present threat.
Commoditization works for industrialized nations not by being a reality but by being a threat.

We know that our dress is only a trivial sign of our liberation, but it is a sign we enjoy.
This sign has a very important meaning to us.

You know, I turned it on, entered all the data, and it said that Robi would come home drunk and start throwing the furniture out the window, so I hadn't even bothered to clean.
The data was wrong when it said that Robi would throw things out the window.

The palace was almost totally destroyed in the air raids of World War II, then rebuilt in ferroconcrete.
The Imperial Palace was rebuilt after World War II to withstand air raids.

Falwell, I had just finished reading a novelistic treatment of these events, Assassins , which is subtitled  Jerusalem,  Antichrist . Assassins is the sixth book in the Left Behind series, left behind referring to those unfortunate nonevangelical Christians who are not taken up to heaven in the Rapture--the opening act in God's end days plan--and are forced to contend with the Antichrist's evil reign on Earth.
The characters in the book are sad about not being raptured.

Yeltsin's a drunk, concluded Evan Thomas and Jack Germond (both on Inside Washington ). Inebriated bluster, agreed Buchanan, of a country that is no longer great.
Yeltsin's proclivity for alcohol had made the country fall from greatness.

As recently reported by GAO, most federal agencies are far from meeting the goals set by GPRA for performance data on which the Administration and Congress can rely on in setting budget amounts and appropriations levels.
GAO says that 80% of federal agencies are not meeting the GPRA goals.

I was fearfully keen about the war, and just dying to help somehow or other.
I was waiting for a chance to help victims of the war as a medical doctor.

In the adjoining square, the 16th-century Neptune Fountain is one of the town's most popular symbols, for which Giambologna sculpted the bronze sea god surrounded by nymphs and cherubs.
The Neptune Fountain is considered the most well known landmark in the town.

The Plan provides for a minimum of nine offices and a 51-member board that is appointed in proportion to poverty population from the 14 judicial districts throughout the state.
The Plan provides for a minimum of nine offices and a 51-member board and enough food to last the 51 individuals about a century.

Even those areas that would not be brought into attainment by these caps would need significantly fewer emission reductions to come into attainment.
Areas that can't be capped would need fewer emissions reductions because of complicated technology.

The Agora is a Seattle-based regional network of over 600 professionals representing a variety of fields, including information systems security; law enforcement; local, state, and federal governments; engineering; information technology; academics; and other specialties.
They wanted to have an event to bring different fields together.

He kicked hard and the horse calmed but still quivered in fury.
The horse was ready to buck again.

LSC is committed to continuing to improve the accuracy of its case statistics, vigorously enforcing the Congressional restrictions enacted in 1996, and creating new and more meaningful ways to evaluate the work of legal services programs receiving federal funds.
LSC wants to improve statistical accuracy in how many people truly need the service.

Thus, when volume is reduced total variable cost is reduced by the same percentage.
Variable costs do not necessarily have a linear relationship with volume.

Second, the companies captured design and manufacturing knowledge before the two critical decision points in product  when the design was demonstrated to be stable-the second knowledge point-and when the product was demonstrated to be producible at an affordable cost-the third knowledge point.
The profit from this product will hover around 50 percent.

There she is.
She's over there, but she's quite upset, so it may not be wise to approach her.

He placed a wooden hand in mine and said: "This is a pleasure, Mr. Hastings." Then, turning to his wife: "Emily dearest, I think that cushion is a little damp." She beamed fondly on him, as he substituted another with every demonstration of the tenderest care. 
He looked at his wife and complained about the cushion that had been left in the rain.

Glavya is a blend of whisky, herbal oils, honey, and sugar.
There is more honey than sugar in Glavya

For example, the authors of the aforementioned New England Journal study characterized their finding of a 20 percent mortality reduction as slight.
The authors of the study are ignorant and misinformed. 

mine doesn't  i know what you're saying
I have had this conversation many times before.

No. Sum income.
No. All the income added together.

While most families say they recognize the need to save for retirement, many do not save in any systematic way.
Many families only save 5% of their income for retirement.

Beyea said the report's findings are timely, given that Chief Justice Leigh Saufley has said that one of her priorities is to provide GALs to all children, regardless of economic background.
They reported that the majority they served were below poverty level.

it there's a way to recycle everything and and um if your husband just retired then i've got to believe that you've got to be old enough to remember that back during the wars hey recycling was the thing to do i mean you didn't
You can recycle anything in your house.

3) He needs to get lucky the way Clinton did in 1992.
If he wants to be as successful as Clinton, he needs to rely to some extent on pure luck.

One- I would have to do it.
I do not want to do it, but I have to.

Of the topless-only clubs (all of which have full bars), the two best are Cheetah's Topless Lounge, 2112 Western Avenue (Tel.702/384-0074), an intimate, friendly place, and Olympic Garden Cabaret, 1531 Las Vegas Boulevard South (Tel. 702/385-8987) which, with eleven full-size stages, is quite the opposite.
Those who are unfamiliar with the nightlife prefer the topless-only clubs to start.

As an alternative to my approach, in which the growth in Holocaust memory is to be explained by the contemporary purposes it serves, you suggest a focus on the Jewish tradition of remembering catastrophes.
Our approaches to the Holocaust memory are very different.

The small Mayfair streets were comparatively deserted, and he judged it wise to content himself with keeping them in sight.
People were on other streets but not this one.

A proper RFP is a critical element of a successful acquisition because it becomes part of the binding contract once a proposal is made and accepted.
The binding contracts between organizations and government must contain a proper RFP. 

[Illustration]  "Tell me," said the Industrialist, "what do these friends from space want in return?"  
"How can we repay these visitors from space?" asked the Industrialist.

In response to criticism, last week the U.S. government guaranteed a $3-billion loan to Indonesia.
The US Government has guaranteed numerous loans to Indonesia.  

Then I'll go to bed directly after supper. She went into the boudoir again, and Cynthia stared after her. 
They finished supper and she went directly to bed, while Cynthia stared after her. 

and uh it makes the room look remarkably smaller
Once we moved the bed to the other side of the room, the size of the room seemed to shrink considerably. 

The buses stand in line on Waverley Street near the main railway station.
The buses line up waiting for passengers.

Adrin's hand went to the hilt of his rapier.
Adrin was preparing to stab something.

(Quayle--that tax-and-spend liberal--would set it at a whopping 19 percent.)
The liberal, Quayle, would justify setting the rate at an astronomical 19%.

to decide
to decide on whether they are innocent or guilty.

Veterans Affairs, and the Environmental Protection Agency.
environmental protection administration.

Where'd these come from anyway, Kirby? Drew retailed the story he had heard from Stein.
Drew did not miss a single detail from the story Stein had told him.

um seedling to plant you know  you could take the the
Could you take the tomato plant that grew from the seedling I bought last month?

The cathedral's interior is a vast and noble space divided by 52 columns, showing its North European influence in the soaring columns and a decoration of stained-glass windows, from the 15th century to the present day.
The columns were designed by a team of German architects.

that's true  certainly not localized there
It has spread out a lot.

How do Mary Matalin and James Carville do it?
How do Matalin and Carville survive in a relationship when they disagree so much?

and uh and his like his other parents grandparents on his other side both were in a nursing home and his grandmother his other grandmother his dad's mother finally went into a coma and she was in a coma for almost two years in a nursing before before she passed away and that that was awful
She died because of the coma.

The Sejm moved to Warsaw in 1569, and the death of the last ruler of the Jagiellonian dynasty, Zygmunt August, led to the creation of a Republic of Nobles and an elective monarchy that would serve it.
The Sejm had been in Gdansk in the 15th century.

As a great hack once said, the essence of hackery is adjusting a minimum of information to produce the maximum journalistic effect.
Hackery is giving minimum information but it helps the public keep up with journalism.

poor thing part of it was my fault i guess i just didn't take care of it like i should have
i was partly to blame for not taking care of it the way the pet store told me to

change of location and it was very disturbing for her because she had been so used to traveling i mean she traveled she had she had children all across the United States and you know she spent nine months out of the year just visiting her children
it was difficult because she wasn't able to travel anymore--she traveled a lot, and spent nine months traveling and visiting her children all over the united states

He's not a moron.'
He is intelligent.

 "Well, there won't be any huntin' of that kind, León.
There won't be any of that hunting ever, Leon.

um at TI they're doing recycling i mean for a long time they didn't do this but now they're they're recycling cans and paper we have separate bins
i work at TI, so i know all about their new recycling program

'Wake that driver up.
Driver is snoring happily, so waking him up will be hard.

Alternatively, try salmonete (red mullet), mero (grouper), or lenguado (sole).
Salmonete will be a better pick compared to lenguado.

Clinton has said oral sex doesn't count.
Clinton denied having oral sex because it shouldn't count.

VoiceType is IBM's previous generation of voice-recognition software.
VoiceType is the best voice-recognition software on the market.

the two little cars i've got now bought a Mitsubishi Mirage here a couple years ago and and it was normally carbureted and it's fairly easy to work with because there's not just a whole lot in it to go wrong and you know changing the plugs and stuff
I love the Mirage I bought but I've always bought Mitsubishis. 

They hadn't found the papers.
They found the books, though. 

According to the Maastricht Treaty, the currency will be put into circulation only after individual national economies have hit certain targets--such as a sufficiently low ratio of debt to gross domestic product.
The currency will be the solution to the nation's economic troubles.

You get to be patriotic and hawkish.
You also get to be loud when you speak.

Ca'daan marveled at the two men, machines built for the art of war.
The two men carried really advanced weapons.

Stay with Gauve.
Gauve does not want to be left alone. 

His long black hair hung down, obscuring his face.
His hair covered part of his face but you could still see his evil eyes. 

In order to estimate ozone-related health and welfare effects for the eastern U.S., fullseason ozone data are required for every CAPMS grid-cell.
CPMS grid cells are essential for estimating ozone effects

On your return to the center of East Jerusalem from Mount Scopus, you will pass the British War Cemetery, a resting place for soldiers who fell fighting for Jerusalem in 1917 and another reminder of the city's turbulent history.
It takes 45 minutes to travel from Mount Scopus to East Jerusalem by foot. 

George W. Bush said he hasn't used drugs since 1974.
It's believed that George W. Bush may be telling a slight fallacy when claiming that he's been sober from drug use for over 40 years.

that's really good
It's great that you are able to do that.

Sounds to me like somebody's rethought his opposition to physician-assisted suicide.
It took years to win them over to the other side.

Once hired, the company sends these employees back to college for IT training and invests in them.
The company invests in their employees because studies show that it is a good, efficient way to generate employee loyalty.

yeah i really don't have any other
This is it for me.

uh because you  because even even my oldest uh child when he comes uh comes to the house he's still he's still my my my child and and i don't think of him as an adult yet and uh that that's one of his complaints
My oldest child hates that i don't yet think of him as an adult.

right you bet yeah we'll that you know  and there's a lot of places with uh like nature trails things like that where they could learn a lot too
It's really great for them to go walking on nature trails.

huh-uh swimming is for swimming
Yeah, swimming is for swimming don't use it anywhere else.

and uh when you pull it out it's called bisque uh it started it off with greenware when you first start off and then it goes to bisque and that's when you can paint it
You can't paint it when it's still greenware, you have to wait when it goes to bisque.

Compare Masolino's sweet and harmonious Adam and Eve in his Original Sin (chapel entrance, upper right) with Masaccio's agonizing figures in the Expulsion from the Garden of Eden, opposite, to appreciate one of the early Renaissance's most dramatic statements.
Masaccio's Expulsion from the Garden of Eden was typical of his dramatic style.

The Supreme Court began its new term.
The supreme court operates in 10 month terms.

But the German army wreaked brutal reprisals on the civilians.
Firing squads were a common occurrence.

The next hole, the 17 th , we all watched in gut-wrenching horror as Lehman hit his approach shot into the pond.
Lehman jumped into the pond after his golf ball. 

Jim sat in on our weekly meetings, listening to people talk about their cases, Broker says. 
Jim learned a lot during those meetings.

huh ours haven't done anything yet this year
They were supposed to do something by now.  

But in keeping with the Italians' traditional local attachments, their first unions were camere del lavoro, regionally based chambers of labor linking workers to their town or commune rather than their individual trade.
The Italians' traditional approach ensured a steady economical and social development in the long run.

In 1986, rows of black-and-white striped stone columns were added to the main quadrangle, the Cour d'Honneur.
There are rows of columns that were added 100 years after it was built.

The inspection activities are for a variety of  to ensure that dutiable merchandise is declared, to seize contraband (such as narcotics and illegal drugs), to detect infringements of patent and copyright laws, and so forth.
The inspection activities are only a 5 minute activity.

The Moors called it Altaya, meaning Health for All, but not before they had destroyed the first settlement and rebuilt the town.
The first settlement had a population of 1 million.

right i have a sister that can can uh crochet real well or or knit i i guess i mean knit and she knits things like hats and uh sweaters an you know
She's really talented when it comes to knitting.

(When his father died, Daniel was in jail for driving a car with stolen tags.)
Daniel was saddened by his father's death.

The Rue du Roi-Ren?? will take you past some handsome 17th- and 18th-century?­ houses; and on the pretty, cobblestoned Rue des Tein?­tu?­riers you can see where the dyers used to work the paddlewheels for their Indian-style cloth in the little Sorgue river, emerging here from its underground course.
The Sorgue river was also near the home of the merchants who would sell the dye.

There are delightful wooden figures made as servants for the dead.
The wooden figures are carved by chlidren.

Top Level Reviews of Actual Performance
There are reviews from the normal crowd.

The erotica is probably best explained, however, along with Nepal's ubiquitous Shiva lingams (phalluses) and the female yoni symbols, as an expression of the creative energy in male-female relations and the pleasure principles of Tantrism.
The erotica took over a century to write.

Overbooking is the norm, she said.
She said that flights are always overbooked, with the assumption that some people will cancel.

CHAPTER 1
A book begins.

If Oprah's not safe, no one is.
Oprah isn't safe.

that's right that's all afternoon i'll tell you what but uh
You will have to plan to have the whole afternoon free.

In Los Angeles County, the Vietnamese population rose nearly 25 percent in the decade, while the Chinese population leaped by more than 34 percent.
The Chinese population increase was the greatest of any given race in Los Angeles County.

they're almost more like dogs one's name is Malcolm and he sort of follows you from room to room wherever you go and things like that so it's really really cute
The other is named Steve and will usually ignore you.

I saw you roll out of your saddle back in Tennessee.
I also saw you roll out of your saddle in Virginia.

She was saying, finally, "I tell you they're in the barn.
She knew that she was giving them away.

Now they admit this was wrong.
They now admit this was wrong, but it's too late.

yeah yeah yeah in fact it got some pretty serious deep parts in it so
The deep parts really make you think.

Doing a good case study is more than just looking at what is happening in a few instances.
To be considered good, a case study should look at at least 1,000 individual instances. 

Thousands of Iowans who live in mobile homes face increasingly unsafe conditions because no laws exist to govern how landlords care for property outside city limits, advocates say.
Thousands of Iowans living in mobile homes face unsafe conditions because there are no laws governing how landlords care for those properties and how they charge their clients.

The principle of Mutually Assured Destruction, after all, dictated that once nukes are launched, retaliation becomes much easier.
The principle of Mutually Assured Destruction is widely approved of.

Scholes and Merton reportedly are applauded when they appear on the floor of the options exchange, which shows that options traders are at least appreciative, if not deserving, of the rare charities that they receive.
Merton appears on the trading floor once a month. 

But even with the advent of federal government saving in the late 1990s, national saving available for new investment remains relatively low, in large part because personal saving has dramatically declined.
Personal saving had dramatically declined due to an influx of prostitutes.

we got a couple of big trees out front um i guess right along our street there used to be one of the um lines i guess there was fields here many many years ago cotton fields or something and
My great grandfather was a cotton picker in a different county.

I'll look around."Drew paused to glance into the single small, glass-fronted case which was Stein's claim to fame in the surrounding territory.
Drew glanced into the small case because it was beautiful.

By consuming the media, it has overshadowed and smothered more dangerous anti-McCain stories.
Overshadowing the anti-McCain stories was a decidedly bad idea.

It's not clear what, if any, effect this spot had on the outcome.
The spot might have been effective.

oh i know i can't imagine even well that would it is just pretty bad but so i guess um
It is not a good thing at all.

Despite the assertions of some CEOs, while one key player can make a difference, it requires a team of talented executives to add shareholder value and manage shareholder risk over time.
Only teams of talented people can add shareholder value.

Meanwhile, in June alone, big Chinese enterprises affiliated with ministries and local governments raised 17.
Chinese companies try to be closer to other organizations to get more customers.

Changes in surface water chemistry are characterized by changes in Acid Neutralizing Capacity (ANC) - the ability of a waterbody to neutralize strong acids added from atmospheric deposition.
Changes in surface water chemistry are characterized by changes in the ANC, as set forth by the EPA.

Besides its permanent art collections and popular library open to all, ingenious exhibits cover every aspect of contemporary life, artistic and technological, and the aesthetics of consumer culture.
The library is open to everyone, so it is sometimes crowded.

In addition, how surpluses are used has long-term implications for future economic growth.
Surpluses are irritating 

The culture of fund-raising rewards quantity, not care.
In fund-raising, the more money you make, the more lives you can save.

Forty-one states have advisories warning the public to restrict eating fish from local waters due to methylmercury.
The fish in 41 states may have ingested methylmercury.

Streets that have felt the footfalls of ancient Greeks and Romans still lead to the front doors of their homes and shops.
People are proud to live and work along these ancient streets.

Hawaii's Other Islands
Hawaii's Other Islands is the title of a mystery novel.

Don't you remember all those wise old words you wrote? Tranquillity, peace and enlightenment? Be worthy of the man history remembers.'
You are much changed since you wrote your wise words. 

During PE, the exercises were designed to practice joystick skills and stretch the spine.
The exercises involved sitting on their butts.

In cases where LSC counsel were attorneys of record, there would be lingering doubt whether the truncated representation had resulted in complete analysis of the case, full advice to the client, and proper presentation to the court.
It is inappropriate for LSC counsel to be attorneys of record. 

Lindsay, who has suffered several strokes and moved with his wife, Shirley, to an assisted-care community in Jacksonville, Fla. was back in town for Jim Lindsay Day, which included a tour of the shelter and a reception attended by many of the people whose lives he touched as a volunteer with Savannah nonprofits.
Lindsay has had a major stroke which left his right side weak along with countless mini strokes. 

whether the live live oaks is not really an oak i guess it's something oh
A lot of plants are classified according to their characteristics.

Further, it requires that agencies modernize inefficient administrative and missionrelated work processes before making significant technology investments to support them.
Agencies are dragging their feet on modernizing their practices.

It is estimated that a storage silo that is sized for 15 days of AC storage at full load for a 500 MWe plant firing bituminous coal and with only an ESP would be about 10.
A storage silo can store a factory's supply of AC for two weeks because that is the maximum allowed.

Perched on a hill 3 km/2 miles north of the city, it's less convenient than hotels in the old quarter, but perfect if you've got some time to relax in Segovia and aren't on a whirlwind tour of Castile.
It's on a hill near the city and has amazing views.

i'm trying to think of anything else i do as a hobby um i don't even watch TV very much i was tonight but
TV just doesn't appeal to me. 

And some insiders even claimed that kids at PEES had surfed adult websites during classes.
Kids were looking at porn during classes.

The museum was filled with inaccurate biographical details and poorly-shot photographs.
The museum had lots of photos that were out of focus.

well man that's that's just ridiculous
I cannot believe that it is actually real.

Drew shook his head.
Drew shook his head vigorously.

Such access generally includes the ability to make and retain copies of the evidence.
Access should only be granted to someone with a valid state issued photo ID.

He replied that he had put it back where he found it." The lawyer paused again.
The lawyer took a drink of water after stating the man put the item back.

yeah actually i feel kind of sorry for them right now because the people are are are uh wanting things that we have that they're not allowed i mean just some basic freedoms and and their government is not allowing it and Gorbachev seems to be going back on some of the things that he's been trying to push
They do not have the freedom of speech to speak against their government.

oh that's interesting you know that you know that there is a down side to all this you know about no good deed going unpunished that uh my mother sells um
You may be surprised when you realize that recycling has certain drawbacks.

Although official braiders can be found in pink booths along the beach, any number of  unofficial  ladies can be found at the cafes and bars.
The official braiders cost much more then the unofficial ladies. 

recognizes the revenue as nonexchange or exchange revenue, depending on its nature, according to the applicable revenue standards.)
The applicable revenue standards are looked over every year.

probably total cost with monthly minimum and cart storage and membership would make it about a thousand dollars a year
The total should not exceed a thousand dollars.

uh the ones to the south are more regional conflict they're not really that worried about invading north they're more interested in they've got a screwed up situation i'll give them that from Mexico all the way down into Central Central and South America the situation down there is weird and it's very screwed up
The situation north of Mexico is perfectly fine.

PROBABLE - That which can reasonably be expected or believed to be more likely than not on the basis of available evidence or logic but which is neither certain nor proven.
Probable means what is likely to happen so it's not certain or proven and it's also the basis of a mathematical law.

In its fiscal year 2002 performance plan OPM reported that, beginning in fiscal year 2002, it will phase in a new business model for retirement claims processing.
Beginning fiscal year 2002 up to 2005, a different business model will be used for retirement claims.

Gambling provides almost 40 percent of the government's tax revenues, and is a major source of employment.
Gambling also contributes to a lot of a lawlessness.

Households hold stocks directly as well as indirectly through mutual funds, pension funds, life insurers, and trusts.
Household must hold stocks in all four areas.

and (3) who should do the federal government's business in the 21st century?
The federal government will maintain a business in the 21st century.

anybody who plays the 49ers really
Anyone that is a player for the 49ers is rich.  

The importance of this phase of Irish history, for both the Irish themselves and civilization in general, cannot be overrated.
The Irish history is important so it is observed in that area.

That in no possible way could Mrs. Inglethorp's death benefit Miss Howard. 
Miss Howard didn't benefit from the death but she was glad Mrs. Inglethorp was gone.

Try to listen.
Attempt to listen to me.

Minutes passed.
Minutes felt like hours.

He was also a tough guy--a spear point was found lodged in his pelvis along with evidence of other warrior wounds.
He was killed by a spear.

Inside, the cathedral's majestic columns and arches are lit by fine stained-glass windows.
The interior of the cathedral is considered to be one of the most beautiful architectural structure.

Would you want Adrin defending your wife and children and then panic at the first sign of an enemy's sword?Ca'daan felt his fingers go numb.
He doubted the man's abilities.

um i was gainfully employed by Safeway Stores Incorporated
I was a valued employee of Safeway Stores Incorporated.

More tax cuts!
Having more tax cuts will bring an overall happier society.

Consistent with that view, we need to continue efforts to shift agency accountability-with appropriate safeguards and oversight- to budgeted resources and results and away from other inputs and processes.
The agency should not have any accountability for any other inputs and processes.

Does it work both ways?I don't know," said Jon.
Jon didn't know how the trip would work.

If these are not inherently desirable, or if a decision were made to give them less weight, changes could be made to eliminate them now, even without relaxing the Statutes.
Changes could be made to eliminate the legal jargon. 

I don't know anyone responsible and knowledgeable who can.
Most of my friends lack the right skills.

No signs of the Jewish presence remain, yet this five-aisled building, with 24 columns supporting horseshoe arches, was the main synagogue of 12th-century Toledo.
The building is today used as extra storage space for municipal vehicles.

Skeptical doctors assert that such NDEs are purely physiological (naval pilots exposed to extreme gravity also have visions of bright lights and a God figure).
These doctors don't believe NDEs really happen.

A trial of screening tests in various formats (e.g.
There are 28 formats when it comes to screening tests. 

They're steeped in a culture that honors power and conflict, yet plainly don't yet have the physiques to match the myth.
Their Japanese culture is concerned with honor.

Resources Management Regulation (FIRMR)
There are regulations about resource management for the EPA.

Coverage related load time is the fixed portion of load time at a stop
Coverage related load time is measured to ensure load time is effective.

um i i love ethnic foods i love um Chinese Indian Tai
I love chinese, indian and thai food due to my mixed background.

LSC has helped millions of low-income citizens solve important, sometimes life-threatening, civil legal problems.
LSC was wonderful for helping under privileged people with their legal woes. 

well those they're kind of nice but they're also um flimsy when you really look at them but then when you get inside they're really nice you know
They are actually made pretty well.

The rule also requires that specialists and market makers add limit orders priced at their quote to the size associated with their quote when that quote represents the best marketwide price.
Specialists and market makers must add, according to the rule, limit orders with a specific price, which was surprising for the businessman.

His hand went to his holster, and Drew's fist came down on the Texan's wrist, hard.
Drew didn't want the Texan to shoot his friend.

The program is discretionary, and Justice components can choose whether they want to include frequent flyer savings, lodging savings, or both.
The program can be altered to include travel savings for all federal employees.

For example, recent research suggests that capital goods are relatively cheaper in the United States than in other countries, which means it takes less saving to buy a given amount
Research says capital goods are cheaper in the US than elsewhere buy an average of 28%.

Its recommendation to increase pro bono engagement was addressed in 1993 when the Florida Supreme Court mandated pro bono reporting for Florida Bar members.
Florida wanted its judges to be the best judges in America.

Simple garbs in black and grey, designed to echo my previous outfit without appearing too antique- they at least kept all the frills.
The clothes were practical.

Rather than sponsor truncated representation, ante, at 11, Congress chose to subsidize only those cases in which the attorneys it subsidized could work freely.
The attorneys were happy with this compromise.

That situation, plus the gradual decline of Spanish naval power, proved very tempting to others.
The Spanish navy was declining because they had very few ships.

ninety nine i mean or something i got you right
Is it ninety nine or something else?

sure you're welcome okay bye-bye
Yes, your welcome, talk to you again soon.

yeah i like to cook
Cooking is one of my passions -- particularly baking delectable goodies!

Then she gave a cry.
Then she broke into tears.

Commitment.
Perservering.

From the ticket office you enter the temple complex through a colossal pylon, one of the most recent structures at the site and the largest constructed anywhere in Egypt during the Ptolemaic period.
The complex showcases the old and new structures.

Yes, but we age them quickly and pour them into the mold.  
The mold needs to have aged stuff.

oh i just read for escape  well i mean it's
I read to escape from issues at my house.

Once again she admitted to herself that she was afraid, horribly afraid, of the beautiful woman with the cruel eyes.
She admitted to herself once again that she was horribly afraid of the red-lipped, cruel-eyed beautiful woman.

Visitors are welcome to take their shoes off and walk through the tatami-mat rooms.
It is obligatory for visitors to remove their shoes prior to entering any of the tatami-mat rooms. 

Just short of two dozen men, six on horseback and the remainder on foot.
They traveled down the path with the men on foot in the rear.

Application control is designed to cover the processing of data within application software.
Application control is not very good at processing data.

Ian Fleming's James Bond was a snob and a lightweight.
Ian Fleming's James Bond received low ratings from critics.

The political consensus is that the Republicans are ready to deal this year and will work out a compromise budget, which won't balance either.
Pressures from the left will force the Republics to offer my funding for national infrastructure in the budget.

It has been subsequently converted by the Dutch to a Protestant church.
It changed hands, and changed denominations. 

It seemed so simple, but her soup wasn't as clear as Robi's, and besides that, it was inedible.
She followed the directions perfect, yet the soup turned out terrible.

If they have defined work schedules and are not expected to be available for duty on a roundtheclock basis, the T&amp;A requirements for civilian employees are operative and should be used.
Since the work schedules are defined, the authorities feel that it doesn't necessarily make sense to apply non-civilian employees.

But you can live with them.
You can live with the villagers.

In the central hall, identical marble sarcophagi are stacked four high.
The marble sarcophagi symbolize the respect shown to the ancestors they contain.

1.2 PLANT OPERATIONS
The plant has new procedures for operation.

(Read Shafer's review.)
Read Shader's review to learn about the genocide.

yes well i i don't know how that would ever happen here but at least um
I don't know how or if that could ever happen where I'm at.

Floor, walls, and ceiling swirl with special effects.
Floor, walls, and ceiling swirl with special effects for the amazing rave.

worth of getting on with  it is just thatquick cut between getting our monographs
Our monographs would require many hours of work.

Since some cost is recognized, even if not always the full cost of the entity,47 an exchange revenue is recognized for the entity that receives the inflow of interest.
Exchange revenue is recognized as an inflow of $100,000 in interest.

Each state plan must be viewed based on the totality of the circumstances, with the bottom-line consideration turning on LSC's studied determination as to whether a given service area configuration inures to the benefit of the greatest number of clients in the most cost-effective way.
The service areas aim to benefit all of their clients.

On his keyboard he typed various letters and numbers, which would become computer prograMs. In his company he was known as Office Desk, because when he was working he always sat behind his well-used piece of conference table standing in a hard to notice corner in the software specialists' room.
He had created more than one computer program since he had been working for his company.

In my view, current AICPA independence standards do not adequately ensure the independence of auditors who provide certain non-audit or consulting services to their audit clients.
AICP independence standards don't really help ensure that auditors will be independent, but rather just suggests it.

In addition to design engineers, a crossfunctional team of stakeholders in the process included key suppliers, manufacturing representatives, and service and maintenance representatives.
A crossfunctional team of stakeholders includes service representatives from the aviation industry..

In general, arts and cultural articles are posted early in the week, and newsier and political stuff is posted Thursday and Friday.
Political stories are at the end of the week because people get tired of hearing about it all week.

so any voice no matter what the speech pattern or the dialect or anything
It can recognize any speech regardless of dialect.

'For religious reasons.'
My religion says I can't eat pork.

uh i i guess i see all of us benefiting and i i don't see it just relegated to the young but i see i i see so much going on that that's bad and this would give them a chance to have some positive self esteem something that they turn back
this mandatory community service would give them something to be proud of

Although Ibiza is best known for its gay nightlife, Mallorca, and to a lesser extent Menorca, also have a spate of nightlife options aimed at alternative lifestyles.
Ibiza has a huge Gay Pride festival each year.

Nor does it seem fair to blame the bureaucrats.
Some people unfairly want to blame the bureaucrats.

Perhaps, then, she could resign herself to waiting patiently for ten o'clock.
She was just going to read a book until 10. 

'Start your motor going, Betsy Ann,' he ordered with some other mumbo-jumbo.
'Start your engine, Betsy Ann,' he commanded and yelled some other instructions.

It really sounds like you know what you're talking about.
You sound like you know a lot about politics.

The bear is a symbol of Madrid, while the T?­o Pepe sign, an advertisement for one of Spain's most famous brands of sherry, has become the unofficial symbol of the Puerta del Sol.
The bear is a symbol of Madrid because bears once attacked the city. 

Are there children who need to be entertained?
Children might need entertaining.

The use of these procedures regarding rules pertaining to nonroad engines or vehicles is mandated by section 307(d)(1)(R) of the Clean Air Act.
Before the Clean Air Act there was a lot of confusion concerning the procedural aspects of the rules.

and i worked that shift for eleven years
I worked the night shift for eleven years.

The publication also alleges that Carol Burnett's wandering chin is the result of an implant that won't stay put.
Due to her incredible impressions and hilarious slap-stick facial expressions, some critics have come to the conclusion that Carol Burnett has a roaming chin implant.

Ten years, sir.
There's nearly 10 more years to go before we can go through with this, sir.

On the other hand, proceeded Tuppence, "my millionaire would probably run for his life! 
The millionaire would run for his life because he's afraid of clowns.

I must confess that the conclusions I drew from those few scribbled words were quite erroneous. He smiled. 
I must add that I am ashamed of the error I made in my conclusion.

Planning an Italian vacation entails a series of difficult decisions.
Italian vacations involve more decisions to be made than a Spanish holiday.

The community needs, as a whole, I believe, to be proactive in pursuing of a rational, nation-wide approach that addresses both the concerns, the rights of individuals and the needs of the business community.
The speaker is attempting to persuade their audience.

To say that gambling is the number one revenue source for business and taxes, and therefore has an immeasurable impact on the nature of the city, would be stating the obvious.
Gambling is the biggest revenue source for the city and $4billion a year.

I have to go home, said Ca'daan.
Ca'daan said he had to return home to keep his family safe.

The final regulatory flexibility analysis discusses the comments received from both the industry and the Office of Advocacy, Small Business Administration and the changes made to the proposed rule to grant regulatory relief to the small entities including the sequencing of implementation by establishment size.
The Office of Advocacy submitted twenty pages of written comments.

and to match instance selection carefully with the questions.
You need to match instance selection with questions if you want it to be successful.

Try lunch or afternoon tea on the terrace.
Have lunch or tea with them on the terrace.

Nearby, the atmospheric medieval Alfama district is Lisbon's most picturesque and fascinating area.
The Alfama district is well preserved even though it is old.

The Madurai festivals in April and May celebrate their marriage as a grand reconciliation with the Indo-Aryan invaders.
The Madurai festivals are some of the largest festivals in the country.  

Mon ami, replied Poirot gravely, "when you find that people are not telling you the truth ”look out! 
What exactly are they trying to hide from you?

and you know they want uh privacy fences
They want privacy fences to hide their secret activities.

('We're going to steal the Internet's thunder!
Internet has affected everyone. 

But they did not restrict themselves to bald items of information.
They embellished their stories with woo woo.

David Street continues into the Street of the Chain (Es-Silsila), which leads straight toward the Gate of the Chain (Bab es-Silsila).
David Street changes names once it goes from a residential area to a commercial one.

4 billion for Medicaid covering over 644,000 recipients.
Medicaid was given $4 billion for their patients.

Our understanding of science, technology, and markets has improved since the Clean Air Act was passed in 1970.
Since the Clean Air Act was passed, we have understood science, technology and markets better, said the journalist.

They rode in single file down the path leading to the village.
The king and his knights rode black stallions toward the village. 

Let's see now ... Helms, he had whisky; so did Stevens.
Helms and Stevens both had two shots of whisky that night. 

uh it it it it it really wouldn't have that great of effect but what happens is it goes all the way up through into the ozone layer and then it keeps firing and dumping and i just blew me away
It makes me really concerned about the climate implications.

The merger was completed peacefully within a year of the federal order.
They were happy with the merger.

GAOas basic authority stems from the Budget and Accounting Act of 1921, which, as discussed below, provides GAO with broad and comprehensive authority to investigate all matters relating to the use of public money.
The Budget and Accounting Act of 1921 was a very influential act for the GAO.

Our October 2000 legislation gave us additional tools  realign our workforce in light of mission needs and overall budgetary constraints; correct skills imbalances; and reduce high-grade, managerial, or supervisory positions without reducing the overall number of GAO employees.
The October 2000 legislation was very controversial to consumers.

The Dravidians were already here to meet them.
The Dravidians were the native people. 

At night the district is loaded with patrons tumble from restaurants, theaters, bars, and fado clubs.
The bars compete against one another for clients.

Greuze stared at her.
Greuze couldn't believe what she was saying.

The Church of Saint Barbara is also worth visiting; it is typical Coptic in style.
Those who see the Church of Saint Barbara almost always believe it was worth visiting it. 

The reason for their  A national test could be embarrassing and disprove claims of improvement based on other, less-than-neutral testing regimes.
A national test would embarrass the President.

On Temple Bar's southern boundary, Dame Street, is a gem of Victorian architecture, the Olympia Theatre .
The Olympia Theatre is open for tours on most weekdays.

Although they now form part of the modern state of Greece, a deep imprint of history's footsteps can be seen clearly on every dusty hill, in every olive grove, and along every coastline.
Greece is in a lot of trouble because of their debt.

Nurtured within the geographical separations of the Alps, the Po valley, and the coasts on either side of the Apennines, it was this very diversity that created the richness of Italian art and its competing regional schools of painting and architecture.
The Po valley served as the epicenter of Italian architecture.

Locally made items do not live up to their European models.
There is no competition between locally made items and European models.

Three years later, Stanley Elkins published the equally monumental Slavery . Though a liberal like Stampp, Elkins accepted the notion of the docile, contented Sambo--though hardly as evidence of slavery's mildness.
Many people pre-ordered the book.

Central to the Review Process is the right of designated stakeholders to de novo reviews of all configuration decisions, first by the LSC Vice President for Programs and then by the LSC President, whose decision is final and binding.
Central to the Review Process is the review of eggs

The academy was founded by Cardinal Richelieu to be the supreme arbiter of the French language.
The academy is currently the ultimate authority on the French language.

The game's up.
The game is over because we are tired of it.

Tucker can be trying when the script isn't good, but he's a great foil for Chan--physically gung-ho and with supersonic timing.
Jackie Chan has excellent timing and is in good physical shape.

5) Dueling spins : The New York Times says the scandal will dog and impede Clinton's foreign policy.
Clinton has well developed foreign policies.

Listen, whore's son.
Listen to me, I hired your mother as a prostitute yesterday.

While many deaths from daily exposure to PM may occur in individuals with cardiovascular disease, studies have shown relationships between all cause mortality and PM, and between PM and mortality from pneumonia (Schwartz, 2000).
PM might cause deaths because they are dangerous to patients.

Those involved with the effort say the center will help workers to learn how to stand up for their rights and students to learn skills they can use in the workplace.
the workers themselves largely agree with this notion about standing up with their rights.

The auditor can examine projected versus actual levels of total personnel or of key, experienced personnel.
The auditor looks at projected levels of staffing vs how many staff are actually on the payroll at the hospital.

A design team of 14 representatives from the legal services community - including providers, clients, courts and other stakeholder entities - worked assiduously over the year to produce a tool that will be tested in 2003, revised pursuant to that process, and ultimately used nationally.
We expect that the tool will gain national adoption within 6 months.

Several 2002 TIG awards, now well underway, targeted intake systems.
Tig awards are important 

Ray Christensen, executive vice president of the Colorado Farm Bureau, said growers on the state's 20,000 farms consider pesticide safety important for themselves and their employees, in part because they want to maintain a productive workforce and avoid liability.
Workforce lawsuits around pesticide safety cost growers over $20 million last year.

This is a real challenge for policy, institutional systems, and professionals.
The parties affected will now overcome the challenges placed upon them.

CSR's, which grantees are required to submit annually to LSC, contain data on program staff as well as on cases closed during a calendar year.
The data is incomplete and excessive. 

i was just thinking there's
I simply thought it would be easy.

Some are put off by the cost of a hiring a divorce lawyer, which starts at about $1,500.
It costs a lot to have a consultation with a divorce lawyer.

yeah yeah yeah that's just like moving to another area for a while
After awhile it felt like the previous area.

In 1992, PACs and individuals spent more than $11 million on independent expenditures for presidential and congressional candidates.
In 1992, PACs spent over $11 million dollars in support of conservative candidates.

Thus, for example, it considers an addressed grocery store advertisement to be a letter.
It charges an addressed grocery store ad the same price as a letter.

b) Did not quit on principle after Clinton admitted lies.
Quit because needed to spend more time with family

They fought against the Satheri.
They defeated and crushed the Satheri.

pretty much covered up but uh you know i'm never going to let my shoulders and back get sunburned again
I'm wearing a long-sleeved shirt to prevent sunburn.

well you know what they say about the weather here in Texas
They say Texas weather is unpredictable.

Take time to stroll along the narrow streets in the old town stretching downhill from the cathedral, which offer a combination of historic charm and modern French sophistication.
The roads running from the cathedral are several kilometres long.

The AFI's list, for all its peculiarities, appears to reflect that.
The AFI's list reflects well a diverse grouping of film.

well it's been my pleasure uh Gina Gina is that with a G
I had a great time talking to you...is it spelled Gina with a G?

Pundits agreed that capitalism will continue to flourish there even if democracy doesn' The New York Times ' Tom Friedman noted that replicas of the Goddess of Democracy (erected in 1989 by protesters in Tiananmen Square), which were being peddled by Hong Kong demonstrators, were Made in China.
 Pundits agreed that capitalism will continue as it has for the past century

There were some peculiar points about that stain. 
I had seen the exact same stain somewhere else before. 

Based on a review of the trajectory charts in The Physics of Baseball and Keep Your Eye on the  The Science and Folklore of Baseball , conversations with University of Puget Sound physicist Andrew Rex, and correspondence with aerospace engineer and baseball researcher Roger Hawks, I determined that the McGwire home run would have traveled about 474 feet.
I have been able to calculate the distance travel of the McGwire home run, which is definitely impressive for everyone that knows it.

If they are not auctioned, should they be allocated based on heat input or electrical and steam output?
They should be auctioned

I get paid to make the community a better place for vulnerable people -- and I like that.
I like to get paid to make the community a better place for vulnerable people, but I don't like my coworkers.

but maybe i'll try it one day
I'll try it one day if someone forces me too. 

Source references will be provided in the nonauthoritative paragraphs as footnotes to permit more descriptive identification of the sources.
References will be given in the nonauthoritaive paragraphs that are at the bottom of the page because they give more descriptive terms to the sources.

The FCC did not identify any other statutes or executive orders imposing requirements on the rulemaking.
The FCC identifies a few statutes imposing requirements on the rulemaking.

i don't know what you call it uh so many different things that you have to go through before they actually give the death penalty that i'm not so sure it it seems a lot fairer than it used to be
The death penalty may be fairer these days.

Fashion now seems like a club with a private jargon that leaves no room for the play of sensitive literary exposition.
Expensive clothing prevents people from engaging in fashion.

What do you think of this new ally?He wears no armor, fights with knives, and moves like the wind," said Ca'daan.
Ca'daan doesn't like the new ally at all.

Just accidentally, while surfing and without any prior notice, I came upon a broadcast of Don Giovanni that was very good.
Don Giovanni had a guest on his show and talked about politics.

Hence Whitehead's argument, repeated in several venues, that the ruling would discourage sexual harassment victims from coming forward.
Hence Whitehead supports sexual harassment.

so i think we're a little ahead uh ahead of schedule on that
I think we have a lot of time and advantage on that.

This is the message. I dropped my voice still lower. 
This is the message she sent, I brought my voice to a whisper.

We have to go, said Jon.
Jon said the group needed to leave for the caves.

If you've installed Internet Explorer 4.0, the new version of Microsoft's browser, you might like to take a peek at our new Table of Contents, designed especially to take advantage of the advances in Internet Explorer 4.0.
With Internet Explorer 4.0, you can take advantage of our new Table of Contents for Internet Explorer 4.0 users.

Today the visitor will find an atmosphere of rather bleak serenity that is in itself as evocative as the remaining concrete bunkers and blockhouses, some simple monuments on the sites of the action, and the miles of croses in the military cemeteries.
Visitors can take a walking tour to see the remainders of wartime.

Built in the 17th century and expanded in the mid-1700s, the picturesque fort now houses a modest Museu de Arte Con?­tem?­por?¡nea (Museum of Cetemporary Art).
The old fort now houses the Museu de Arte Contemporanea. It was restored in the 70's for the Museum.

Hours before, Netanyahu had given a speech insisting that Israel would not halt the rapid construction of a controversial housing project in East Jerusalem or make further concessions to halt terrorism.
Netanyahu spoke to the Irsrali government.

(The main house is closed to the public. )
The main house is inaccessible due to the many renovations.

The voters chose Clinton as a second-term president.
The people were confident Clinton would do better during his second presidential term.

 From inside, the walls of the egg were transparent enough for him to see cloudy outlines of what lay beyond.
He could see the outline of a building through the transparent wall of the egg. 

yes she does that but she yeah um-hum when she wants to of course um-hum um-hum um-hum that's right yeah she does that that's true that's true
She does that because she was raised that way.

The July 16 Today's Papers asks what it says about Hillary Clinton that she refused to comment for a USA Today story on her partnership with Madeleine Albright.
Hillary Clinton did not like Albright at all.

uh they they've got a lot of uh rebuilding to do they traded for a lot of new players uh in the off season and it looks like it might help them but uh i think this is going to be a year for pulling together and looking for the future
They will need to get new players for the coming season.

Now, that's better.
It was the worst before.

yeah but what what what are the steps
What are the steps for installing the software?

yeah i expect it would yeah but boy it would move you across the water though
I'm sure that engine could move both you and your kids across the water with no difficulty.

  The straw bags that Ibicencos and visitors hang over their shoulders for shopping or for carrying beach equipment are useful and inexpensive.
The straw bags that people use are all made by hand.

ah senior okay so there's not uh
There's not a reason he's not a senior.

This site provides a solution center containing best practices and case studies in state and local government.
The solution center is user-friendly.

She was the author of Global Labor Rights and the Alien Tort Claims Act, published in the Texas Law Review in 1998, and the coauthor of Aliens and the Duty of  Haitian Centers Council v.
This act allowed many children in 3rd world countries to move out of poverty.

Stop at the Byzantine church in the village you'll find stone from the ancient site used here too and see the stone execution block of the martyrs.
The Byzantine church was built with stone taken from the nearby valley.

Miss Janet Vandemeyer, then.
Miss Vandemyer is the daughter of Mrs. Vandemeyer

you don't have to i mean is the something that you don't have to see it as you it's not like your
You don't have to see the movie.

yeah of course they're uh they're probably going to set it up for some kind of sequel or something in the future and uh
I've seen better movies but they're probably preparing for a sequel to that one already. 

Despite the success of LSC and its many contributions to access to justice for low-income Americans, its achievements are overshadowed by the fact that so many in our society continue to suffer injustice and are unable to gain access to our system of justice.
The LSC has a great impact at a local level, but many other areas are still lacking in services.

A large man in iron armor pointed a spear at Jon and Adrin and roared a command to strike.
The man was leading an army.

MEL sorbent consumption for a 4 percent sulfur coal is approximately 17-18 tons per hour.
MEL sorbent consumption for a 14 percent sulfur coal is approximately 17-18 tons per hour.

The crowd quieted as a new rider approached.
They were astonished at the new riders' appearances.

well there i don't think there's any way it can you know like they say this proposal would anywhere would get anywhere because of the i mean first of all i've never heard of it until this this phone call you know
A proposal needs to have widespread knowledge and approval before getting anywhere. 

Pay the museum admission, then take the escalators running in transparent tubes from the bottom left to the top right hand corner and see Paris unfold before your eyes.
The idea of having escalators in transparent tubes was mocked at first.

NRCS provided us with a complete copy of the Environmental Assessment and the Finding of No Significant Impact.
The Environmental Assessment detailed extensively the reports of the waste water analysis.

yeah  uh justice system or and what we think about the uh judge changing it to so the the judge would do the conviction or no sentencing sentencing
If the judge didn't do sentences, what impacts would that have on American citizens?

in about three days!
It's three day from now, on Thursday.

um what uh how do you feel about uh the the young people are they are are they talking uh do you think eighteen years of age like right or during high school
Are the young people willing to talk about their lives?

Rumors persist that the performances will resume stay tuned.
The performances have not taken place in the past three years.

Nothing; but  
Emptiness; still

Chitwan, Heart of the Jungle in Nepali, is a tropical forest on the southern border with India.
Chitwan, Heart of the Jungle, is Nepal's second largest city.

These matters are both very difficult and (except for strict Little Raft Buddhists, who are interested only in the relief of suffering, not in metaphysics) very important.
Sometimes the seriousness of the matters vary.

he does what he needs to but mostly if it's something major um you know cleaning out the air conditioning ducts or something like that we just hire out to do that
I don't trust him to do the big jobs, so we hire someone else.

It was later renamed by the Dutch.
The Dutch renamed it "The Jewel of the Sea"

Julius was congratulatory.
Julius is happy for his friend.

Also technically true.
That is completely accurate.

military yeah my my husband was in the Navy
He joined the Navy after we got married.

Tuppence quelled him with a stern glance, and stepped inside.
A stern look from Tuppence silenced him as she stepped inside and greeted the old lady.

Examples of the types of leave on such T and A records include, but are not limited to, annual, sick, and family friendly leave.
They have two weeks of various types of leave.

The Court's nondistortion principle is also wrong on the facts, since there is no basis for believing that a504(a)(16), by causing cases [to] be presented by LSC attorneys who [can]not advise the courts of serious questions of statutory validity, ante, at 11, will distort the operation of the courts.
The LSC attorneys sometimes can't ask serious questions without mockery.

(Improvement continues to this day with efforts to enhance the lot of the pedestrian while still catering to the roaring traffic. )
The improvements that benefit the pedestrians may be detrimental to the traffic.

At his 1977 trial, Flynt was sentenced to seven to 25 years for obscenity and for engaging in organized crime.
Besides indecency and organized crime, Flynt was also sentenced for the murder of several politicians.

First thing I knew a guard came along and informed me mighty politely that I wasn't in a smoking-carriage.
First thing I knew a stern-faced national guard arrived to inform me that I couldn't smoke here.

well they're struggling with it
It is difficult.

On the fourth side is an artificial lake stretching 8 km (5 miles) to the Rajasthan border, never sufficient, apparently, for the needs of the citadel, and so one of the probable reasons why Akbar did not settle here permanently.
Another probable reason that Akbar did not settle there was because of the exceedingly hot temperatures in the summer months. 

We looked in.
We peered in the window.

hobbies that's about it i don't have much time for hobbies so uh between being a student and trying to run a business on the side you don't have a lot of time
I am a student while I am running a cookie business.

There is too much flexing of stylistic muscle, says the New Republic 's Robert Alter.
Rober Alter doesn't like things to be over stylized.

Pinochet not be extradited to Spain.
Pinochet will not be convicted in Spain.

Joseph Ralston 's candidacy for the chairmanship of the Joint Chiefs of Staff was derailed because he had had a relationship with another woman while separated from his wife.
Joseph Ralston and his wife had marital problems stemming from his extramarital affair.

well they give some some financial aid for education they they advertise that they give it you can earn up to ten or twenty thousand dollars for
Your tuition is waived if you earn under ten thousand dollars.

but uh you know i don't necessarily uh you know there's a place here uh it's um it's good it's a barbecue place and it's uh you know you go through a line and and get your stuff
The open buffet at this place also includes some imported drinks.

Hollings, meanwhile, looks bored with the entire event.
Hollings is only pretending to look bored while actually being interested in the event.

He'd better come to tea there one day. 
I'd like it if he came to tea. 

In other words, the questions he got from reporters focused on politics and positioning to the total exclusion of his actual policies and positions.
He received questions on politics and positioning instead of questions on actual policies and positions yet it was still very informative.

What is more I will move sky and earth to have the world accept them.
It's important to me that they are accepted by the world.

The church's painting collection includes an early Goya.
The Goya is the church's main attraction.

Figure 6: Unit Delivery Costs as a Function of Volume and Postal Density Derived from a Translog Model with USPS Data
Besides showing unit delivery costs as a function of volume, figure 6 also shows a very beautiful illustration showing the process.

 "I don't like it," Bork whispered to Dave.
Few things fancy Bork.

there you go that's right Johnny Quest you know the good ones um now i'll if i'm ever home during the during the day on a vacation day i'd i have to catch at twelve o'clock the Andy Griffith Show because he's just you know he's one of my idles and then uh
I watch other shows similar to Andy Griffith.

Finally, the analysis discusses several significant alternatives that were considered and rejected by the Commission, including expanding the universe of providers covered by the rule, more narrowly defining the universe of providers, and continuing the resale rule indefinitely.
There needs to be more coverage in the rule.

Zucker was nominated by the Van Nuys center and the Ventura County Superior Court, where he has served as a temporary judge in Small Claims Court and has volunteered with a court-sponsored program for at-risk high school students.
Zucker spent five years working as a temporary judge.

Before you begin shopping, pick up HKTA's  Shopping Guide to Consumer Electronics.  
HKTA's Shopping Guide to Consumer Electronics is a popular guide.

and they've got their electrical hookups so it's not so bad
They have electrical hookups on their campers.

yeah so i got that uh what is that safer soap uh B T spray this year and i've been watching them every day and i've and i haven't seen any signs yet so if i see any signs i'm going to spray them and uh
I got a safer spray this year and I haven't seen any signs of bugs.

Postal Service's domestic rates for First-Class and Priority Mail to the inbound mail distribution described above.
The USPS has really high mail rates. 

you know i mean it's sad because those those bears were doing fine until we got there you know and now they're now we're killing them because of something that some monster that we created
The bears are being killed because some chemical that we created that the bears were forced to drink.

Its present form comprises a total of seven concentric rectangular walled courts, culminating in an inner sanctum, and dates from the 15th and 16th centuries, after it had been liberated from Muslim invaders who had previously used it as a fortress.
The fortress was built in the 15th century.

Computer Security Training Guidelines.
The guidelines for computer security training are short.

The most feared (in a good-natured, humorous way) teen news--other than the startlingly high number of your child was killed in a car crash (in a lighthearted, frolicsome way)--was  Your adolescent is enjoying sex and drugs.
There has been a lot of media attention on teen sex and drug use lately.

Sometimes I thought I should go mad."
Sometimes I really got stressed I thought I was going insane.

He makes everyone nervous, and no one has a good time.
He ruins the party by making people nervous because he is a snitch.

In Switzerland, the weekly Sonntagszeitung ( Sunday Newspaper ) reported a Swiss-American company called White Star Line Ltd. is to build a safe but otherwise exact replica of the Titanic to make its maiden voyage from Britain to New York in the year 2002.
They wanted to see if the ship would sink like the original.

What remains today is the outer rim of the original circular island.
The interior of the island was destroyed by a volcano.

'Perhaps not,' Natalia said.
The woman really did not want too.

I didn't understand it, I don't really understand it now, but she spoke to me from half the village away as though I were right next to her.
She spoke to me from twenty miles away.

Were the Postal Service to be allowed to set rates under contracts, or to bid for business, it would need costs by customer.
The Postal Service wanted to make their customers top priority.

The same result would ensue from excluding LSCfunded lawyers from welfare litigation entirely.
LSC-funded lawyers are the most expensive ones.

Most showrooms are again offering quality stars and elaborate productions, sans the accompanying dinner service.
Most showrooms are now trying to book bigger stars and quality entertainers as well as serving dinner to keep their audience happy. 

Many fascinating legacies around the island attest to the complicated web that time has spun here.
The legacies about the island have been told over and over for years.

Things were sparking, little flames licked at the walls; Daniel was going at them with a fire extinguisher.
Daniel tried to put the flame out, but it continued to grow.

EPA analyzed the potential impact on small entities by the Standard Industrial Classification (SIC) code and concluded that there would not be a significant economic impact on a substantial number of small entities.
The Standard Industrial Classification was designed in the 1980s and signed into law in 1993.

oh i yeah i actually we we we make a point of going to a bunch of them every year because they're fun because they're
We always got the same times every year.

but like i say it just kind of becomes a habit and it's if if you don't break that cycle very often then you keep doing it
Without breaking the habit, there could be a lot of negative consequences. 

They let the press could catch glimpses of a man who looked vaguely historical, drumming up that little bit of extra interest.
They would arrange for him to be seen eating at a posh restaurant, just briefly, to drum up interest.

The principal topic of discussion about the Martha Stewart Living IPO was Martha Stewart's death.
The discussion of Martha Stewart's death was necessary in order to discuss what would need to be done with the excess shares.

uh i just let's see i've been with this company for about three months and before that uh we were we're we're still in the process of trying to catch up
We are almost caught up with our work.

on what's made him successful or whatever yeah so of course he picked probably all these really good looking young people you know yeah yeah i liked that too yeah um we um my wife and i are planning on trying to go see um
He picked all these attractive young people because they make his business better. 

He peeked around the rock to see Vrenna dancing between three dismounted riders.
Vrenna was trying to distract three dismounted riders.

No, no, I cried eagerly, "you need have no fear of that. 
The circumstances were odd. 

Jon led their group to the Kal as the large man talked to the man in the tall hat.
The two men were talking about where they should camp for the night while Jon took the group to the Kal for dinner. 

 "_Abracadabra!_" he said, and snapped his fingers.
He snapped his fingers and conjured something to help.

Earlier this year, I was at a Bob Dole rally in Omaha.
I went alone to a Bob Dole rally in spring.

New Zealand is an independent nation within the British Commonwealth.
New zealand is independent and functional within the British Commonwealth.

I was famous all over the western desert.
I was famous because I was the best opera singer there was.

Although not subject to the Government Performance and Results Act, LSC shares the aspirations of that law to rationalize the budget and appropriations processes by tying funding into objective measures of the agency's performance.
The LSC is the only agency not subject to the Government Performance and Results Act.

and so far it hasn't been too hard but she hasn't been making a whole lot of decisions on her own yet and so you know i guess i'm i'm just going to have to be real conscious of that as i as she gets older and does start making decisions
It will probably get a bit more difficult when she is a teenager.

Two universes join, and the result is a nucleus world surrounded by a shell, like an egg.
the shell is solid and not easy to break

He was outwardly calm, but I noticed his hands, which from long force of habit were mechanically straightening the spill vases on the mantel-piece, were shaking violently. 
He looked calm but his hands were shaking which made me think he was stressed.

The latter is a special state treasury account created at the high court's request and allowed for under legislation enacted earlier this year.
The special state treasury was kept a secret.

Sometimes funny and sometimes mean, they're addressing the world of the contemporary mobile reader...and spot the absurd of our present day lives: fights with the less and less comprehensible equipment, pursuit of the latest technological news, pitfalls of our modern lifestyle, useless inventions and issues racing in all directions at a breakneck speed.
Mobile readers prefer it when they are funny versus mean. 

Broadcast interviews-radio, television, and Internet-are done only on request and only when GAO deems them appropriate for public understanding of the facts, findings, conclusions, and recommendations of GAO's products.
GAO often participates in interviews it deems appropriate for public knowledge.

no i haven't read it i've heard all about it though
I've heard about circuses. 

is that right did he sell them at craft shows and
it is right he sold paintings at craft shows. 

Most of the items you'll find in Madeira, like pretty hand-painted plates, planters, jugs, and jars, come from the mainland but if you're not traveling to other parts of the country, Madeira is still a good place to pick them up at bargain prices.
You can bargain with any merchant in Madeira to get your item for a cheaper price.

From 1993 to 1994, single-piece First-Class volume fell by 0.2 percent, but a 6.8 percent increase in pre-sorted First Class volume resulted in a net 2.4 percent increase in First-Class volume.
First class volumes lost their value.

In the first ever in Poland inquisitional massage spa located on Saint Street, this motto was hung outside: 'Even if you have no stress in your life, you will still get rid of it.' This was a creative interpretation of a famous, and reflecting the spirit of those times, maxim of Bozydar Oxbellows, who had told each and every one of his prisoners 'Even if you are not practicing heresy, you will still die for it.'
A sign hung outside the spa to inspire people.

I think there's something between vengeance and forgiveness.
I think forgiveness and vengeance are both going too far but I'm not sure what's in between other than indifference.

By June, Gerth was writing, with a tinge of desperation, that the Pentagon did not find grave damage but did conclude that the United States national security had been harmed.
Gerth was saying that the Pentagon didn't find damage but had been harmed.

Covered markets or street markets operate all over Paris.
Many street markets specialize in a certain product, like paintings or pottery.

'If you think that's going to happen, if you hear them give the order...will you warn me?'
I am afraid and want you to warn me if they give the order.

Nationalists in the new United Malays National Organization (UMNO) resented this  foreign  intrusion imposed by 19th-century economic development.
The intrusion disturbed the nationalists and was totally unexpected.

, provider types or technologies).
There are 12 different provider types 

If you enjoy poker, playing at mild pace, and playing against no house advantage, you'll love Pai Gow.
If you like to play poker, you'll like Pai Gow but you'll have to play at home and not in Vegas.

uh-huh it sounds to me like uh you're doing well my husband's retired so uh he's been retired for three years now yeah that's quite a change
My husband is not handling retirement well.

So why apologize?
Why apologize to him?

Peter's of Ancient Egyptian religion) from the 11th Dynasty period, c.2134 b.c.
The 11th DYnasty Period was 400 years.

Then she realized the absurdity of her thought.
Her plan wouldn't work the way she initially thought.

A large project may require mobilization of several hundred boilermakers to a site, which will frequently require pulling
Boilermakers are experts on pulling, so large projects usually require hundreds of them.

At the foot of the colonnade is a big stone tethering-ring for an elephant whose job it was to crush capital criminals to death.
The colonnade is used to protect the capital.

No publication is safe from a trusted reporter who makes things up.
Numerous reporters have been punished for sensationalizing news.

well yeah i think that's a good idea although i don't i think if it's something that's forced on you
It's a good idea to quit smoking unless you are forced to do it. 

I'm not a Mother Teresa.
I admire Mother Teresa.

An organization's people define its culture, drive its performance, embody its knowledge base, and are the key to successful merger and transformation efforts.
A merger cannot be successful with the support of the organization's people.

um are no good anymore and that's how bad it was everything is just down everywhere you know we had three hundred thousand people without power
The people regained power quickly after they lost it.

so i think that's what uh i i'm going to have to get next time around i keep i keep holding holding off i mean i could i could upgrade now if i wanted to but i just i it's just such a huge expense and
I would upgrade if it were much cheaper.  

With his tenderness for "a woman's happiness," I felt glad that the decision had been taken out of his hands. 
I was glad he would not be making the decision over whether to charge Mary Cavendish.

everything was visible oh yeah
The view from the waterfront was clear that night.

Other individuals and organizations that we contacted, including a public interest group, a business group, and an academician, also cited concerns about a onesizefitsall approach being applied to agencies with vastly different missions.
The public interest group that was approached was in direct competition with the business group.

In addition to the quarterly meetings, informal meetings and teleconferences are held among members on an ad hoc basis to discuss issues as they arise, such as assisting entities under attack.
Finding that quarterly meetings were insufficient in matters that arose between these meetings, employees were encouraged to schedule meetings as needed to deal with important issues.

Readers may vote once in each of the four events.
Readers may vote at some point during the events. 

I said, 'I suppose it's about lunch time.' I said, 'We got to be getting back to the house.' And he said, 'Yes.' And I just went on and then when I was about at the creek I looked around and--"  
He started following me back to the house but then he was gone.

Or, maybe higher savings wouldn't really increase growth.
For the economy it's better to spend than to save.

yeah so it will be interesting to see you know i think and make him progress and uh get him on board
His growth is going to benefit us as well..

Just as Kwanzaa, created in 1966, has returned many black Americans to their African heritage, so Hanukkah has helped tether Jews to their heritage and in some cases has brought them back to the fold.
The Beatles were the ones who created Kwanzaa.

Historically the stronghold of merchants and royalty, today it remains the home of commerce and government.
This place is still the stronghold for the rich and wealthy.

yeah six fifty yeah hm out here i it's i think out here they are still about five fifty about a dollar less
I have found that they are cheapest around here, at five fifty.

It also becomes a focus at national training events.
These events go on yearly, ever since 1996.

there was one here recently that comes to mind that's about a woman that uh this is ridiculous i mean it's almost uh it'd be funny if it wasn't so so sad i mean this woman this woman went out and hired somebody to uh
This woman went and hired someone recently to do it and got caught immediately.

i don't i don't think they should be forced but i think they should be encouraged i guess encouraged to to do some kind of public work i guess just to get them i guess involved with community maybe you know just community activity if nothing else see how the city works stuff like that
Doing something for the public good is a positive even if the young Americans don't like it.

It's been described as  liquid salad  and can be a rousing refresher.
It will make a decent appetizer as it suits all taste buds.

These modest establishments are set up right on the sand.
The modest establishments are stuck with being located on the sand.

This seems to me a wholly irrational distinction to make.
I already explained why the distinction incorrect, but they persisted.

it's yeah ethnic any ethnic problem or race
This category of problems contains ethnic or racial discrimination.

A'deem admired the fine sculpted work of the nude woman on the swords hilt.
A'deem was turned on by the naked lady.

plus they're more expensive to get
they're more expensive to acquire because they take longer to make

From 1912 to 1947, they were ruled by Italy; before that, they were part of the Ottoman Empire.
Italy invaded in 1912 and took control of the area.

The information is presented in a multiple media format in order to accommodate different learning styles and to allow learning to occur in different environments and in periods best suited to the learner.
The needs of the learner are what keeps the information presentation requirements afloat.

Therefore, the total estimated time to modify the Title V operating permit is about 12 months, plus the additional time to complete compliance testing.
You can't modify the Title V operating permits after 15 months. 

they come up real pretty every year no problem
The tulips come back every year and they look beautiful. 

It covers everything, and explains nothing. 
Some of what is covered may require some explaining.

I am not usually clumsy. 
I have been drinking so my coordination is bad.

see originally i've been in Texas twelve thirteen years but originally in LA they people die all the time just from being in the way at the wrong place you know see you know but i think something should be done for them
Los Angeles has a high crime rate.

but the medical seemed somewhat adequate somewhat adequate
The medical was adequate even though everything else was a disaster. 

One shudders to imagine an actual aged person attempting to use this toothpaste.
It's hard to imagine an aged person attempting to use this toothpaste in real life, said the manager.

The Board, however, believes that a new category for reporting on stewardship items is more appropriate.
The Board believes that some reporting on stewardship items using a new category for donations is suitable.

Barik roared in and the two smashed together.
Barik was stronger than the other two.

right then you know and you know if i i didn't wait five years for it to be good enough grow you know
If I had left it for only a year, it would have worked out.

but uh i still think there's plenty of good football players around that just were not able to get on the NFL because the NFL's teams were just full
The NFL teams consisted only of competent players. 

GENERAL FUND - Accounts for receipts not earmarked by law for a specific purposes, the proceeds of general borrowing, and the expenditure of these moneys.
General funds are confusing. 

and they got him to run like he was running down the kid by luring him with Oreo cookies
I think the kid likes sweets

No, sir, Monday, the 16th.
The appointment is on the 16th instead. 

Equal thrills can be had atop the Stratosphere Tower, where you will find a slingshot ride called the Big Shot.
You can have a lot of thrills on top of the Stratosphere if you ride the rides after hitting their bar.

I must confess, Mr. Beresford, that it was something of a surprise to me to see you here this evening.
I am surprised you were here because you'd been in a fight about it.

Coral World's Yellow Submarine may well be the highlight of a child's holiday, but make sure you know the cost before you suggest it.
Coral World's Yellow Submarine is very expensive and may be unaffordable.

Prices on electronics have risen in the past two years; check prices at home before you buy here.
Prices of electronics has stagnated after two years of rising.

Whatever method the rabbis used, they appear to have used it--pardon the pun--consistently.
The rabbis' method was effective most of the times.

For example, the home page of both DOL and the Occupational Safety and Health Administration (OSHA) within DOL pointed to a separate web site for OSHA's November 1999 proposed rule on ergonomics, which pulled together in one place all of the electronic information related to this rulemaking (e.g.
DOL and OSHA used the same web hosting services provider.

The magazine instructs new Israeli Prime Minister Ehud Barak to note what the previous government did and do the opposite.
The magazine that instructed the new Prime Minister was Times.

Half an hour in the morning and late afternoon creates the groundwork for a good tan.
Tanning is common among beachgoers.

The French West Indies may be matriarchal, but on St. Barts the father runs the family.
St. Barts does not belong to France.

Never able to paint anything unless he had it before his eyes, Soutine set about re-enacting some of the classic paintings he loved most.
Soutine is a very famous painter.

So drink this down like a good girl, and you'll be none the worse for it." In her heart of hearts Tuppence believed her.
Tuppence believed that drinking it wouldn't harm her, but it did.

Such a sequence could be quite
The regulatory steps are put into a sequence.

Once, the huge man swung so hard he lost his balance and stumbled forward.
The sword the huge man was carrying was heavy.

The mix of tasks typically run on a given computer
Computers are good at multitasking 

And you'd inherit a good slice of money too, wouldn't you?
And you would inherit at least a third of the money?

One benefit is better meeting the diverse information needs of investors in evaluating funds, which has become more difficult as the number of funds has grown.
Investors have diverse needs when it comes to the information they need about stakeholders.

Want to get the kids away from the casinos?
Do you wish to put some distance between the kids and the casinos and take the kids somewhere nice?

In spite of myself, my opinion of his sagacity was immeasurably heightened. 
I thought he was the smartest man in the room, after myself.

Russell's first two films, Spanking the Monkey (1994) and Flirting With Disaster (1996), were much smaller in scale, but both were products of the same angry sensibility.
Russell's first films had tiny budgets under $10,000.

If everyone could agree to save a little less, we'd all be better  Our relative mating-game scores would be unchanged, but we'd all have more money to spend.
Saving less and spending more means a happier life.

What you consider luxurious is a necessity to us.
The television remote that you consider a luxury is a necessity to us.

considerations could support recommendation of rate and classification changes tailored to the capabilities and needs of particular mailers.
Mailers need to pay lower rates in order to stay in business.

Sadly, he became mentally unstable in his later life and died a broken man.
He died soon after he escaped a mental hospital.

in my group uh nearly everyone wears a a sports coat and tie uh but that does change in the summer uh they they get a little more lenient and we can wear like uh an open collar or uh
Some people in my group wear ties during the summer. 

'Go ahead.'
Continue down the trail. 

Unspoiled stretches of fine sand can also be found on the east coast, from Pantai Chinta Berahi, north of Kota Bharu, down to Beserah, north of Kuantan.
There are a number of beaches around Pantai Chinta Berahi.

The NAIC recently adopted an amendment to the UPPL which states (1) This provision may not be used with respect to a medical expense policy and (2) For purposes of this provision, 'medical expense policy' means an accident and sickness insurance policy that provides hospital,
This medical insurance policy will not provide cosmetic consultations.

Upon careful consideration of the language and purposes of the statute and the legislative history, the Commission has determined that none of these formulations fully responds to the purposes of the statute or the intent of Congress.
The intent of Congress can also be shared with the Commission

The shelf life of preteen bands is measured in months.
Preteen bands have a short shelf life but earn enough that they won't have to work for the rest of their lives.

The family's 1999 application for Supplemental Security Income to help with Seth's care was denied.
The family applied for SSI so Seth could get a nurse.

i wouldn't like that well you just can't depend on it
It is not reliable due to past inconsistencies.

Some shops will paint tiles to order or copy a photograph.
Hand painted tiles are only twenty cents apiece.

Annan visits Washington this week to push again.
Annan I working really hard for justice.

The Los Angeles Times told readers that the real news was the wall-to-wall press throng at the news conference.
The large press presence at the news conference was more important than the conference itself.

There was a bellboy to show us upstairs.
The bellboy was excited to show us our room.

In addition to seeking clarification of various operational issues, some agencies raised questions concerning the statements of our audit and access authorities cited in the protocols.
The access authorities had left some of the agencies feeling uneasy when it was mentioned in the protocols.

reams of paper come out of an office every day they just asked me to recycle
i'm in charge of recycling all the paper from these offices

Funchal's new tourist zone testifies to local travel industry ambitions.
The new tourist zone is quite nice.

yeah was it yeah wasn't Jimmy Carter's mama that was in the Peace Corps or some such thing
Someone told me that Jimmy Carter's mom belonged to the Peace Corps.

Slim stepped out and approached.
Slim was the first person to walk up to the new group.

oh okay i guess i grew up uh camping my folks were big campers from day one as far as i can remember we grew up in southern Oklahoma and they were uh we were always hit Texoma or
My parents used to make us go camping every weekend.

very nice you know i've i've heard horror stories from other TIers that have had tenants but he didn't like yard work and what happened was the Saint Augustine grew up you know if you don't watch it and keep it trimmed back it will totally take over your flower beds
The horror stories that I heard have kept me up for many days.

i'll call you that's right and they all say that they're the best Visa but you know i definitely have the one that i've
In your case, you're right.

SHE WAS ONE OF THEM! 
She was just another number

, but they are reliable entertainers.
But they are the most reliable entertainers in the country.

A Che who, like any ordinary communist politician, had never killed anyone; a Che who had survived his guerrilla adventures, and was today an elderly figure, administering some grim bureaucracy for Fidel Castro or, alternatively, writing books at home in Argentina, surrounded by his anti-communist grandchildren--a Che like that would cause no stir at all today, and writers around the world would not be straining their brains to draw ever finer distinctions between the man's calamitous influence and some undefinable greatness.
Che was killed in guerilla warfare.

Is it important?
It is important.

In antiques shops, look for highly valued porcelains from China.
Porcelains from China are a staple antique found throughout the region.

In 1936, Mussolini diverted attention from the worsening economic climate at home with an invasion of Ethiopia and proclamation of the Italian Empire.
Mussolini's distraction tactics didn't work, citizens outraged still with the economic strife.

and it's in the north i live up in the uh northeast corner  and Attleboro sits in just over the line
Attleboro is close enough that I could walk there. 

A'Deem left his booth to the boy with a strong threat and whispered to the mercenary who walked the lane.
A'Deem left the boy in charge of the booth.

Ca'daan left the brill.
Ca'daan left the brill out of fear.

A second portal would provide information and video streaming training for pro bono attorneys.
The attorneys had acceptable training 

A change from a budget deficit to a surplus reduces federal debt and replaces this vicious cycle with a virtuous cycle in which saving some portion of the budget surpluses results in lower debt levels.
A change of 50% in a budget deficit is required to lower debt levels.

Stretching his paint strokes into long, narrow ribbons, he retreated toward a kind of linear drawing in three colors.
He lacked the courage to draw as he wanted, so he retreated into safety.

It's spreading.
It's contagious. 

The bus ride from Kumamoto to the mighty Mt. Aso volcano takes you acrosesome gently rolling hills, past orange groves, fields of watermelon, and the special grass used for tatami mats.
Mt. Aso has not been active since the 19th century.

Everything was confusion. 
No one knew what was going on in the confusion.

Based on the current resources, the gap is unlikely to be closed anytime soon, the study found.
The study is correct in its assessment.

For more ceramics, stop in at the Museum of Oriental Ceramics, located in the garden at one end of Nakanoshima, the central island in the middle of the large river running through Osaka's center.
The Museum of Oriental Ceramics offers a wide variety of ceramics.

France, they say, is the victim of currency speculators, whose ravages President Chirac once likened to those of AIDS.
Currency speculation has hemorrhaged the French economy for decades.

Soccer Federation, the Post says the players are determined to promote and pay themselves better than they believe the [USSF] has.
Players want to be payed at least $50 per game.

The former medieval palace clings to a 16th-century tranquillity.
The medieval palace is decorated beautifully and remains historically accurate. 

valet with baseball tickets and we ended up with them right and so we were walking up and i looked at my husband and i said you know what Kyle
Kyle was angry and did not want to speak to my husband.

 "He'll answer a few questions that badly need answering."Bayliss was already on his way to the door.
Bayliss walked towards the door because he wanted to leave.

probably wouldn't have enjoyed it anyway
I'm glad I didn't go to the park, I wouldn't have enjoyed it.

Small children are bound to enjoy the merry-go-round, puppet theaters (outside July and August), and pony rides in the Jardin du Luxembourg.
The pony rides are inexpensive and are a great memory for your child.

The challenge for Wilde lovers at the end of the 20 th century is  Find a way to appall.
Nearing the end of the 1900s, fans of Wilde would be challenged to find a way to appall, something that became increasingly harder over the years. 

You've seen this sort of picture  People get drunk and drag skeletons out of closets, and the tension between the formal dinner party rituals and the truths that simmer beneath the surface give way to a Walpurgisnacht . The anti-patriarchal content is fairly routine, but you should see the movie anyway because the director, Thomas Vinterberg, is a great, hypersensitive filmmaker whose edgy, grainy, caught-on-the-fly camerawork seems to make the very celluloid shiver with rage.
This is one of the best Thomas Vinterberg movies.

the short of it is my weakest part
I want to become stronger.

The chateau's terrace is the best vantage point for pictures of the old town.
The town has a formidable history and past.

Very Toledan in feel, this small hotel in a 17th-century noble home is named for the city's most famous (adopted) son.
It was named for the adopted son, Mark.

the Court would find its current First Amendment musings as unpersuasive as I find them today.
The Court would find First Amendment comments unpersuasive but important to hear.

see now we've run into a lot of problems where our relatives were well i've lived here for thirty years and we've built this and this is our home and we have nothing else to show for our lives and we don't want to leave uh we've run into a lot of that
I am sympathetic towards my family members. 

The Tokugawa thus celebrated the ancestral religion of Shinto glorified by the monumentally opulent shrines they built at Nikko.
The Tokugawa did not build any shrines outside of Nikko.

In fact, some Angelenos refer to the county as being behind the orange curtain, due to its substantially more conservative lifestyle.
While still technically conservative, the Angelenos seem to be developing more liberal tendencies.

The Boulevard des Capucines and the Boulevard des Italiens, known as the grands boulevards, meet at the Place de l'Op??ra, which was a focal point in Baron Hauss?­mann's urbanization plans in the mid-19th century.
The Boulevard de Capucines was built before the Boulevard des Italiens. 

Moreover, the fact that Congress has placed numerous restrictions on legal services funding in the United States-restrictions that then attach to non-LSC funds-causes many organizations that might otherwise seriously consider applying for LSC funds to choose not to do so.
In order to save money, Congress has placed restrictions on legal services funding.

"Thanks." Drew felt in a pocket, tossed Callie the coin his fingers found.
Drew had a one dollar coin in his pocket.  

You wrote in response to an e-mail by Gourevitch postmarked just two hours earlier.
You answered the e-mail from Gourevitch rather quickly.

But Heidenry writes that Larry beat Althea more than once, and she told Hustler that she didn't see anything wrong with a man striking a woman.
Heidenry believes it was done in self-defense that's why he didn't have any issue with Larry beating Althea.

When you talk to euro enthusiasts, they invariably claim that one of the great benefits of the new currency will be price transparency.
Euro enthusiasts claim that euro implies price transparency, and they are right about it.

uh-huh that's uh sure i can understand that
I can understand the situation.

The best resort beaches are on the Malabar coast at Kovalam, Goa, and, smaller but charming, Cochin.
The Malabar coast is perfect for beach lovers.

There I know you're wrong, I said warmly. 
I know you are wrong. 

70 Annie wasn't best pleased.
Annie would stop them.

Nick Name is an English pen name of a Polish absurdist writer with an advertising background.
Nick Name was born in the capital city of Poland.

He fought to remember what he'd heard the nurse say--something about when he was alive--as if he'd been dead a long time....
He overheard the nurse talking about his bereaved family.

Exchanging stuff for eyeballs makes sense as long as the cost of providing the stuff is less than the value of the eyeballs to advertisers.
The value of eyeballs is very high.

Jon aimed and fired another shot into the back of a retreating rider.
The rider was an enemy of Jon's who was trying to flee.

Absolutely.
There's no doubt that I'll do it.

She had six children, all alive after the first assault, and a tiny husband of a man who kept quiet.
She had six daughters.

Suppose, however, with suitable reverence to Adam Smith, one looks at this plan according to its degree of roundaboutness.
The plan is complex to view 

Statements in the Senate suggest that Congress may not have been aware that the presence language survived the defeat of the amendment.
Most of the congressmen were still hung over from the weekend and weren't really paying attention.

Many of the decisions that are made in front of a judge cannot be reversed later.
They were hoping to be an exception to the rule.

It will be open every Saturday morning.
The office will open at 9am on Saturday.

His exacting minute-by-minute account of hostile encounters and sexual encounters leaves no doubt about what was ultimately at stake when males fought (often coalitionally).
His accurate account was based on his personal experience.

Nehru Memorial Museum is devoted to Independence and the life of India's first Prime Minister.
Entry to the Nehru Memorial Museum is free.

and all right not not a friend a cousin
A cousin as opposed to a friend.

One of the oldest churches in the world, it was the only church in the Holy Land not destroyed during the Persian invasion of 614 the invaders noticed an icon of the Magi (who were fellow Persians) and spared the structure.
It was the only church not destroyed during the Persian invasion.

We will wake up at noon, stumble over to the keyboard in our pajamas, hammer out 1,000 words, and then--without talking to a single bothersome editor--make our work available to all data brokers.
We only write Monday to Friday.

No, sir, I should leave it on the hall table. 
The thing is the will to the deceased Mr. Inglethorp.

NOMINAL (OR FACE OR PAR) VALUE OR AMOUNT -The amount of a bond, note, mortgage, or other security as stated in the instrument itself, exclusive of interest or dividend accumulations.
Most security instruments are entitled to interest rates of at least 1%.

um-hum that's too much isn't it
That's too much money, isn't it?

Red was glad to.
Red was more than glad to join in.

For group health plans coverage under these rules, the Departments cite estimates formulated by the Congressional Budget Office which shows the initial yearly cost (direct cost to the private sector) to be $50 million with 300,000 people covered and $200 million in subsequent years for limiting the length of preexisting conditions exclusions to 12 months.
The Departments analyzed figures of the previous years before making estimates.

have you ever read any of Frank E Peretti's
I really enjoy reading Perretti's books.

Random CWC inspections, Bork says, violate the Fourth Amendment, which requires a warrant to search private facilities.
They do not have a warrant to conduct these random inspections.

Here, just a short mile or so from Fremont Street and Glitter Gulch, are quiet, ranch-style homes spread out over parcels of an acre (about 1.2 hectare) or more, complete with swimming pools, tennis courts, horse corrals, and lush, mature landscaping.
The houses are required to have a pool and tennis court.

and all the rest of his organs were all greatly you know all tested out greatly below his actual age and of course Sally uh isn't a very big woman i mean she's you know she appeared to me to be very petite and um she took a horse shoe and and turned it turned it into an S
Sally may not be very tall, but she has not let that hold her back in basketball. 

There is an interesting section devoted to 20th-century Scots, including Queen Elizabeth (the Queen Mother), who was born at Glamis Castle in 1900.
Queen Elizabeth (the Queen Mother) was the most famous Scot born in the 20th century.

It must be, said Tommy coldly, "if you can come over here in love with one girl, and propose to another within a fortnight." Julius had the grace to look discomposed.
Julius was discomposed, because he thought it was wrong to act this way too.

The sculpture places a graphic emphasis on the ugliness of sin (the hanging of Judas, the devil tempting Jesus) and the simple beauty of virtue.
Sin is a thing to avoid if one is religious.

If I receive $1 million, I'm rich.
I would like to be rich.

yeah small PCs aren't they're out of Korea right
The smaller the computer from Korea the better the quality will be. 

i i it's okay to watch people go out and break their legs but i'm not going to climb on a couple of pieces of wood and go racing down a slick mountain side i mean that's
It's insanely dangerous and not the life for me.

if they'd been anywhere else i don't you know i don't care where it was anywhere in the United States they could have played but beings they was in Louisville they couldn't play
They never get the chance to play in Louisville.

And then, at 6:30am on D-Day, came the first of a fleet of 4,266 vessels to turn the beaches into beachheads with their now famous code Sword, Juno, Gold, Omaha, and Utah.
As the beaches were turned into beachheads, enemy scouts sought to warn their leader.

i thought well with you know if that's really true then then i guess i agreed with the extra premium
I think it makes a lot of sense to have the extra premium.

Wolf Blitzer ( Late Edition ) and Tim Russert (NBC's Meet the Press ) ask Starr's spokesperson this very question about 10 different times, but he declines to respond in each instance.
They asked the question again but with more anger to try and get a response.

If this is the case, the cost curve would turn almost horizontal at the cost for this operation.
The cost curve is affected by the different cases.

While they sound similar, the two principles are extremely different.
The two principles take a very long time to learn.

Outside auditors bear varying degrees of responsibility for these recent failures, but they don't bear all the responsibility.
They used to bear all the responsibility, but they changed those rules. 

Possibly a house but I think a flat.
Possibly a big house or a small flat.

The beginning of Babitch's troubles (Rapaport) (58 seconds) :
Babitch's troubles continued for a long time

This is what I want to do - to give back to the community, said Mazzariello, who worked under Brooklyn District Attorney Charles Hynes from 1990 to 1993, followed by a stint as the Board of Education's chief prosecutor.
Mazzariello was retiring.

I paid good money!
I overpaid for this!

i don't know could be the t he economic still You know the there's the poverty level is certainly uh you know much worse in the Latin American countries i mean you can say that about Africa too i think it has something to do with the poverty level because Africa is certainly not a Catholic uh country and yet
Poverty is concerning no matter where it is found.

i don't know but uh yeah i guess next week's supposed to be real nice outside i hope it is anyway because uh softball season starts and we're ready to to go outside and do some outdoor activities
I hope we can go outside this weekend. 

Exhibit 2 Analytic Sequence for Multi-Emissions Reduction Proposal Benefits Analysis
Exhibit 2 has been presented to the court as an analysis yesterday.

Inside is an image of the clan's patron, Tua Sai Yeah, a renowned general of the Ch'in dynasty (221 207 b.c. ). Other houses nearby date back to the mid-19th century.
In image of Tua Sai Yeah can be seen inside.

Then he put the thought of Tuppence resolutely aside.
His love unrequited, he attempted to think of other things.

Yet in the summer months Hokkaido's mountains and lake country are mild enough for good camping and hiking.
Hokkaido's mountains are too cold in the winter for hiking.

Where does it rank in the Great Man Theory of Tour Bus History?
The Great Man Theory of Tour Bus History is a name that many find catchy, but difficult to pronounce.

No use was made of the draft treaty as might very easily have been done and we therefore came to the conclusion that Danvers had, after all, destroyed it.
Danvers burned the draft treaty to destroy it.

For completion of all actions for which allowances from the Reserve may be earned has passed.
For completion of actions for which allowances from the Reserve, has concluded and will never be present again.

France's office de tourisme in your own country and branches in larger towns through?­out France can help you with information, brochures, lists of hotels and bed and breakfasts, names of English-speaking guides, and so forth.
The English-speaking guides aren't very well executed and hard to understand.

Then the cross-examination began. 
The cross examination was planned for the next day.

Inside is a restaurant, retail shops, and the Santa Monica Museum of Art, which showcases the avant-garde and performance art of contemporary artists from Southern Caleornia.
Showcases of the avant-garde and perforamnce art of contemporary artists from South California are the main attraction.

Supposing Julius did not get there in time.
Assuming that Julius is delayed along the way.

because they just say there's either no room in the system you know in the jails for them or you know it's just that it seems like the automatic sentences if if a judge has leeway on what he's going to you know sentence someone for between you know two months and uh fifty years and you know what's his whim to decide it should be two months
The judge might decide to give them forty years when the automatic sentence is only two years.

The Nixon Analogy: Why the Flytrap-Watergate comparison will backfire.
The argument is that there are too many differences between the two scandals to make proper comparisons.

you know and i could see he was probably selling it for these other people and we were doing these posters uh for drug antidrug campaign and all these little first graders were always drawing these pictures of ice cream trucks
We made posters to tell people not to do drugs.

That, of course, is precisely why Java has become such fertile ground for cyberevangelism.
Programmers use Java.

Some of the palm trees in the area provide shade for beach resorts in Goa and Kerala.
Goa and Kerala have many breach resorts.

1914: Panama Canal Opens New Era of Global Trade in Panama Hats
Global trade has been in existence for a while.

officials have played a key role in concocting the treaty and stewarding it to its conclusion.
Officials thought that the treaty was in the best interest of the world.  

The FWI's worst modern tragedy came in 1902 when the sophisticated city of Saint-Pierre was totally destroyed by the eruption of Mount Pel??e.
The FWI's biggest tragedy came in 1902 and affected 50,000 people.

Currently the bank has about 5,000 branches and 180,000 employees.
The bank is in all fifty states.  

Slate is already part of PointCast, which puts information you select on your screensaver.
Point cast is a really useful program.

He winked knowingly to his own self in four years time.
He winked when he thought about how he had changed.

Sure I'm from home.
I was born from home.

The paper's art critic compared the exhibit to unprocessed sewage and said that if Emin wins the prize, as she very well might, her victory will testify not to the vitality of British art but to a campaign of promotion so brazen that it has left even the cynical London art world awestruck.
The art world of London has always been cynical.

Tommy proceeded leisurely.
Tommy didn't like being rushed.

But I have been unable to visualize one think-tank scholar killing another.
It seems absurd to think of a think tank scholar killing someone.

Yes, Health Care Is Unfair
Health care is expensive and unfair

i enjoy doing that
There are few things I enjoy doing more.

Al Gore, explaining just when he plans to set off those sarin gas capsules he's carefully hidden around the country during his eight years as vice president.
Al Gore is planning to set off the sarin gas capsules to get revenge on his political enemies.

Syrian and Egyptian gods were worshipped here.
Many Gods were worshiped here.

As it waits to learn the fate of its contaminated office building across from the World Trade Center, the Legal Aid Society has turned its attention to a new home for its Harlem neighborhood division.
They are trying to find an edge that is in a good neighborhood, but provides access to the poorer regions of Harlem.

that's what i think so
that's also what I think too

Pre-1992 loans and loan guarantees that are modified shall each, respectively, constitute a single cohort.
30% of pre-1992 loans defaulted.

He has already announced that he plans to run for president in the year 2000 (the law bans Yeltsin from taking part in that election, but Primakov is another likely candidate).
He has raised $10million for his 2000 campaign.

about Mexico and and uh some of the other areas but with the Persian Gulf as you said it's just uh been very quiet i i keep pretty close tabs on the paper and you don't hardly see a unless it's there and we're just not seeing it
I'm still expecting a conflict to flare up soon.

On May 31 and June 1, 2001, approximately fifty equal justice advocates gathered in Washington, DC for LSC's and NLADA's first national conference on diversity in the legal services community.
The advocates considered this the most important conference of the year.

Readers should recognize, however, that as time shortens, so may the value of the method as a way of presenting a comprehensive understanding of the event as a whole.
Readers should recognize, however, that as time shortens, so may the value of the method as a way of presenting a comprehensive understanding of the event.

Beresford was there.
They were waiting.

The bacillus was not happy with it at all.
Most of the men were happy about it.

But, they said, the proposal would save $10 million by eliminating more than 300 lawyers at the Administration for Children's Services, many of whom prosecute neglect and abuse cases in Family Court.
More likely, though, the proposal would only save $5 million.

Superjumbo?
Bigger than the rest?

Any inefficiency would exacerbate the loss.
It's possible to mitigate the fallout from the loss by being as efficient as possible.

Irradiation is saying we have to have fecal matter in our hamburgers.
Irradiation causes fecal matter in our food, said the biologist.

well i think the war ended too soon
The war only lasted for several months.

the the judge presently has an opportunity to intervene uh when there's uh my understanding when there's uh a verdict and it for example there's a hung jury here in Fort Worth two day in eight to four and bam bam the guy got off uh he was uh he he was a veterinarian and killed two a father and a son okay
A veterinarian who killed a father and son was not convicted because the judge got involved.

We all lived in a blast of publicity. 
We all live in a burst of publicity and derision.

Once he got out of these by-ways he would be safe.
He'd already been in the by-ways for an hour.

She came in to-day.
She attended today and paid attention.

Though Tutankhamun could have been among them, the Egyptian authorities made the decision to return him to the Valley of the Kings and he now rests once again in the inner sanctuary of his tomb in a stone sarcophagus.
Tutankhamen is surrounded by other Kings in his tomb.

yeah it was bad yes it was a big change
The change affected over one hundred people. 

But I guess I'd got the hump from standing so long in the rain, and anything seemed better than going on doing nothing.
But I guess I'd got the hump from standing so long in the rain since it was monsoon season.

Of the notable stories in this collection, A Coupla Scalped Indians, published in 1956 and possibly a fragment for a new novel, is the biggest disappointment, since it is the latest Ellison work here.
A Coupla Scalped Indians was published in May of 1956.

At the present rate of exchange it amounts to considerably over two hundred and fifty thousand pounds. 
The amount is two hundred and fifty-eight thousand pounds. 

They may cut you down just to appease their bad luck.
They might sacrifice you to help themselves.

Many of the men who benefited were absentee landlords who needed people to manage the land for them.
The men paid the people who managed the land for them a lot.

The powerhouse of the modern economy, it is the city's role as a venue for peace talks, a focus for the Arab countries of the near east, and home of the Arab Council that is invaluable in these diplomatically uncertain times.
Arab countries typically have an economy centered around oil.

The insurance and gambling industries are based on these proclivities.
These tendencies are tendencies to over-estimate how much you will get back when you gamble.

okay i'm on a cordless phone and i was picking up uh some background noise so i just switched the channel up on it i didn't want to interfere with whatever they're trying to record so  anyway
I was trying to be considerate to the people recording.

On the upper floors are the royal collections of furniture, ceramics, and carved ivories.
The upper floors are where the most valuable items are stored.

but you know we're supposed to have moon colonies by now but uh yeah cold fusion would have been great
Cold fusion is clearly impossible just like the idea we'd be colonizing the moon today. 

One of the few surviving palace apartments is the principal harem, Rang Mahal (Palace of Color).
The Rang Mahal still survives today because it has been carefully conserved. 

Well, it won't bear thinking of that brave little girl! 
 The girl had faced something dangerous.

It charts the history of Scotland, bringing under one roof a number of important collections of artifacts.
There are the most important historical relics from Scotland there.

Only some jasper had such a good idea as to that what an' where, he an' some amigos was squattin' back of rocks jus' waitin' for th' Coronel to ride into their little pocket of fire." 
The Coronel was set up to be ambushed by jasper and some outlaws. He was warned at the last minute.

the thing that i i then again i i tried pulling the trailer one year and i went everywhere with the trailer like to beaches and to stuff but that got to be a hassle you know breaking down and setting up and breaking down so i decided that
I really loved that trailer especially when doing on trips to the beach.

right and it could end at anytime
The finale can come whenever because nobody knows the plan.

like credit cards  oh no never thought of it that way either he's you know he's addicted to it at times
He could not leave the house without his credit card.

HKTA also has trail maps and sponsors the Guided Nature Walks, led by rangers, that include hikes in all the different regions of Hong Kong.
HKTA has ranger led Guided Nature Walks that include maps and hikes throughout the regions of Hong Kong with plenty of beautiful serene areas

i think we should have because because we're going if we don't do it now we're going to have to do it shortly
If we don't do it now, we will have to in a year.

yeah auto repair tends to be a a topic that a lot of people don't uh don't like i guess because it's usually expensive and uh people end up not pleased with the job sometimes or not pleased with what they had to pay for it so uh i guess it's kind of a sour grapes type topic i just recently had um
I am not someone who dislikes auto repair.

Begun in 1060, the Duomo San Martino, has a Pisan-style three-storied facade with a Descent from the Crosecarved by Nicola Pisano over the north door.
Nicola Pisano was the only artist hired for beautifying the Duimo San Martino.

The Hong Kong Tourist Association runs a  Come Horseracing Tour,  which includes entry to the Hong Kong Jockey Club visitors' box and members' enclosure, and a buffet-style meal.
After the meal, you can view a horse race from the visitors' box.

USA Today 's modular layout and bold type anticipated the typical multidimensional Web page, almost inviting the finger to point and click, to follow Christine Royal through the process of her cosmetic surgery, to jump to the daily profiles of Olympic athletes, to explore the depths of the Bosnia power struggle.
Just like how clicking on a link takes you to a web page, USA Today's frontpage items have page numbers that whisk you deep inside the newspaper.

Look for silver filigree earrings and brooches, often in the form of flowers or butterflies.
Sometimes, silver earrings are shaped like spiders.

what in the world drugs are you know but
Drugs are bad, you know.

Which just goes to show you how much power that has, let me tell you.
That has more power than anything.

On the same day, another Albanian paper, iKoha Jonei , published some impressive statistics about corruption in the Albanian government.
iKoha Jonei was the most famous Albanian reporter.

It was a cultured voice, and there was a refinement to his face that registered on Dave's mind even over the horror of the weapon.
The weapon was a magical blade that caused instant death.

Theorysia frowned, her brow puckering.
Something was wrong and Theorysia couldn't figure out what.

The beaches are a regular holiday retreat, offering swimming and other activities as well as jungle walks.
The beach is beautiful

Ancient seismic activity forced the stratified rock towards the sky and the action of wind and frosehave fashioned it into bizarre shapes.
Earthquakes are quite common in this area.  

Changing the federal frequent flyer policy-and changing it retroactively so that employees can take advantage of these unused miles--would boost federal employees' morale and strengthen the federal government's ability to compete with the private sector.
Changing the policy so employees can use unused miles would improve morale and make employees stay in their jobs.

He's some head waiter, that.
He is the worst head waiter alive. 

In fact, watching Irma Vep , my thoughts kept drifting to Luc Besson's shambolic, would-be epic, which represents the real dead end of French cinema.
They were being a bit too critical.

okay i think we're supposed to discuss our view of the Soviet Union as a continuing  threat to the United States how do you feel about that
So, do you think the Soviet Union is still a threat?

Call Attorney General Janet Reno's office.
Janet Reno has a large office.

Jon looked at him for a moment.
Jon was looking at his brother, Tom. 

The rare, almost sightless Gangetic dolphin may even come up for a blow alongside your canoe if you are extremely lucky.
Gangetic dolphin's eyes have evolved to become accustomed to the dark depths of the ocean.

But no one would dream of suspecting Bauerstein, or think of taking another sample ”except Poirot," I added, with belated recognition. 
The second test would either solve the case or throw a monkey wrench into it. 

we were kind of in for a rude awakening they had personal property taxes on like cars and the first year we're there it was like eight hundred dollars and we're like
When the bill for personal property taxes for cars came we weren't sure if we could afford it.

The Indians, however, resented his refusal to consult them, and rioted over an ill-considered partition of Bengal.
The Indians rioted because they wanted a seat at the table, not because they wanted Bengal to be partitioned a certain way.

First, the publication took the position that the e-mail pitch mistakenly went out under the guise of a Red Eye editorial product, when in fact it was a paid political advertisement.
The email was a very sneaky political advertisement according to the publication.  

This Statement also establishes a standard for reporting projections that will aid in assessing the sufficiency of future budgetary resources to sustain public services and meet obligations as they come due.
The Statement also says there must be a charge to have the benefits.

Carl Ogelsby, whose writings influenced her at Wellesley, was a Maoist or Marxist.
She followed Ogelsby's work and ideas carefully.

 The obvious answer was that he was in a normal hospital, somehow still alive, being patched up.
The man survived the airplane crash and was in the hospital. 

is it that much four hundred dollars goodness damn
I think four hundred dollars is a lot of money.

Among the corners of town far from the crowd, the old Jewish Ghetto (northeast of the railway station) is particularly peaceful and reveals a fascinating page of Venetian history.
The old Jewish Ghetto is now a wealthy neighborhood.

There are several clearly defined paths, with the highest point being Bukit Takum 740 m (2,428 ft) on the western side of the river in the park's northern corner.
There are a number of high points along the path.

Contributes to Fiction Matters, Author 2.0 and Read An Ebook.
The ebook should be fiction in order to contribute to fiction matters.

The act requires that auditors for each of the 24 departments and agencies named in the CFO Act report, as part of their annual audits of the agenciesa financial statements, whether the agenciesa financial management systems comply substantially with federal financial management systems requirements, applicable federal accounting standards, and SGL at the transaction level.
The report should have included more agencies.

I, said the spider, who sat down insider, I went boomp in the night and the bull jumped over the moon....
The bull jumped over not only the moon, but Saturn and Alpha Centauri as well.

She bobbed, arched, and sidestepped every attack, sliding in the sand on the heels of her boots.
She got away without an injury.

Appeal from the United States District Court for the Western District of Virginia, at Big Stone Gap.
The appeal was directed from a lesser court.

Time also considers Necessary Madness , by 19-year-old Jenn Crowell (G.P.
Jenn Crowell is a very young author.

Inevitably the mayors of Nashville and St. Louis will wager well-known local products on the big game.
The mayor of New Orleans will join in for fun.

Anyway, th' Old Man'll stick him into bed here, an' I'll bet you Johnny ain't gonna ride out anywhere without an eye on him not for a good long while."
After what he did to Johnny he won't take his eyes off him.

Miss Aldonka?'
There is a question for Miss Aldonka.

And changes made by Congress in 1996 didn't help  The legislature cut LSC funds by 31 percent, to about $280 million.
Cutting LSC funds by 31 percent was debilitating.

Thus, by using this evaluation technique, we are able to avoid the need for obtaining productive hourly costs translated into dollars using purchasing power parities.
The money saved by using these techniques can be spent on more important things. 

3Federal  Debt Management Actions and Future Challenges (GAO-01-317, February 28, 2001).
The Challenges are specifically about trying to reduce the debt load.

Thus, they regarded the payment accuracy review as an effective and cost-beneficial way to combat improper payments.
Improper payments are primarily made due to fraud.

It was the biggest decline in 10 years.
The birth rate hasn't been so low in ten years. 

We've always been close and don't want to lose the friendship.
We have been close friends since we were in 2nd grade.

In 1981 he was assassinated by an army officer while taking the salute at a military parade.
The assassin was punished to life in prison.

It now comes with two or three mini-essays a week by William Saletan on the order of his Frame Game  shrewd analysis of how an issue is being framed by the contending interests and who is winning the frame game.
it comes with a varying amount of essays a week.

Drab state-owned stores are a thing of the past.
Before, there were only state-run stores.

Well, I have a contract to gentle some remounts for the army, and I need some experienced men to help break them "Drew could not understand the sudden pinch of could it be alarm?
He needs experienced men to help him with his contract with the army because he did not enough man power.

or nine and under they're all real young they're just really feel like that's what God's told them to do but they're not condemning you if you we only have one child you know they don't say they don't put airs on about it or anything which is good because it would be easy i'm sure for them to do that you know you get a conviction like that and you think everyone should have it and so i'm real proud of them because they're aren't really they don't do that at all you go in their bathroom and there's ten tooth brushes in there and i always give her a hard time i go now come on who's toothbrush did you really use this morning
We have started putting initials on the tooth brushes.

Newspapers and magazines and television have made me out to be a saint.
Newspapers are not a very good source of information as magazines and television are.

The most widely used method is random-digit dialing, in which the first six digits of a telephone number are selected to allow for every region to be well represented, while the remaining four digits are dialed at random.
Random end digits mean some numbers are out of service or non-existent.

(It is during this quiet that I hear her two questions.)
Her two questions concerned my wife's dog.

The royal quarters have changed little since that time.
The living area for the Queen of England has been the same for hundreds of years.

Another is Malibu Lagoon State Park, one of the few remaining wetlands in Caleornia.
Malibu Lagoon State Park has been a tourist destination for people with particular interests.

He saw the line of small scars that ran down Thorn's left breast, each one marking a death by his hand in battle.
There was seventeen small scars on Thorn's breast in total. 

The agencies planned to increase operating efficiencies and improve services by automating paper-based personnel processes.
The agencies wanted to automate the paper-based personnel processes in public corporations.

Station I (Condemnation): Jesus was condemned in Herod's Antonia fortress, the site of which is now covered by modern buildings.
These buildings include two office buildings and a Starbucks.

It is familiar to battle and strong enough to survive when its wielder does not.
It is battle-hardened, and will bring its wielder victory in the face of overwhelming odds.

Do not thank him, said Jon without looking.
Jon didn't bother looking at the man when he told him not to thank the demon.

Don't miss the graceful, 19th-century statue of Leda and the Swan in the inner courtyard.
This 19th century statue is considered to be the greatest work ever produced by the artist.

And for those who enjoy inspecting ancient instruments of terror and torture, there's a medieval chamber of horrors in the Tour des Voleurs (Thieves' Tower).
People were once brutally tortured in the Tour des Voleurs. 

Suddenly, in a lull in the clatter of the room, he got one phrase entire.
He could not be heard clearly by the people in the back.

Because, despite its monopoly power, Microsoft remains subject to the laws of the marketplace.
Microsoft owns 60 percent of all computer-related business.

I feel dizzy.
The dizziness I feel is from drinking.

Well, he did, sir.
Sir, well, he did complete it before he left last night.

The money would be raised via taxes on the wealthiest 40 percent of the population and, eventually, the estates of deceased beneficiaries.
The money raised gets used for a good cause.

okay well i guess we should get on with this um did you get the message about what it was right yeah okay go great let me just hit the button
I have been waiting to get this started.

Strolling along the waterfront promenades and through the narrow streets and taking boat trips on the lake are the main attractions in summer.
It costs $10 to take a boat on the lake.

well i think that that there's more you know there is definitely more women in public office uh i think it's going to be a long time before we see a woman president uh i don't think that's going to happen in the next ten years i don't
He was a political analyst for Fox News and had to phone in his opinion.

again what are they going up to thirty bucks or something
Cigarettes are going up to like 30 dollars a carton or something. 

Therefore, you're the real jewel thief!
The jewels were worth a million dollars.

Two seemed intent on cutting down Thorn, slashing wildly at his thighs.
They managed to sever his femoral artery and he died shortly after. 

Table I.1: Map to the Audit Guide 
There is a map

In the colonial days, the sound of a cricket bat's willow would have been heard as the afternoon's sun-rays stretched across the field.
The sound of a cricket bat could be heard here in colonial days, though no one knew where it came from.

If Chernomyrdin succeeds in convincing Milosevic to accept enough of NATO's demands to guarantee some sort of deal, he will go down in domestic political history as the man who sold out Serbia.
Chernomyrdin convinced Milosevic to take the agreement NATO is pushing for.

yeah i uh i just you know it's it's you know weapons weapons obviously do not kill it's the people that operate them and
If weapons operated themselves, then they would be killing.

These attributes include, but are not limited to, relatively little flexibility in financial reward systems and highly distributed organizational structures in a number of federal agencies.
These attributes include, but are not limited to, relatively little fried chicken

I wish we could get hold of Tuppence.
Tuppence is asleep for the night.

uh-huh and then you might have more control over uh the the morals that they would be taught rather than in like a classroom or a day care center
A day care center's moral leanings are almost never going to be aligned with your ideals.

The peak can be reached by an hour-long walk from Achada do Teixeira in the north, or the classic but strenuous, 4-hour roundtrip hike from Pico do Arieiro .
There are a lot of inexperienced hikers who still opt for the 4 hour roundtrip hike.

A tip for visiting the big muse?­ums in peak go at dinnertime on a late-closing day.
The museum isn't as packed with people on a late-closing day.

But it doesn't influence the sky."  "It was never meant to," the old man said, surprise in his voice.
"That's the opposite of what it was supposed to do," the elderly man said.

And is a resistance to that fashion, a clinging to conventional spellings, just a class marker and a reactionary one at that?)
As a blue-blood you would never spell grey with an A.

In short, this explanation suggests that inflation--or more precisely the promise of future inflation--is the medicine that will cure Japan's ills.
Inflation will help Japan by the end of the year.

An article profiles middle-class black homesteaders who are regenerating ghettos.
Ghettos are being revitalized by homesteaders who invest money there.

So long, then.
See you later. 

Table 3 provides a summary of key macroeconomic data for the year 2010 to compare the impact of emissions reductions on both personal consumption and other components of gross domestic product (GDP).
The table shows key economic information related to manufacturing data related to greenhouse emissions.

The best time to see the square as a whole is in winter, when the lovely chestnut trees are bare.
During the winter season is when it snows the most.

The export point is, of course, La Sabina, first and last port of call on any round-island jaunt.
There are no other approrpiate places to start a round-island jaunt.

Under traditional payment processes, certifying officers reviewed all invoices they authorized for payment.
Officers must authorize payment 

The path was now running along the side of the cliff, parallel to the sea.
They knew that they'd never be lost now that they knew.

The first naval attacks by the redcoats were against Guadeloupe in 1691 and 1703.
Guadeloupe was not the only area to receive British naval attacks in 1691.

While some park residents decided to move, others, including 25 families, organized an informal association to relocate or save their homes.
Some residents moved to other states.

The two time lines came together.
The two time lines were never supposed to come together.

You will also find the Cumwest Exhibition here, which tells the story of the Western Lakes, the lesser known though no less captivating part of the Lake District.
It's an interesting exhibit - nearly everyone loves it.

As we held in Regional Management, the LSCA was intended by Congress for the especial benefit of indigent persons in need of legal services.
The LSCA provides indigent people with legal assistance.

family reunions no you just just talk
There can be some friction at family reunions.

Only you're not sure? Drew persisted.
Drew knew that he had no clue what had happened.

yep exactly i like things that uh you know two people can do but i like the quiet of doing things away you know kind of gives you some space for yourself and that's what i find in making the dolls and things that it gives me something that i can create and i like to crochet and knit i made some afghans and that kind of stuff i like doing things with my hands
I always make afghans when I crochet or knit.

The incentive to capture funding for the program was greater than the incentive to wait, capture knowledge, and reduce the risk of moving forward.
The rewards were ten times greater if you capture funding versus waiting.  

yeah yeah well you know they're so large they animated it
They're so large they animated the TV show

well i think i think i i mean what we've turned the schools into now are just day care centers
Schools are day care for older children

 Shopping Tips
Tips for Purchasing Items from Marks and Spencer

Don't believe a word of it.
Words are mostly untrue and shouldn't be believed. 

well we really can't we really don't do that that often um i i guess recently we did um
We usually don't allow special requests for coffees.

We are certainly that.'
That is certainly true but we are trying to change it.

We've seen this model before.
They were bored.

Elements of the postal or mailing community or whatever you might call it have been engaged in the privacy issue at both the federal and state levels.
Privacy has not always been a concern for the postal community.

I may be wrong, of course." There was a pause, then Mr. Carter continued: "I asked him to come round here.
I also asked him to bring me the evidence.

The inspector reported that the chair itself, the wooden part, needed replacement.
The chair has parts that are also made of plastic and metal.

have a nice you too
Thank you so much.

As you head out of Funchal, the village of Santo da Serra can also be reached via Camacha or from the Poiso crose­roads.
The Poiso croseroads will lead to every village on the island.

Barr too may hope to ride right-wing indignation to national power, but don't count on it.
The right wing views are not popular. 

the same person every day
The same person every day for a year.

That's good.
I like that.

Federal Family Education Loan Information  Weak Computer Controls Increase Risk of Unauthorized Access to Sensitive Data (GAO/AIMD-95-117, June 12, 1995)
Weak computer controls raise the risk of unauthorized access to sensitive government data.

As a result, the employee should accept the benefits on behalf of the government and turn them over to the employee's agency.
Failure to accept the benefits will result in a plethora of legal complications.

Department of Housing and Urban Development, Administrative Office of U.S.
The Department of Housing and Urban Development get a lot of funding from the U.S. government.

Consider the benefit of public hearings that highlight Americans who have been victims of the IRS.
Public hearings would make taxpayers be more honest.

The former POV might be thought of as Democratic, the latter Republican.
The former POV while thought to be Democratic is fiscally conservative.

5 million in federal funds under the Violence Against Women Act (VAWA) for use in rendering assistance in domestic violence cases.
The funds under the Violence Against Women Act are crucial to the wellbeing of hundreds of women. 

Establish through analysis of multiple sites and data over time
Use many resources for the analysis of multiple sites and data over time.

Meanwhile, he is being looked into for allegedly putting the arm on a Pakistani lobbyist for campaign contributions.
He has been investigated for several improprieties.

yeah that would be really great
That's something I'm really looking forward to

I expressed my admiration to Poirot, and he nodded thoughtfully. 
Poirot looked slightly surprised when I told him I liked him.

Your memory must be unusually short!
You already forgot about our meeting this morning? You have such a short memory!

However, there is no strong evidence that he ever lived here.
However, there is no strong evidence that he ever lived here because the place burned down years ago.

The Commission discusses its reaction to these concerns, and changes made because of the comments, in the preamble to the rule published in the Federal Register.
The Commission felt changes should be made after hearing concerns.

It was a 1937 version of The Prisoner of Zenda , with Ronald Colman, Douglas Fairbanks Jr., Raymond Massey, David Niven, Madeleine Carroll, and Mary Astor.
The Prisoner of Zenda was a smash hit the moment it published.

It is remarkable that a Court that has so studiously avoided deciding whether Congress could entirely eliminate federal jurisdiction over certain matters, see, e.g., Webster v.
Congress would only eliminate the jurisdiction if something bad happened.

If the sheepshead minnow, Cyprindon variegatus, larval survival and growth test is begun with less-than-24-h old larvae, the mean dry weight of the surviving larvae in the control chambers at the end of the test must equal or exceed 0.60 mg, if the weights are determined immediately, or
Most larvae in the control chambers do survive at the end of the test with weights greater than 0.60 mg.

uh start forcing attitudes and whatnot you know there's not a lot of pressure to to vote the right way or anything else around TI like there like there is in some companies or at least you know from what i've heard but uh
Most companies have a forced attitude on its workers.

Yes, sir, both me and Willum, she called.
Yes, sir, Willum and I were involved in the matter, she said.

The principal city in the region is Izmir (ancient Smyrna), which has an international airport.
The airport helps the economy of the city.

For various reasons, I don't think this explains much about the evolution of American Jewish memory of the Holocaust.
There are materials that do a better job at explaining the evolution of American Jewish memory of the Holocaust.

and i keep thinking you know uh gifted is is Einstein or you know uh musical prodigies it's it's not a kid who's you know precocious
Precocious children are not as gifted as Einstein. 

He started to rush off, presumably with mind to intercept.
He ran off hoping he had enough time to intercept.

I don't think you get to lecture on trust.'
I don't think you have any room to talk about trust to me, since you broke mine.

The next witness was Mary Cavendish. 
The witness saw the murder happen outside her window.

In fact, he  Gladius Dei, an early story, tells of a strange young man raging in disgust and envy at pornographic art in a gallery window and resolving to bring down a fiery sword on a rotten world.
He tells about a kid who had a lot of feelings at the first time he went to a gallery.

For the folks at Public Citizen, this last criterion really sticks in their craws.
The Public Citizen is a liberal newspaper.  

She closed her eyes and Jon's vision expanded.
When her eyes closed Jon was able to see past the mountains.

yes uh Fairfax County has uh a number of uh park authority uh recreation centers and all of them have uh at least a twenty five meter or twenty five yard uh swimming pool
the swimming pools are also all heated

In their writings, Barlow and Dyson make clear they're aware of this fact.
They proved their knowledge when they wrote about the fact.

You could be dueling beautifully until an arrow hits you in the back.
An arrow will hit you in the back and kill you. 

Then she told me that I was her niece, and that I was to call her 'Aunt Rita.'  
I've never met her before but she was telling me to call her Aunt Rita because I was her niece.

by alcohol.
by hard liquor

The major names to look out for are Royal Selangor and Tumasek Pewter, both available throughout the country.
Royal Selangor and Tumasek are the only names available throughout the country.

but i wonder if yeah and i i still haven't been called yet in fact yeah in fact out of our office staff is let's see there's uh four six there's seven of us and there's only one been called
There will probably be more called within the next week or so.

 "Nye's right,"Topham agreed.
Topham is friends with Nye.

'Sort of,' I said.
I didn't want to, but slightly agreed.

yeah and you give them you know they get their free lunch and they throw most of it away but then they have their money to go buy dessert and that they eat
Their free lunches came with apples in them.

The litigation ban is  Litigants challenging the covered statutes or regulations do not receive LSC funding, and neither do litigants defending those laws against challenge.
Because of the conflict of interest, those challenging and defending the covered regulations and statutes do not receive funding from the LSC.

This contradiction of Saturday night summed up the inability of the American political class to come properly to terms with the interweaving of show business and death, of dollars and guns.
Politicians made fools of themselves on Saturday trying to mix business and pleasure.

TheRequired auditor may have to generate this list on the basis of interviews if one is not available.
The auditor must provide this list to all applicants.

Just as Christianity introduced Mediterranean culture into northern Europe, so Buddhism brought Chinese culture into Japanese society.
Chinese culture would not have influenced Japan if not for Buddhism.

but didn't they pass that thing that we were gonna have a lottery or not
Are we going to have a lottery fundraiser?

Buy your ticket and pass through the turreted Gate of Salutations, better known as the Orta Kap??, or Middle Gate.
No one can go through the Middle Gate without a ticket.

The 15th-century Palazzo da Schio (number 147) is also known as Ca'd'Oro, after the famous Venetian Gothic palace.
The Palazzo da Schio dates from the late 1440s.

Apparently, real Velociraptors were small and fairly timid.
They exaggerated how rabid they were in several movies.

it's it's been a rough tow a rough road to hoe ever since he left i don't know why it's so hard to find uh a good quarterback these days
It's been a rough time, but the quarterback doesn't matter all that much.

Well, I'm sure as hell not buying Jumbo anymore!
I'm not buying Jumbo again because they raised their prices.

Reviewers call it pretentious and filled with inaccurate references to theoretical physics, Walt Whitman, and the Kabbalah.
Reviewers may see some good parts of the story.

With exceptional year-round weather, over 72 miles (116 km) of beaches, vast mountain ranges, and a hyperathletic community, Los Angeles has enough outdoor activities to keep you busy for the next ten years.
The beaches attract millions of visitors per year.

They were infused with the idealism and spirit of the Kennedy years and strengthened by President Johnson's vision of a Great Society.
They were bolstered by Johnson's vision of what social programs made America great.

The report says the state would need to triple its combined public and private investment in legal services to adequately meet the legal needs of low-income Californians.
They did not know how many there were that would be considered low income.

Find time, too, for the well-presented Museo Municipal in Carrer de la Corretgeria, 46.
Museo Municipal is in Carrer de la Corretgeria and it is very well-known.

a lot more indepth
There's a lot more information.

The design for the new building was the subject of a competition won by Spanish architect and designer Enric Miralles.
The new building was intended to look similar to the old building.

and most of them are partying
Most of them have tests in the morning.

But he looked so honest, I could hardly believe it.
I was shocked by the actions that happened

 San'doro drew his two daggers, the blades shone red in the low moon.
He was getting ready to fight demons.

The old western was almost always a tale of a courageous loner imposing order on lawlessness, as in the Wayne films and Shane (1953).
The old western usually depicts a vigilante in action.

Kinsley fails to address the main point of the privatization  Social Security changes people's behavior.
Privatizing Social Security means that recipients' future benefits will be less secure.

Fallen works feverishly to keep you distracted from its hollow center but, like a lot of movies these days, it starts to self-destruct well before you've got 500 cubits away from the theater.
Fallen tries hard to entertain, and the script is the key issue to the failure.

um he's the type that he is willing to have to take on more responsibility um if that meant you know for me to be able to uh uh advance or go back to work or whatever i'm kind of more  thank you  i'm kind of more middle of the road i think that when children are small i think it's okay for women to work especially there should be some a lot more part time but i think it's um i don't believe in this career you know this career drive when when they're small because i think  they're downstairs Aaron  i think that's very um
He wants to take on more responsibility around the workplace.

He was brilliant, an artist in the medium of steel.
He made animal sculptures out of steel. 

The State of Israel
The state of Israel declared war on Palestine.

If the behavior of people who are in the profession of making money isn't well explained by the motivation of making money, then it seems a real stretch to apply it elsewhere--for example, to nurses.
Most people who are in the profession of making money can't have their motives well explained by the motivation of making money.

Tram lines laid down at the end of the 19th century still carry old trams for those who prefer to ride rather than walk.
Some people prefer the trams to walking since it is faster.

no i mean you can go it will cover something major but forget about things like eyes or your teeth or anything else
It is not a very good plan.

Several of these professional women across from me were wearing Ally McBeal skirts.
Ally McBeal skirts are worn by many professional women.

If they had hurt Susan, he would kill every one of them himself.
He is on his way to rescue Susan. 

No one knows for certain when the figure was carved; one legend dates it to the early 8th century.
The figure was actually carved in the 9th century.

Most of all, it was a competition in truth-telling (or falsifying), a Cold War duel in credibility occurring amid a mounting pileup of classified information, exposes, and oxymoronic jargon that would eventually donate euphemistic doublespeak terms like dual hegemony, limited nuclear war, and the slogan win the peace to the American language.
There were lots of credibility problems in the US during the Cold War.

The Rajputs made a belated alliance and fought valiantly from one desert fortress to another, but their elephants could not match their opponents' fast horses and Afghan cavalry firing superior crossbows at the gallop.
The Rajputs and the Afghans were in a war.

'Put your Gauntlet down.'
Put you gauntlet down before it burns you.

The bleakest lesson of After the Madness is perhaps that prison has lost its capacity to shock.
After the Madness has shown that being in prison isn't that bad.

Clinton's primary message--don't let the Republicans spend the surplus on tax cuts--didn't seem all that urgent, since it's not clear that even the House Republicans have a majority to do that.
Clinton did not want the people to pay any less taxes than they already were.

For years their territory had been the target of a struggle between the British and French, and the emphatic British victory in the French and Indian War forced them to leave, when they refused to swear allegiance to the British Crown.
The British won the French and Indian War after three months.

There's a good re-creation of King Tutankhamun's tomb at the time of its discovery so you can see just what Howard Ceter saw in 1922.
Howard Ceter fainted when he saw King Tutankhamun's tomb.

The Fourth Crusade, launched in 1202 and partly inspired by Venetian jealousy of Byzantium's trading power, became an excuse to plunder Constantinople itself.
The Fourth Crusade plundered Constantinople, and then burned it to the ground.

no i do not i work for GTE
I've been at GTE for years.

No more trouble.
The bar fight had caused a lot of trouble.

go to the living room and get a glass of water go to the bedroom and make the bed go do something
Go do something like make a sandwich or go outside for a walk.

They publicly converted to Islam to escape heavy taxes, continuing to practice their Orthodox faith in secret.
They built several fake mosques that were nothing more than empty shells.

In fact, Tutmosis II tried to remove all traces of her at Luxor and Karnak when he finally became Pharaoh following her death, but this does not spoil the formidable architectural achievement of the temple itself.
She was Tutmosis II's vengeful lover.

 was reviewed by the Office of Management and Budget as complying with the requirements of the order.
The review performed by the Office of Management and Budget was overseen and signed off on by the manager of the office himself. 

The notion that it was what Fiss calls a source of empowerment for the members of the gay community to have homosexuality associated with snarling guys prancing around in leather jockstraps, using bullwhips as sex toys, and pissing in each other's mouths, at a time when AIDS had become a national health problem and the issue of gays in the military was about to arise, is ludicrous.
Fiss says some things empower gay people, so we should embrace that.

This device is a visual counterpart to the firing of the One O'Clock Gun at the Castle.
The One O'Clock Gun fires at exactly One O'Clock.  

Today, millions of frequent flyer miles earned on official travel are going unused, benefiting neither the government nor its employees.
Millions of frequent flyer miles can be redeemed for gifts.

it's probably and plus no one bothers him you know you walk behind a lawn mower making all that noise no one ever talks to you you know you're on your own
He volunteers to cut the grass sometimes because he knows he'll be left alone while he's doing it.

You will not be able to help yourself. 
You won't be able to resist the temptation.

After tea, Mrs. Inglethorp went to lie down to rest before her efforts in the evening and I challenged Mary Cavendish to a single at tennis. 
Mrs. Ingkethorp tires easily. 

But the new entity does not want to have any responsibility for administering a grant.
They will not administer a grant.

well it was nice talking to you i haven't ever i need to i've never initiated one of these phone calls do you call in do you get to pick the subject or do they kind of
The subject is chosen by you.

According to the bank's central security manager, the bank chairman's goal is for all business units to have favorable ratings (4 or 5) in both categories.
the categories are "security" and weaknesses.

Inspector Brown.
Inspector Brown likes candy.

The graffiti that covers the entranceway and ancient walls is a poignant reminder of how well beloved and internationally embraced this universally renowned storia d'amore is.
There is graffiti on the entranceway from China.

There is, indeed, a fine collection there. 
The collection was quite ordinary.

Our goals and related efforts as contained in state plans are based on a deeper understanding of client demographics published in the new census material.
The more census material there is the more accurate the demographic is.

But surely Miss Howard had ample opportunities of aiding him.
Miss Howard could have helped him.

oh really Holy mackerel
Did that really happen?

But I can't escape them, can I, Adrin turned to Jon.
"But can I escape them? Do I want to?" asked Adrin, turning to Jon.

It is time to revisit and update the Clean Air Act once again in order to achieve the additional reductions needed to address public health and environmental problems in the most cost effective manner.
The Clean Air Act would be improved by reducing carbon emission limits on motorcycles.

he gets right into it and uh
He just goes right into it just like that.

sure of course no one does i'm sure they don't you know it was
You know that nobody is knowledgeable because of the spy.

You can fly to an airstrip near the park in half an hour, go by car or tourist bus in about six hours, or spend a day or two paddling the rapids of the Trisuli River en route.
The travelers that walk through the rapids of Trisuli River are too tired to visit the park in one day.

Termination
They were terminated. 

As for th' kid ridin' north well, I'd say that was some more of his tryin' to make a real big brag.
The kid has never ridden north so this will be an accomplishment.

Miss Aldonka was still doubtful and Czarek doubled his efforts:
Czarek is trying to work harder to make Miss Aldonka believe him.

The Merchant struggled violently and, of course, quite futilely.
The Merchant had no hope of winning.

In mid-1999 it was bought by the New York investment firm Evercore Partners.
Mid-1999 was a time where everyone was buying things.

Scorsese's own Getterdammerung came with New York, New York , a hugely ambitious jazz epic starring De Niro and Liza Minelli (Scorsese's mistress at the time), and the first of a series of flops that continued with Raging Bull and The King of Comedy .
There are many ways in which jazz musicians become popular.

An expectation gap between what an audit is and is not continues to exist, especially with regard to the auditor's responsibility for detecting fraud.
The auditor has too much expectation placed on him.

Pensions for federal  4.2
Federal pensions are paid weekly.

no you could probably just you know
"You can most likely approach her, you know."

what you see is what you get editor for almost all of my word processing so i have not although i have access at home to things like Works and WordPerfect uh but i i do not obviously notice it i i think the thing that surprises me most when i change work to home environment is the cursor speed and after i if initially get over the uh the cursor speed in the sense of moving linearly across the screen uh as opposed to tabbing
I like the new word processors a lot more than the old ones.

well i guess that covers it It was real good talking to you
We will have more to discuss later.

but that same person also has a family and you know his parents are going to cry and you know life ends there and to me that's ridiculous
It is ridiculous that life just ends like that.

The Rh??ne Valley region around Lyon is the epicenter of French gastronomy.
Gastronomy first derived in France.

your husband what what group is your husband in
Why? No reason, no reason at all for wanting to know that information as an attractive female.

uh-huh go ahead they take such a beating
Besides taking a lot of punishment, they also dish out some very heavy blows.

No less defiant than Castro himself, beneath the rubble this city is a living, breathing, vital, and sensual creature.
The city is like Castro in many ways as it followed its leaders ways through the years.

With Tom Brokaw's sentimental nonsense about World War II?
With the sentimental nonsense that Tom Brokaw wrote in his book about World War II?

Private and public gardens burst with orchids, bougainvillea, and jacarandas, while orchards heave with mangoes, passion fruit, watermelons, and avocados.
The fruit from the orchards is often picked by visiting members of the public. 

Their numbers have grown steadily ever since, and today many thousands of visitors come to enjoy the countryside and to visit the sites first made famous by Romantic poets.
Without the romantic poets, the area would not be known about.

which the government used private speakers to transmit information pertaining to its own program.
The government paid the speakers above the industry standard.

In addition, if during the performance of the attestation engagement, risk factors or other conditions are identified that cause the auditors to believe that an additional response is required, such factors or other conditions, and any future response the auditors concluded was appropriate, should be documented.
Risk factors show auditors where there is embezzlement.

Then suddenly the scraps became a mass of sour-smelling stuff.
The stuff smelled bad because it was full of garbage.

well we've got one eighty nine
We'd like to upgrade, but can't afford it yet.

The brehon laws gave women a high status they could own property, divorce, and even enter the professions.
Women had more personal agency and fulfillment under brehon laws.

Now I have finished with this room. 
I'm done with this area now, and can start on the master bedroom. 

Today, Normandy offers a welcoming coastline dotted with old seaside resorts, wonders such as Mont-Saint-Michel, and reminders of the battles of D-Day.
Normandy's coastline is a popular destination for hiking and camping.

 "There remains only one step," Sather Karf decided after a moment more.
The last step was to open the gate to the Vampire Lords dimension.

I found them bulky, and their primary benefit seemed to come from the heat retention qualities of the neoprene.
Neoprene has heat retention qualities and it helps the products sell.

They then go on to recite a litany of risks (for the text, click here).
The risks are dangerous enough that it's not worth attempting.

Oh, you, I replied hastily. 
I replied to John.

Patients with BACs of 0.10 and 0.08 g/dl had impaired mental status, mostly in short-term memory.
Though impaired mental status was mostly in short-term memory, long-term memory was also affected.

Despite this, in many ways Kyoto is a surprisingly typical modern Japanese city, with the usual nondescript concrete buildings along with the remarkable pockets of culture and beauty.
There is a lot of cultural activities in Kyoto.

What's the matter? Drew called.
Drew thought the tent fire was the issue. 

you know but just like if a man and wife is fighting and he kills her that he shouldn't die because it might been accident or you never know what you know what what they done went through together should i say
If a domestic dispute results in a murder, it could have been an accident. 

that's right uh-huh yeah i read some time well not too long ago that the average uh professional career only lasts seven years so that's when you think about it that's really not a very long time of course
The average career span is not as long as many believe it is.

'List your thirteen virtues.'
List your top thirteen virtues.

that was a that was a real good one
That might have been the best one I've ever seen.

Second, each leading commercial company had a product development process that was prominent and central to its success.
each leading commercial company had a product that was very expensive

so it was my favorite place
I took a couple of friends there once.

The technical verification of the ability of a proposed system configuration, replacement component, or the features or functions of its software, to satisfy functional requirements.
If a system does not meet satisfaction, then it is scrapped.

Each of the comments and the response and changes
The situation was addressed as required.

How satisfactory is the compromise?
The satisfaction of the compromise is low

No, they had not kept the letter. 
They had accidentally lost the letter.

These are promising and admirable ideas--modest solutions to a modest problem.
The solutions are modest.

Crew  and  Kleindorfer, Kluwer Academic Publishers, 1993.
Crew and Kleindorfer worked for Kluwer Academic Publishers until 1995.

No horned helmet was found, but the discovery is complicating--perhaps overturning--theories about the settlement of North America.
However, a brass boot was found in America.

By then Gore will be campaigning seriously, distancing himself from Clinton, and running macho ads; Bradley will have defined his big ideas and endured the inevitable media backlash to his current rave notices; and the voters will actually be paying attention.
Gore is going to try to stay far away from Clinton's bad reputation.

they didn't say what they just said they thought acid rain's contribution may be less than was previously suspected um but it may be other natural things at work um
I really hope the acid rain comes to an end.

Yahoo could theoretically offer its entire inventory of New Hampshire Republicans through Feb. 1 to the Forbes campaign at a premium price.
Yahoo might sell its inventory to the Forbes campaign.

Thus, on a delivered piece basis, rural routes use 20 percent more carrier time than do all city routes, and 22 percent more than city residential routes.
On a delivered piece basis, rural routes use 29 percent more carrier energy than do all city routes

At the Stamboul end of the bridge is the colourful district of Eminene, a major transport hub where bus, ferry, tram, and train services interconnect.
The district of Eminene is the busiest place in the world.

Types of testing.
Different types of animal testing.

oh they are they're they're loads of fun that's the most playful cat around
Orange tabby cats are the most playful cats.

I looked at her. 
I looked at Mrs. Stevenson. 

It requires an entrance fee, as does the Tesoro (Treasury), a collection of the Crusaders' plunder.
The entrance fee maintains the building in working order.

so that that has a lot to do with it
That has more to do with it than anything else. 

We also see signs that Venus and Mars were once more hospitable to life and over many hundreds of millions of years became inhospitable.
Venus and Mars can never have life again.

and they were all more or less hospitalized type you know really really sick it's a tough question
The food was bad at the party so they got sick and was sent to the hospital.

They should be ashamed.
They spread rumors about that person.

so you're making uh you know fifteen dollars profit easily
You'll make more in profits this way than you ever did before. 

oh well we're having sunshine i think it's gonna be up in the seventies today so
Today we are going to the park to enjoy the nice weather.

They were pitiful even by microbial standards.
They were the most pitiful viruses.

The Distribution of Inbound Mailby Weight Interval.
The Distribution of Inbound Mailby Weight Interval is exactly the type of sentence that will get you slapped.

Five Romanesque portals correspond to the five Islamic-style domes covering the church's Greek-croseground plan.
The portals and domes were created at the same time.

Las Vegas with a Vision
Las Vegas and Los Angeles with a dream.

Second, rats are not humans.
The last point: rats are not humans.

the knife was very sharp and Ca'daan's skin crawled at the sound of it shaving the man's head.
The man was happy to be rid of his hair. 

We then examine the consequences of volume loss on postal systems in order to provide a measure of burden in terms of increases in average unit costs as volume is lost to competitors, or
The competition in the industry is quite high.

Inside, the marvelous light is due in part to two more outsize rosewindows dominating the transept.
This was because of refraction.

To my surprise, the hat didn't seem to be following me... ...The hat was in front of me.
The hat was teleported from behind me to be ahead of me.

At the south end of the Kaanapali Beach resort complex, the Hyatt Regency is a 40-acre tropical fantasy resort, with exotic birds, waterfalls, garden atriums, and sculpted swimming pools.
The south end of the complex has waterfalls and atriums that are romantic and secluded.

The submarine, the sinking ship, every one to take to the boats and so on.
The took to the boats because vampires can't cross water on their own

well see i didn't either until it happened
Some one else missed it too.

uh-huh uh-huh yeah the friend of ours over here he's got uh sixty five or sixty six Mustang with the six cylinder and uh i was look under the hood of that the other day and like you say you can see the road it's amazing
Our friend's Mustang is in really good condition.

Meanwhile the vast majority of ordinary Egyptians, who offer a warm welcome to tourists, put their faith in Allah for an upturn in their economic fortunes.
The economy of Egypt has been suffering recently.

Most Japanese theater aims less at developing a coherent plot, in the Western manner, than at creating a particular tone, atmosphere, and emotional extremes.
Japanese theaters are hugely popular to visiting American tourists. 

I heard a thump.
I heard a thump and a loud noise from the kitchen.

right  and uh wait for an opportunity to use it
That opportunity may be later or sooner.

The race is not going nowhere, said the Astronomer, earnestly.
The race has an end point, said the Astronomer earnestly.

A man had run up and was standing beside the egg, beating at it.
The man was in a hurry to cook dinner.

They did not, but Sir James referred him to Mrs. Vandemeyer's solicitor.
Sir James has a high opinion of Mrs. Vandemeyer's solicitor. 

Many of the grand country quintas (villas) that still dot the island today have their roots in the early Madeira wine industry.
The island's villas are still occupied and host large vineyards.

he's uh i read those uh actually i think my favorite author really right now is uh William Johnstone
He likes other authors as well.

and so she's going to get some money for that and take some money from the bank and then try to make as much down payment as possible to keep the monthly payment low
if she can keep the monthly payment low she will be able to buy more food

oh really if you had a choice of your car what would you get
What kind of car would you give if you had a blank check?

3) Loral's lawyers tried in vain to block the transmission just after it had occurred.
Loral's lawyers wanted to stop the fax transmission.

Is that clear?"
Do you think you know?

The IRS also points out that upper-income audits dropped in response to the closing down of tax shelters in the 1986 Tax Reform Act.
The IRS audited 40,000 upper-income people last year.

The recurring theme is too much and too little self-esteem.
The theme is that too much self-esteem is just as damaging as too little.

and if it's not if it's not mom then then dad or somebody's got to move in there and do the job because the kids really need it
The children are relying on them.

I can do nothing with the American.
The American is protected by international laws.

Selected Local Shopping
There is some local shopping that locals prefer over the tourist-filled malls.

Adrin's eyes crawled over Vrenna as she stretched, revealing her shapely ivory body under the gray cloak.
Adrin stared at Vrenna's body.

I do, however, wonder about what is not there.
There used to be something there.

In general, economists tend to view an individual's willingness-to-pay (WTP) for an improvement in environmental quality as the most complete and appropriate measure of the value of an environmental or health risk reduction.
WTP data is sometimes difficult to collect and quantify.

um-hum actually he he wrote that prior to the uh Medellin Medellin Cartel being exposed it was on the stands prior to that time it it's quite timely and either he knows somebody or he has a real good a real good imagination because its it hits pretty close to home
He has said he knows someone within the organization and the article seems to support his statement.

It is far better to allow a daily ration of a couple of major temples, a museum, and a strolling garden or two than to cram everything into a short time, leaving only a blur of each and a lasting impression of none.
It takes a few hours to visit two temples and a museum.

WEAPONS SYSTEMS - A combination of one or more weapons with all related equipment, materials, services, personnel and means of delivery and deployment required for self-sufficiency.
A weapons system involves more than one missle system.

Once a unit opts into the trading programs, the unit will remain an affected unit.
The affected units are supposed to attend meetings every Wednesday and Friday.

i only get the newspaper on the weekends so
I like to sit and read the newspaper cover to cover on the weekends.

We've got one lawyer for every 30,000 poor people in the Valley, Hall said in Sunday's editions of The Monitor (McAllen).
The Valley has seen a shortage of lawyers for over five years.

Still, many magazine editors said Clinton was right.
Clinton asserted that she was responsible for key legislation.

During the last 20 years, change has been particularly pronounced with
There is a greater change 

Mongolians from South China and Polynesian and Malay peoples from the Philippines and the Indonesian islands settled along the rivers of the peninsula and northern Borneo.
Mongolians settled along the rivers because they could fish there.

One day, soon perhaps, the public will have to stop gaping at the ability of Boris Yeltsin 'to be good at times of crisis.
Boris Yeltsin was a quick thinker.

right well i would think they would be
I am not sure, but I believe they will be.

I am out a good deal.
I lost a good deal and I don't know what to do.

Yore hat, suh. Hamilcar brought in the well-brushed headgear, much more respectable looking than it had been an hour ago.
Hamilcar gave him a hat that he had brought with him earlier in the day.

You don't understand? 
Do you need me to explain again?

The Wall Street Journal Washington Wire reports that the New Hampshire state Democratic Party chairman says Clinton shouldn't gloat when he attends a fund-raiser in his state next week, but adds, I'm not sure anyone [there] can control their passion.
The Washington Wire says Clinton is proudest of that win.

Somewhere on the other side of the horse, another man cried out followed by another crack of thunder.
The horse was frightened and kicked the man in the head. 

At a point where the Ill divides into four canals, the tanners shared the waterways with the millers and fishermen.
Tanners,  millers and fishermen  used to argue about which parts of the canal belonged to whom. 

Well, that is what Mrs. Inglethorp did. 
Mrs. Inglethorp did what no one expected her to do.

You forget yourself, Dave Hanson!
You have forgotten where you came from, Hanson!

Time 's cover story is pegged to the release of testimony in the Paula Jones case.
The cover story in Time is about the innocence of Paula Jones.

Given its short history as a unified nation, much of Italy's patriotic sense seems to be most visible in the national football (soccer) team.
Most Italians like to play soccer during their free time.

Needless to say the bowl, which is still in one piece, is kept under lock and key at all times.
The bowl is very precious, and we must guard it.

Apparently, the restaurant business could fund some pretty serious hobbies.
The restaurant business makes $2million a year.

For example, presort discounts have aspects of type 1, type 2, type 3, and maybe some of type 5. Similarly, drop-ship discounts have multiple aspects.
Drop-ship discounts, and their multiple aspects, are generally favored to presort discounts.

As a side effect of that disease, reporters have excessive respect for a well-run campaign.
Reporters like when campaigns have good ads and no negative ones.

Reagan and Thatcher present us with contrasting retirement strategies--pathetic senility and rancorous immortality, each in its way a grotesque form of self-parody.
No one really like the retirement strategies that were presented.

Many people cannot manage to go to Italy outside the major holiday periods Easter, July, and August.
Finding the time to visit Italy is difficult for a lot of people. 

you know it the city itself is great but i mean you go in the in the uh car for a drive and you could see nothing for miles and miles and miles
The city is great but the peacefulness of the country is better.

'Like the cheapest whore I've ever met,' Derry said.
The wine is like the cheapest whore Derry every met.

They say that Netscape and the network computer threaten Microsoft's prosperity.
Microsoft feels intimidates by the competition. 

This year's gathering is limited to lawyers and paralegals working for legal aid organizations.
Last year's gathering was open to anyone in the legal profession.

First described by network architects Jerome Saltzer, David P. Reed, and David Clark, end-to-end means that you keep the network stupid, and build intelligence at the ends--in the applications, or the users.
Saltzer was a network architect for Apple.

If transferred to the General Fund, the penalties are recognized as nonexchange revenue in the Government-wide consolidated financial statements; if transferred to another entity, they are recognized as nonexchange revenue by the entity that receives the transfer.
Substantial penalties are incurred for transferring money from the General Fund.

President Clinton began backing away from his pledge to remove U.S. troops from Bosnia by June 1998, which had replaced his previous pledge to remove the troops by December 1997.
Troop withdrawal cannot be easily planned. Just last week guerrillas had laid siege to a town he was planning to vacate.

Ah yes, I had a little plastic surgery on my forehead, so it would wrinkle to the left, such is a trend this season, I can't help it.
The speaker is a public figure and needs to be very particular about their appearance.

and it's a fly you call it a pattern
If it's not a fly you call it complete randomness. 

A Grand Staircase then led north to the most important official chambers within this wing, its sturdy painted colonnades typical of those found throughout the palace.
The building was 200 years old.

Mercury is a naturally occurring element, but human activity mobilizes mercury in the environment, making it more bioavailable.
Mercury may be natural, but it is also highly toxic to humans when touched.

The workers who have the skill, talent, and luck to get these jobs generally do very well.
The workers who have the skill, talent, and luck to get these jobs do well at them.

The large department stores have fixed prices, but elsewhere you should ask whether there is a discount, especially if you buy several items in one shop.
Many people feel uncomfortable asking at first when asking for a discount.

They may, if they so desire, do additional research.
It is unnecessary for them to do more research.

as a result i really didn't have that much interest to learn how to maintain fix and maintain cars
fixing cars is extremely difficult, that's why I stopped trying

Guess  The argument may be as dumb as it sounds.
This is where they give you two lines from the opposing sides and challenge you to guess what the orignal question posed was.

The rider drew a wicked serrated blade but his horse collapsed and San'doro ripped him open with a violent backward tug on his left dagger.
The man fell off his horse as it fell to the ground. 

But few would discard laws against organ selling.
Few people on Earth would get rid of any organ selling law.

Hadn't you better wait until to-morrow?"
Everyone will be asleep right now.

Woolens and Woven Goods??
Are there many options for woven goods in the area?

you know with the great needs that we need today in science and biology and uh you know the the problems we have with AIDS and cancer and and that how come everybody is a lawyer you know you know
There are too many lawyers and the world is in need of doctors.

There may be a conjunction."  He fell back, panting, his heart fluttering.
He was surprised.

well do your do any of your friends have have uh older children that they do anything with do  do you have friends with older children or  they just all have young kids
Younger children can be quite the handfull. 

Leonardo da Vinci spent his last days in a small manor house nearby, the Clos-Luc??, now a museum illustrating his talents.
Many of Leonardo da Vinci's works are exhibited at the manor house.

No. 151 "Is it not a fact that, at the time you claim to have been waiting about at a solitary and unfrequented spot, you were really in the chemist's shop in Styles St. Mary, where you purchased strychnine in the name of Alfred Inglethorp?"
Did you not use a fake name to purchase strychnine?

In 1992, only 1,070 abortions were performed after the 25 th week.
Until 25 weeks, a little over a thoousand reported abortions were performed with a lot being hidden

They don't seem to have the damage they claim they have, and they're bragging about it.
They're exaggerating the damage they received during the storm.

Thursday's judge, the Honorable Charles Adams of the Coconino County Superior Court, agreed, but highly discouraged self-representation.
The case was delayed until representation could be acquired.

uh not lately  but uh yeah there was a little bit of rain couple days ago and they had tornados up in uh Oklahoma and i guess in Wichita Falls too
The weather in Oklahoma was terrible. 

While this guidance focuses only on the reliability of data in terms of accuracy and completeness, other data quality considerations are just as important.
The guidance focuses on the reliable data obtained from surveys.

His shout was drowned in the roar of the motor.
He tried to stop the car.

It was so old that Red's father couldn't tell Red when it had been built.
Red's father hadn't been born when it was built.

I didn't want to arouse the household, so Denby gave me a bed."
Denby gave me a clean bed, because I didn't want to awaken the household with my loud tap shoes. 

Pilgrims came from all over the Roman (and, later, Byzantine) Empire during the following centuries, but the prosperity they brought lasted only until 614, when Persian armies overtook Judea and reduced Jerusalem to rubble again.
Pilgrims came from all over Rome, but especially from what is now France and brought prosperity.

You and your men can protect the town just fine.
You guys should b able to protect the town from the hurricane that will be sweeping through. 

Taken together, These reforms can help redirect an organization's culture from the traditional focus on inputs and activities to a new focus on defining missions and achieving results.
Most organizations will improve if they follow these reforms.

you know it's like i can only do it when i have time i have a whole stack of material and patterns to sew up as it is so
It can be a lot of work.

This is said to give the doctor-investors an incentive not only to cut corners (the traditional HMO complaint) but also to send poor patients to doctors outside the company while referring rich patients to doctors affiliated with the company.
Inevitably, poor patients would end up receiving inferior care.

His technique is too methodical and slow, she said.
She stated John's technique of playing cars was too slow.

Which is why Noal Coward set so few of his plays underwater.
The actors drowning every day is why Noal Coward didn't do many underwater plays.

uh as being a major source of pollution and they've uh ignored the trucks entirely
They felt uncomfortable about the trucks being a large source of pollution.

She says the future of cars is fuel-cell engines--they use hydrogen, and their only waste is water.
Fuel-cell engines are more efficient than current car engines.

With the glorious exception of the St. Crispin's Day speech from Henry V , there is nothing more demoralizing than an inspirational address.
Everyone cried after hearing the St. Crispin's Day speech.

It would be more likely to be a bit after four, not before it."
The event will most likely start after four, not before it.

They do it because they're selfish creeps.
They have been selfish before.

But they'll get used to it.
That kind of treatment can become your second nature.

Planners are seeking funds to improve the statewide website and expand internet access to community education materials beyond the current community education site for immigrant advocacy organizations.
Planners want the improvements of the statewide website to be funded, said the news.

'That's your project.'
The project was supposed to be both of ours, but it's been thrust upon me.

I'd just got to get a look into that room.
I needed to get a look into that room so I could see her once more.

If one has information about Monica, then that one is happy, but the other one is very unhappy, since he or she is at a disadvantage.
Monica's a great chick, also great in bed too.

One notable feature is the contemporary art featured in public areas and bedrooms.
It has contemporary art in the public area that was purchased for $50million.

In some states, it may be possible to develop and implement statewide initiatives to improve service delivery, increase resources, and enhance the capacity of the system to meet the civil legal needs of all low-income people without altering service areas or historical relationships.
Increasing resources is crucial to the success of the system.

When it was gone, he felt better.
He felt sick while it was still around.

Scenarios C and D are based on the recently published DOE-sponsored report, Scenarios for a Clean Energy Future (Interlaboratory Working Group, 2000; see also, Brown, et al, 2001).
The scenarios are based on the recently published DOE-sponsored report which focuses on CO2 reduction.

Not far from these modest areas are the city's first upscale developments, Rancho Circle and the Scotch 80s.
The city has several upscale developments.

A small drum took up a beat, and the slaves strained and tugged in unison.
The drumbeat followed an unconventional rhythm.

After that his work was done.
After washing all the dishes he was done with his work.

Oh, yes; they are identical. Poirot nodded, and gently taking the photographs from me locked them up again. 
These photos are exactly the same, Poirot exclaimed as he took them from my hand and locked them in the large safe behind the painting.

We helped spur the administration to make human
We needed the administration to cooperate

Newsweek offers a piece by a Cunanan friend who says he was a hard guy to read.
The Newsweek piece was on the front page.

ARL's performance measures gauge the relevance of ARL's current work to the agency's long-term goals and give ARL's leaders indicators of productivity and quality.
ARL performance measures are shown to improve productivity and quality.

Honshu, the main island and home to Tokyo, Kyoto, and Osaka, enjoys a temperate climate of unusually distinct  bitter winters and hot, humid summers.
Tokyo, Kyoto, and Osaka all share the same weather patterns.

Time reports that high schools in 40 states now offer marriage-education electives.
Marriage-education electives are beneficial to high schools in America.

Incumbent commentators noted that this will encourage licensees to wait out incumbents and increase the likelihood that incumbents would have to assume the costs of their own relocation.
If incumbents have to pay for their relocation on their own it could become very costly for them.

It proved unexpectedly difficult.
Over time, the task can get easier.

The original designer, Erwin von Steinbach, began the pink Vosges sandstone facade in 1277, but only got as far as the splendid Gallery of Apostles over the central rosewindow.
Erwin von Steinbach died in 1280, and was thus unable to complete the façade.

It's a cool and relaxing way to be pushed along, almost like a tropical gondola ride.
Imagine a gondola ride, being pushed along with the water and relaxing, but now imagine it is tropical.

noticed how wonderful it might be uh i suspect Lotus One Two Three and spreadsheet application might be the one common thread
I can't believe people still use that software.

Smiley Burnette i don't know if you're old enough to remember him
I am younger than you.

Pottery and  In Nassau Street the Kilkenny Shop has a fine selection.
The Kilkenny Shop is an amazing place to find fine pottery.

Referral to appropriate treatment is the critical end point of this type of intervention and compliance with the referral the important outcome.
The majority of people will comply with intervention and referral.

Milosevic points to 1989.
He suggests that 1989 is the year when America took a sharp turn towards social conservatism.

With Paris as his capital, he extended his rule to the Medi?­ter?­ra?­nean.
He remains in his capital, Paris, most of the time.

try to find a time when everybody can be there and we've
We try to find the time to all go at once and spend time together.

India accused Pakistan of backing the hijacking and giving shelter to the terrorists.
Pakistan gave a lot of help to the terrorists.

well i i uh just in my lifetime i know that the role of women has changed drastically also my mother when she began having her family she quit her job and stayed home until
Women's roles have changed because of the economy.

The idea of a long, leisurely lunch hour is utterly alien.
Lunch breaks only go for 30 minutes.

yeah so what we're saying is that we use a credit card when it uh is convenient but if it's going to cost us money we don't though
It rarely ever costs us money to use a credit card when it's convenient.

The president--and this has been especially true of Clinton--frequently nominates the least offensive nominee rather than the most qualified in order to pacify the Senate.
If Clinton nominated the most qualified nominee, the Senate might vote against them.

and it seems to me that you'd get a lot more uh information if your questions were heard if you were allowed to ask the witnesses things or if or the lawyers things or even the judge
Without talking to the witnesses, you can't find out the truth.

Investment (1960-2000) 66 Figure 3.3:Net U.S.
The investment is good.

Brown replied that only a certain proportion of the funding can be applied toward development in R-01 grants, and some of the technology, for example interactive videos, can be quite expensive to develop.
Brown replied that some of the technology, like interactive videos and web pages, can be quite expensive to develop.

But what if times get tough and caps start to pinch?
It is very possible that we may be struggling soon.

OSHA conducted an economic analysis of the costs and benefits of the final respiratory protection rule.
OSHA did an analysis but found that it benefitted people with respiratory problems.

By adopting the language of elections (vote, elect, referenda) and by encouraging voters and politicians to treat vote.com as the vehicle through which the public delivers mandates to its leaders, Morris is trying to make vote.com, in effect, the place where people vote.
You can reach your candidate by logging on to vote.com.

my wife used to plant a few snow peas i don't really care for snow peas well she just plants a few for herself
My wife likes snow peas because her mother cooked them when she was growing up.

yeah i think so yeah seven twenty five
I think seven twenty five will be enough to buy more drinks.

Screening undertaken using clinical impression or biochemical tests is not as accurate or as sensitive as structured questionnaires for identifying alcohol use disorders or problematic consumption.
Identifying alcohol use disorders is very hard.

yeah he's not that far he was sort of in between Strasbourg and Paris
He's on his way to Paris from Strasbourg.

In order to insure the highest quality and maximum level of services to potentially eligible clients in each state, and so that the goal of meeting those needs will be realized, LSC has developed the State Justice Communities Planning Initiative Evaluation Instrument.
In order to be sure the services are good quality, the LSC has an evaluation instrument that it asks each client to fill out.

they exactly and and yeah they never they never did things to embarrass the town and that's what i think would be would be bad about New England
They never acted in a way to shame the town out of fear for their lives, and perhaps I think that's the issue with New England

people now i mean it used to be the law was and no one enforced it but they are enforcing it now and and i'm glad they are however one solution presents another problem well i would like certainly like to see this you know if this is true with this fellow in Atlanta it sounds wonderful
There are better structures and systems for law enforcement these days.

The magnificently proportioned 13th-century Cathedrale Notre-Dame was badly damaged in World War I, but it has been well restored and it remains one of the country's greatest Gothic edifices.
THe cathedral was bombed three times in WWI.

and it was very uh very much in demand for a career
I went into this career because I wanted a guaranteed job.

But she is still a child.
She is a child and is still far too young, but she is developing well, and has a fierce strike and agile reflexes.

They were building a new hall for it, to be constructed only of natural materials and hand labor, but that was a project that would take long months still.
The new hall was to be built using wood and rock.

Among key items are Braque's Man with Guitar (1914), Matisse's collage The Sorrow of the King (1952), Dali's Six Images de L??nine sur un Piano (1931), and Andy Warhol's Ten Lizes (1963).
The museum has 1000 famous works there.

The Bureau of Labor Statistics (BLS) publishes an official measure of output per unit of combined labor and capital inputs-multifactor productivity.
More labor output directly correlates to higher productivity rates.

and that was a riot to see that
It was fun to see that movie.

Celebrating Trajan's campaigns against the Dacians in what is now Romania, the minutely detailed friezes spiraling around the column constitute a veritable textbook of Roman warfare utilizing some 2,500 figures.
The friezes were added to the column four centuries ago. 

One of the most prosperous city-states of the Aegean coast was Pergamum, ruled since 264 b.c. by the Attalid dynasty.
Pergamum was the most prosperous city-state of the Aegean.

As that housewife club thing turns out--reactionary bastion.
It was expected that the housewife club thing turned out to be a reactionary bastion.

This data include volumes by the weight intervals associated with the U.S.
The U.S.'s weight intervals are very different to the rest of the world.

Tall man, with a lot of freckles and red hair?
Is the person you are looking for tall with red hair?

It is well known that the behavior of individuals is affected by the nature of their compensation arrangements
Tests where made on chimps and it was proven.

Which companies to boycott?
The companies deserve to be boycotted.

OGDEN -- For most lawyers, full waiting rooms and appointments booked out to mid-July would equate to a lucrative law practice.
The waiting rooms are full because the lawyers are really good.

If we assume (since you don't do macro) that these prognosticators of doom are correct, what's a body to do?
Let's believe for a moment in the possibility that the doomsayers are all making valid arguments for failure.

The Castle Rock and Arthur's Seat are the remains of lava streams that hardened after the two volcanoes around them became dormant and cold.
THe lava flowed out of the volcano and straight to the ocean.

Farmworkers commonly are dependent upon their employer for both their income and housing.
Farmworkers are loyal to their employers because of what they receive from them. 

part of me says that i'd kind of like to do it just to see what it's like to be in that position where you are playing you know life and death with somebody else could i bring myself to do it
Half of me would like to find out what it's like to play god to peoples' lives, to ruin or improve them.

The artist's masterpiece is the Anastasis (Resurrection) in the vault of the apse, showing Christ pulling Adam and Eve from their tombs, while the figure of Satan lies bound and helpless beneath His feet.
The Anastasis is the last painting the artist ever created.

I helped sack villages not defend them," said San'doro.
San'doro said the villagers should defend themselves.

Sadly, only numbers 14 and 26 are still in their original state.
Fourteen is crumbling but twenty-six is standing strong.  

It should also be noted that decreasing the amount of time provided to install control technologies to meet a given strategy has the potential to affect the cost of compliance as this will accelerate their installation.
Installation will be accelerated.

Under the Act of Union, Irish members of parliament now served in London.
The Act of Union was done with the intention of ensuring that the English would continue to be dominant.

and springtime you have to use bags to pack them
You can get bags for packing leaves at the local hardware shop.

yeah what do you where do you like to camp how do you like to camp
Perhaps we could go camping together.

Control can be fun.
Control can be stressful.

Beginning on the upper terrace with a splendid view of the bay, the hour-long guided tour (conducted in English, French, or German) takes you through three levels of abbey the church, cloister, and refectory at the top; the Salle des Chevaliers (Knights' Hall) and Salle des H??tes (Guests' Hall) in the middle; and the storeroom and almonry underneath.
The tour is not appropriate for young children.

He was in a half crouch, the Colt flipped over and out, pointing into the shadows where the newcomer emerged.
After emerging from the shadows, the newcomer smiled at the gun.

The two worlds met and fused, and out of the two came this world, in what the books call the _Dawnstruggle_.
The world wouldn't be the same if it had begun any differently.

they're like between a rock and a hard spot
The awkward and difficult circumstance came to be because of a conflict of communication and interest.

Not everything in the garden is rosy of course.
The things in the garden that are not rosy are a danger.

But did the book add anything to my appreciation of his paintings?
Even before I read the book, I thought his paintings were amazing.

uh but if we did it oh man
We would become so popular, all the girls would love us.

The privacy and confidentiality of medical records, credit histories, and other personal data on millions of individuals stored in electronic databases are also at potential risk.
Some electronic databases were hacked leaving the privacy and confidentiality of medical records, credit histories, and other personal data of many people at risk.

yeah yeah which is which is basic i mean when hello
It's not hard to understand something so simple.

The man drank, as did the others.
The men were drinking ale. 

What Murray likes about the idea is that it would finally discharge society's obligation to members of the underclass.
Since Murray was born rich, he doesn't care about the underclass.

yeah well that's what i do we had a printer a a Hewlett Packard Ready Writer
The Hewlett Packard Ready Writer was very reliable for us.

We got us our herd, leastwise th' beginnin' of one.
We're going to grow this herd together.

Strictly Tourist
Only tourists are allowed.

Will that be good?
Will having more money make that better for you?

Roy Barnes will spend his first day as a private citizen by starting his new job as a full-time, pro-bono (unpaid) lawyer at the Atlanta Legal Aid Society.
Roy Barnes had also attended law school in Atlanta.

Its proximity to the Strip make it popular for tourists as well.
It's within walking distance of the strip which makes it easy for tourists to find.

Public interest and government sector employers fear that these barriers will turn too many young attorneys away from the battleground of equal justice and their departure will place the American justice system in crisis.
The American justice system lacks attorneys of equal justice already, so losing any more could place the American justice system in crisis.

To name just one example, Hollings uses Thurmond's silence on the Lewinsky scandal to excuse his own silence.
There was a scandal that involved Lewinsky and it blew up in the media recently.

yeah i thought it would have been higher than that
This seems like a very low value to me.

People will come in here very confused and very sad and not know what to do.
They will become sad because it's government work. 

The WP reports that, voting along racial lines, the Mississippi state Senate yesterday rejected a proposal to compensate relatives of those killed in the state in hate crimes during the civil rights era.
Whether or not they should have been compensated is still under dispute.

Take the right-hand stairs down from the platform to the ground floor.
There are a number of ways to get to the ground floor.

First moment I clapped eyes on her photograph my heart did all the usual stunts you read about in novels.
I had never seen someone so attractive before.

Anti-tobacconists insist that nicotine's addictive powers explain it all.
Those who are against tobacco, believe in the addictive power of nicotine, but also add other arguments for their campaign.

Only a little farther south, around Langdale Pikes, for example, the terrain is formed of volcanic rock; much younger and more dramatic in appearance, these mountains have rough crags and sharper peaks.
Langdale Pikes is a young landscape that looks like the ROcky Mountains.

and uh i think those two things bother me more than anything else as far as an invasion of privacy
If those things could be worked out, privacy interests would go a long way towards being protected in my opinion.

If you don't want to be fleeced, don't plunge in blindly.
If you jump right in without thinking, you will get fleeced out of your belongings and will have to pay a huge debt.

The interim rule, to conform the regulations to a recent United States Supreme Court decision (Brown v.
The rule requires schools to adopt student uniform regulations.

Soldiers! Fenner sniffed.
Soldiers are coming for us right now, Fenner said. 

1 percent of GDP in 2000-the lowest point in over 65 years.
The percentage of GDP that is steel is the lowest point in 65 years.

Expect some ribald remarks in broad Dublin accents.
The ribald remarks are often caused by Guiness.

Federal Computer Week (FCW) is directed toward users and buyers of federal information technology.
FCW was established a few years ago.

Silence sat for a moment followed by a single word.
Silence sat for a moment followed by the word, yes!

Abdication of Victor Emanuel III; proclamation of the Republic
The republic was fair.

Then in 1805 the building was turned over to the Institut, which comprises the Academie Franaaise, supreme arbiter of the French language founded by Cardinal Richelieu in 1635, and the Academies des Belles-Lettres, Sciences, Beaux-Arts, and Sciences Morales et Politiques.
The Institut enrolls students from all over Europe.

Unfortunately the crowd parted eagerly, awed by Abraham Lincoln's hat.
I was exposed when the crowd looked at Lincoln's hat.

In all discussion of metaphor, writes H. W. Fowler in Modern English Usage , it must be borne in mind that some metaphors are living, i.e., are offered and accepted with a consciousness of their nature as substitutes for their literal equivalents, while others are dead, i.e., have been so often used that speaker and hearer have ceased to be aware that the words used are not literal.
There is a wide variety of different metaphors.

What a guy he must look.
You'd easily be able to recognize him.

yeah uh yeah for ones that you want to see again or you know ones that you really weren't sure if you wanted to see or not you know
For ones you have watched more than once.

But it is well worth a visit to the top (a short hike from the bus stop) to peer down into the bleak, barren crater emitting puffs of sulfurous fumes and contrasting starkly with the colorful vegetation all around it.
The top of the area has a beautiful scenery.

but it uh it's it's wide enough to pick up uh like the width two widths of a lawn mower
It's wide enough, about the width of the kind of lawnmower that you can ride.

and every you know they go all the time i mean it's like they would go almost everyday to the store and they had their little bags way back then and fill it up and they had this little bitty old teeny refrigerators
back in those days they couldn't store much in the fridge, so they had to go to the store every day

The scary traffic is a real experience vehicles of all kinds jockey for position on crowded streets, missing each other by inches, and speeding on the freeways is rampant.
Driving is scary because accidents are quite common.

None was serious, obviously, and one suspects the new Morris wouldn't lie about a big thing.
The new Morris would probably lie about something small.

yeah there's i've i've read a lot of things um since i got involved in the water business back in eighty three um and it's amazing that the the legislation they have
There is a new piece of legislation that is being into the water business right now.

The evening had clearly exhausted her.
She could not wait to get home and slip under the covers of her bed.

well as a matter of fact i just got rid of a car  because of the requirement to do some major repairs
Even with repair familiarity, it wasn't worth it to try to fix it.

There are places to relax or enjoy a picnic, and adventure playgrounds for the children.
There are things for children and adults alike to enjoy. 

The crowds, the charm, the success...I remembered my ultimate nature as a fraud.
I thought that every success that I had wasn't really true.

However, in a few areas, small changes will be proposed that are relatively easy to implement.
Small changes to routes will happen that are easy to add.

Simmons works most directly with residents of the approximately 55,700 mobile homes in Iowa.
Simmons is enthusiastic about his work with mobile park dwellers in Iowa.

For example, the policy states there should be no significant manufacturing risks but does not define what this means or how it is measured.
Manufacturing risks are not defined in the policy, meaning it is up for interpretation.

no that that's definitely true in fact i i work out of my home um i'm an accountant and i do taxes and bookkeeping and
I know the ins and outs of personal finance. 

Florida lawmakers are quickly moving through legislation to provide legal aid for needy families dealing with civil litigation.
The families are grateful for the new laws.

After a stop to contemplate Diamond Rock (see box below), most tourists continue south over winding roads through Sainte-Luce, Riviyre-Pilote, and Le Marin without stopping until they reach Sainte-Anne.
Diamond Rock is a very treacherous hill for novice hikers.

There are swatches of course, sir, but if you prefer to take care of the strikers, we can wait, no problem.
Strikers are easier to take care of than swatches. 

It's not hard to see why they use it.
It makes sense that they use it because it is so easy to use.

Auditors may also determine the validity and reliability of computer-processed data by direct tests of the data.
Auditors can determine if something is valid and reliable using direct tests on computer models.

so what have your other topics been
What topics did you do besides politics?

and the other one's
These and those.

Although the narrow streets and squares above the Grand Canal have lots to offer the visitor, most people gravitate to the cafe and restaurants along the water.
Grand Canal offers the most spectacular view.

If not, there's usually one within easy reach.
You can take as many as you wish.

She just rapped out a 'no'  
She said one word, defiantly.

and those held that's interesting i didn't know they could do that
I didn't know they were able to do that, but now you told me

What jades the public on military intervention in civil wars such as Korea, Vietnam, and Somalia is the prospect that the sacrifice in lives and treasure may be in vain.
The Somalian civil war lasted a long time and claimed many lives.

The knights, said Ca'daan.
The Knights are pursuing Ca'daan.

You train all your life and cross leagues of barren desert to break your ankle on the way in.
The ankle was broken on the way into the fort.

The proposed bill, sponsored by Rep.
The proposed bill was sponsored by Rep, an IT company.

At its heart is the grand sloping fan-shaped Piazza del Campo, site of the old Roman forum and arena of the town's world-famous annual Palio horse race.
The forum is the largest preserved Roman forum.

This monumental construction covers a140-sq-m (1,500-sq-ft) area, with a Great Hypostyle Hall of 122 columns in nine rows, 21 m (70 ft) high, and is considered one of the finest ancient structures in the country.
The columns in this construction were built to honor the gods.  

A lotta wild stuff down there nobody's been runnin' brands on anythin' much since '61.
There is so much wild stuff going on that it is hard to keep up with it all.

There's a shop and a decent cafe in the small complex of traditional buildings.
You can even buy a donut in the small complex of traditional buildings.

If asked to participate in press briefings sponsored by requesters, GAO will provide support if the press briefing is held in Washington, D.C.
The requesters are often well-known companies from all around the world.

Situated 20 km (12.5 miles) southwest of Tokyo, Yokohama was an unimportant little fishing village until 1854, when Japan's long centuries of self-imposed isolation came to an end.
Yokohama is now a very large city.

you know it's just them there they are and they're writing the whole time
they write about what your saying and your facial expressions. 

oh do you work in Shreveport or go to school or what
Do you work retail in Shreveport currently or do you attend university?

oh okay well i'm a Tech graduate so
Tech was a good school.

Befitting a lush, tropical island stranded in the middle of the ocean, Madeira's origins are shrouded in mystery and fanciful legend.
Some say that Madeira rose above the waves when an underwater volcano erupted in the eight century BC.

By his 20s, he was already striving to forge his siblings into a powerful unit, organizing his brothers and sister to confront their father with a demand that the family assets be turned over (gradually) to the next generation.
His siblings threatened they would never return if their father didn't start migrating his assets.

12 We assume that current-law benefits are paid in full even after the projected exhaustion of the OASDI and HI Trust Funds.
They did not want to see anyone not get their benefits.

Many of EPA's stakeholders are businesses or other regulated entities that wanted the agency to address such matters as the procedural costs of environmental regulations.
EPA stakeholders are primarily out for profit and as such, procedural costs and expenses are of particular concern to them

i don't know did i don't know how old you are but it seems to me like the last uh newscaster that presented news in just the nice simple factual way that i wanted to hear was Walter Cronkite
Walter Cronkite is the only news anchor I have ever liked.

of the of course you never know the guys they pick you know may may never play a game you just never know it's it's a gamble it really is they may get hurt or not be able to participate at that level if you know
The draft is an unknown.

but uh but what if they pay for it what if they pay for
But what if they pay for your car?

But if they just gave the magazine away, advertisers would lose interest.
Advertisers would lose interest if magazine were free because that would make them less money.

Pol Pot is in captivity
Pol Pot is being punished for his crimes.

Referencing is a process in which statements of facts, figures, and dates are traced back to the supporting working papers by an experienced auditor who is independent of the audit.
Referencing is important to prove that the audit is correct.

Oh honey, gramps hasn't come up with that yet.
Gramps hasn't come up with that yet, because he was busy taking care of his grandchildren.

Even so, rationality does imply some logical consistency in your choices about risk.
Your choices about risk reflect a level of logical consistency. 

The House of Mohammed Ali, however, ultimately failed to live up to its founder's great achievements, as the ruling body increasingly grew to be corrupt and recklessly irresponsible.
The ruling body grew to be corrupt and recklessly irresponsible over the span of just two generations. 

Broder and Waas say they have spoken with two ex- Spectator employees who anonymously corroborate Mann and Rand's assertion that the Arkansas Project paid Hale.
The two spoke to ex-Spectator employees last week to verify their story.

He is a long  He lacks business experience, and he alienated owners with his pro-player stance during the strike.
He sided with the baseball players in the strike.

She felt rather than saw Julius throw a sideways glance at her.
She had a visceral feeling that Julius glanced at her.

You can rent a canoe to get there under your own steam or take a ride in one of the many small ferry boats departing from Long Bay.
The small ferry boats are a nicer ride due to being larger than a canoe.

Outside these were the Untouchables, those of aboriginal descent.
The Untouchables were treated poorly by others.

A discussion took place to his right.
A discussion about politics was taking place. 

HUD staff advised that, after submission to OMB, HUD made technical, editorial, and clarifying changes to the rule, which OMB also approved.
Advice of the HUD staff has been completely correct and helpful.

yeah i've done some cross um cross stitch but i never count right and i always have to either take it out or have my picture slightly off centered or or something it never has worked it out completely right
I get frustrated cross stitching so I prefer other crafts.

Since its numerous attractions are spread evenly throughout the city, good maps are essential.
The fact that attractions are spread evenly in the city is a strategy to make tourists to visit the whole city.

ENTITLEMENT PERIOD - The period (such as, monthly) for which benefits become due.
The entitlement period is when the benefits are due to the recipients for the first time.

He said, placatingly, "A circus _would_ be more fun."
I agreed with him that it would be a good time.

Minimum reporting shall include the 
There is minimum reporting, which just requires the bare minimum of laws are addressed.

Don't blame the poor fellow.
The poor fellow did nothing to deserve blame.

Critics are unimpressed with first-time director (and Academy Award-winner) Kevin Spacey's attempts at stylishness, particularly the relentless allusions to film noir.
The critics didn't like the plot of the movie.

Newsweek 's Jeff Giles calls it a hokey tragic romance and Entertainment Weekly 's Vanessa Friedman says it reads like a high school essay--'write the story as if you were Charlotte Bronta.
To Jeff Giles, last month, it was a hockey tragic romance.

These three agencies, which have a total of 35 lawyers and 84 staff employees, last year provided legal advice or represented clients in disputes in over 21,000 legal matters.
There are 35 lawyers that work for the three agencies in Tulsa.

But no matter!" And, with a characteristic shrug, he dismissed whatever it was that was worrying him from his mind. 
He was constantly worried.

After finishing high school in Cozad, Neb., German went off to the University of Nebraska-Lincoln.
The University of Nebraska-Lincoln wasn't German's first choice.

The island's capital, Sapporo, was a natural choice for Japan's first Winter Olympic Games in 1972.
Sapporo had hosted other Olypic Games events in the future.

Within the temple itself the gods share Hypostyle Halls and an inner sanctum.
Besides a Hypostyle Halis and an inner sanctum, the gods also share objects that symbolize their power.

A higher rate of technological change and improved efficiency in using labor and capital can boost GDP and thus future living standards.
 A higher rate of technological change leads to happier people.

Her stage play, The Mousetrap, holds the record for the longest initial run in the world, opening at the Ambassadors Theatre in London on 25 November 1952, and as of 2007 is still running after more than 20,000 performances.
Her play, along with being a commercial success, was a critical success and every critic loved it. 

The National Institute on Alcohol Abuse and Alcoholism (NIAAA) defines at-risk drinking as consumption of more than 14 drinks/week or more than 4 drinks/occasion for men ages 18 to 65.
The National Institute on Alcohol Abuse and Alcoholism (NIAAA) defines at-risk differently for different population groups.

Not all Republican moderates are Moderates.
Some Republicans are radical.

The session also examined the impact of planning and creation of a vision on pro bono involvement, leveraging human resources, and related service delivery issues.
The pro bono involvement will help the community significantly.

Finally, on July 30, the committee passed a third, slightly weaker, article 21-17, which charged the president with having willfully disobeyed subpoenas.
The committee passed a third article, charging the president with disobeying subpoenas and he will eventually be impeached because of this.

These unique roles involve sound management practices and professional audits and attestation engagements.
It's expected that the scope of these roles will eventually expand from here.

yeah yeah it does and you just feel guilty if you don't do something with them you know because you hate to contribute to the problem but on the on the other hand the alternatives aren't to great either
Doing something with them makes you feel better about yourself.

No names, please.
Please, don't mention the names of any people in the room.

The church's dimensions are 212 m (695 ft) exterior length, 187 m (613 ft) inside length; 132 m (435 ft) to the tip of the dome (diameter 42.45 m/139 ft).
The dome of the church was installed by a team of Greek engineers.

In support of this contention, they suggest the challenged limitation takes into account the nature of the grantees' activities and provides limited congressional funds for the provision of simple suits for benefits.
These benefits helped 50,000 people last year.

(Apparently spiritual guidance was a necessity for those who dwelt among an excess of temptation. )
Those who dwelt among temptation didn't want to give in.

businesses, and about 30 percent were other establishments, such as health care facilities, educational institutions, and government agencies.
the three types of establishments mentioned are not the only ones that fit this category.

He, too, began to play the part assigned to me, he writes in Witness .
The part that was assigned to him was not a dynamic role.

The statutory provision is implemented in the corporation's alien eligibility rule.
The alien eligibility rule is under review.

that's too simple
It is too easy, so we cannot do it. 

Population (avoided cases per year)
Statistics on number of annual cases.

The ratio of occurrence of hydrogen-ammonia planets and these super-dense water-oxygen worlds of theirs over the entire Galaxy--and remember that they have actually conducted a survey of significant sample volumes of the Galaxy which we, without interstellar travel, cannot do--is about 3 to 1.
They need a specific ratio in order to perform the travel.

Dennis Hastert, R-Ill., was elected speaker of the House . Former pro wrestler Jesse Ventura was sworn in as governor of Minnesota.
A former wrestler, thanks to his popularity and dedication, has become the governor of Minnesora.

The segment wraps up with a review of Metabolife's Web campaign against ABC News and gives the final word to the formerly comatose Cunningham- I wouldn't have taken it if I'd known the side effects, because I almost didn't make it.
The segment is intended to discredit Metabolife and spread awareness about Cunningham's story.

Good science, not just Nobel Prize-caliber science, depends on hypothesis and test, and then the rigorous demonstration that the preferred interpretation of the data was the only interpretation.
The best science is Nobel Prize-caliber science and it depends on hypothesis and testing.

A short bus ride from the station plaza brings you to the red-lacquer Shinkyo ( Sacred Bridge ), a 28-m (92-ft) span over the Daiya River, where your exploration of Toshogu begins.
It takes 10 minutes to reach the Sacred Bridge by bus.

As the road rises, the rugged countryside becomes spectacularly barren, though plunging volcanic hillsides have been softened and greened by time.
The hillsides are full of ferns and trees.

The Merchant who opened a new planet could have a ten year monopoly of its trade, which he might hug to himself or, more likely, rent out to all comers at a stiff price.
A Merchant could make really good money off of their 10 year monopoly.

He ran his hand through his hair as Ca'daan's uncle had done.
Ca'daan's uncle was named Phil. 

His eyes blurred with tears and he tasted iron in the back of his throat.
He sobbed until he couldn't breathe.

In future trials, he recommended that the fidelity of the intervention and variations among interventionists be more closely monitored.
His recommendations will be adhered to.

two what what do you have
I have two rum bottles, what do you have?

and and i know it's getting off the subject a little bit but i i do you follow a lot of the sports at LSU
LSU sports are the only sports that matter.

oh it's out it's outrageous and then a lot of companies you know offer you know you can have a certain amount deducted pre tax from your pay check for medical expenses but not covered by insurance but
You can have some income deducted pre tax for medical.

Like federal agencies, the organizations we studied must protect the integrity, confidentiality, and availability of the information resources they rely on.
Confidential information can include client personal and financial information.

Its sculptures include a flute-playing maiden and a small nymph pulling a thorn from her foot.
It also has sculptures of children and soldiers.

At the end of the Napoleonic era, the monarchy was restored.
The monarchy stayed in power for hundreds of years.

um and i really i really had a racket going because uh my paycheck was being uh electronically deposited here in the states and the bank that i banked with i could write them a check on an American bank and they would give me instant credit for it so
I managed to scam banks out of $15,000.

If you tire of the easy life on the beachfront, take a trip west of La Baule around the wilder coast of the peninsula past Batz-sur-Mer (pronounced Bah) to the pretty little fishing port and resort of Le Croisic.
The little fishing port is a treasure that did not draw too many tourists.

7Further, current law allows the representation of any alien who herself or whose child has beensubject to domestic violence.
The law was recently passed.

There aren't any jobs! 
No well-paying jobs exist. 

yeah i uh uh i've been mainly with groups of people and uh sometimes with a family here and there a couple of families get together but mainly it college age kids and uh on this one weekend where the tents blew down that same weekend we had one one college kid that yeah he thought he wanted to come and then when he got there it was a little more boring and you know that place doesn't have a whole lot to do up there
I enjoy hanging out with friends more than relatives.

Designed by Louis le Vau in 1668 to harmonize with the Louvre across the river, the Institut began as a school for the sons of provincial gentry, financed by a legacy of Cardinal Mazarin.
It took three years for the Institut to be built.

The state's chief judge is seeking a $1.
Texas's chief judge only wants $1. 

Saint-Malo suffered severe bomb damage during World War II, but the old town, surrounded on three sides by the sea, has been tastefully restored.
The damage was brutal and took lots of work to fix. 

One of the major sights is the much-photographed, triangular 12th-century Palais de l'Isle, which stands in the middle of the Thiou river like the prow of a boat.
The Palais is stunning, everyone is enamored by it. 

Put one on and feel as comfortable and stylish as an Ohio Turnpike toll-taker.
Ohio toll-takers wear uniforms.

 When they reached the shattered body, there could be no question of its being dead.
The body had gotten so smashed up only after the person already died.

For example, GAO has taken significant steps to consolidate its field office structure.
The field office structure is being consolidated by moving all managers into a single office.

 There were no lights from the plane factory.
The plane factory's power was off, which explains the darkness.

who's your favorite team
Do you like the Saints?

Blockades have always been regarded as acts of war.
Blockades on other nations have always been viewed as an act of war.

Colleen Werthmann is doing a show called SHE HATES HER SUPERVISOR next Monday at the Westbeth Theatre, 151 Bank St., New York.
Collen Werthmann is a television host.

For now, is that we start with Nike and Reebok and let Converse off with a stern warning, since Dennis Rodman is its first major offense.
There will be no more offenses.

 "Don't include yourself in the empty-pocket brigade, Johnny,"Topham rapped out.
The brigade is exclusive to people whose pockets are empty.

This site provides online access to accounting publications like the Journal of Accountancy and the CPA Newsletter.
The Journal of Accountancy is a free publication for accountants.

The result of applying these adjustment factors is an updated set of unit economic values used in the valuation step.
The adjustment factor is necessary.

About one hour away from Bhopal, the stupas of Sanchi are the most admired Buddhist monuments in the whole of India.
The stupas of Sanchi may be one of the most admired Buddhist monuments.

yeah or sometimes they don't like either of the choices
Some people prefer other choices to the ones they have.

In 1993, FEMA's new Director refocused the agency on meeting its mission and aligning its activities to better serve the public.
They truly cared about the public.

but i don't think you would uh someone might grab you mess around with you but they're not going to grab you steal your your money and slit your throat which in a lot of big cities
There are some people who have bad intentions. 

Some of the old houses have been redeveloped as museums and eclectic galleries.
The houses became vacant after a nearby factory was relocated.

Another option, bordering West Hollywood and Beverly Hills, is the 200-plus store Beverly Ceter; Westwood has the Westside Pavilion.
All the stores at the Beverly Center are expensive.

It did not complete 90 percent drawings-the best practice-until 1999.
I completed 90 percent drawings-interesting practices is 1999.

Over its long history, the cathedral has witnessed many momentous occasions.
The cathedral was originally built as a political statement.

I don't think so.
You are looking in the wrong place.

oh that's my problem i'll go down to the uh SPCA or the Humane shelter and i i feel so sorry for them and i just want to i want to bring them all home
i feel sad for the shelter animals, and i would adopt them all if i had space and money

Take a stroll around the picture-perfect little fishing harbor, where the boats become stranded like beached whales at low tide.
It only takes an hour to stroll around the harbor.

Particularly good are the extra virgin cold pressed oils from Sitaa, Toploe, and Agaa Triada.
Toploe produces the highest grades of oil.

Partiality and-in some instances-the inability to generalize from the findings can limit the utility of case study methods for evaluation.
The findings need to be analyzed for the case studies.

The real question is how to strike an appropriate balance among the often conflicting values of truth on the one hand and considerations such as privacy and equality on the other.
The real question is how to strike an acceptable balance between the often conflicting values of truth on the one hand and considerations such as privacy and equality on the other.

More recently, Saint-Francois has grown to be a major tourist center.
The region makes a lot of money from tourists.

In the Final Regulatory Flexibility Analysis, the FCC finds that there will be no economic impact on small businesses.
The FCC points out that medium to large-sized business may be negatively impacted.

Beyond the bridge, on the opposite shore, is the Beylerbeyi Palace, a summer residence and hunting lodge built for Sultan Abdul Aziz in 1865 (guided tours 9:30 a.m. 4:00 p.m. , closed Monday and Thursday).
Sultan Abdul Aziz was known to be more like a dictator than a sultan.

You may not fall into conversation in Dublin quite as readily as in a country pub, but you'll find that here, as everywhere, the Irish are welcoming hosts.
Irish people may not start the conversation but they will talk to you.

i just i don't know i feel so sorry for them but at the same time
I am sure that I feel sorry for the others.

Who wrote that piece of shit, anyway?
This is the worst piece of writing ever.

The area around the Inland Sea offers a wide range of attractions, from the varied towns and cities of Western Honshu to the major pilgrimage destination of Shikoku island.
People take a pilgrimage to Shikoku island for religious purposes.

In 1974, Congress enacted the Legal Service Corporation Act (LSCA), which created the LSC for the purpose of providing legal assistance to indigent people in civil matters.
Congress provided a noble service to the poor.

You will find good crab and shrimp at the fishing village of Pantai Kundor.
You can find good crab and shrimp and possibly lobster in the fishing village of Pantai Kundo.

I hadn't seen the body, hadn't been back to her restaurant, hadn't RSVP'd the funeral.
I planned on going to the funeral but never sent in my RSVP..

Still, the singers, dancers, guitarists, and flashy, colorful costumes are enjoyable to all but the purist.
The performers enjoy putting their costumes together.

Gardens, Rivers, and Plantations
The photo collections features the gardens and streams of the area.

I do love women.
I have always loved women.

It'll be the end of it if you do." Tommy turned to Tuppence.
It would resolve the outstanding parking ticket disputes if he did.

However, several conceptual and practical issues need to be clarified so they can be resolved in a future research and implementation agenda.
The agenda has many vestigial details. 

But consider yourself fortunate if you've never invested a penny in this market.
You are fortunate if you have never invested in the market because it is crashing.

Welldeveloped techniques exist to provide monetary estimates of these benefits to agricultural producers and consumers.
These techniques were developed in concert with the Board of Labor Statistics.

Table 7 illustrates key criteria used by commercial companies that are currently lacking in DOD's policy.
Table 7 is a very long chart.

What's valuable about Chicago isn't just that it's a high-caliber, difficult school.
Chicago is the top economics school.

well and Ninja Turtles
Plus Ninja Turtle shirts.

It adds that prior light truck standards have not been viewed as having federalism implications warranting preparation of a Federalism Analysis.
It adds that prior light truck standards, it was a much nicer place and time

Nonexchange transactions with the public
The transactions were done at a bank.

I must make him see the gravity of his position. 
Imust make him see how serious his situation is before it is too late.

In exchange, he agreed not to extend Johor's rule to neighboring states.
In return, he received assurances his rule would continue unopposed.

McGwire's Balls
McGwire's balls were visited by millions.

The Postal Service commented that, in its view, legal constraints would not preclude a contract mechanism in principle, but that no such arrangement would be permissible without the Commission's participation in accordance with 39 U.S.C.
The provision was favorable to the Postal Service and legal, but it would be up to the Commission to decide whether it could be implemented.

how with uh the work load kids have nowadays and what often most college students i'm like maybe when we went to school i don't know how long ago you went but
I don't think that there's any evidence that it makes a difference for kids.

If you don't catch a major match, you may come acrosea competition in a Calcutta alley or a meadow in Kashmir.
There is a very good chance that you will get to see a competition if you visit an in an alley in Calcutta.

if that if if that amounts for anything
If that counts as a viable option.

Any relatives I have are in homes for decayed gentlewomen! 
I have lots of relatives

right i don't uh you know i i guess they say that a lot of people in the in the Middle East particularly can pick up fakes
People from the Middle East, specially from Turkey, can pick up fakes.

I thank you for the opportunity to work with you to continue that great tradition.
The tradition has been happening for many years.

This is the only city in the world to have been the capital of both an Islamic and a Christian empire.
The Christians and Islamics lived in the city together.

Stop blaming John.
John didn't do it.

He looked at the wall clock.
He checked the time on the wall clock.

Port Morant, a little way west, was the place where Captain Bligh of  The Bounty  fame first landed breadfruit on Jamaica.
Port Morant is a small town.

i wish they would
I wish they would impeach the President.

The first three explanations all rely on various forms of greed or other base human motivations that are close enough to greed to be easily worked into economic theory.
Several later explanations rely on greed.

with me i just decided not to face it and you know in most in in so many words you know in one way or the other i just decided not to face that issue and i just keep them with me
The issue was too difficult to face, so I just kept them.

on Governmental Affairs, 96th Cong.
Homeland security was also talked about in the 96th Cong.

The overarching goal has always been-and will always be-the creation of world class legal services delivery systems in which no client or potential client is turned away.
Many who have worked in the legal system would agree that thee goals are far easier said than done.

and all this and so no i don't trust them a bit i think it's a big scam
It looks like a pyramid scheme to me.

Johnson said through the program her shelter, which served 187 women and children last year, has been able to form better relationships with those who work with domestic violence victims.
Johnson said the program served 187 women and kids last year and hoped to do more this year.

Newsweek congratulates New York for its remarkable comeback, applauding its falling crime rate, cleanliness, swinging nightlife, and entrepreneurial immigrants.
New York has actually become the number one place to live in the US.

The terms are almost too liberal, Mr. Whittington.
The terms of the deal were far too liberal to be in the favor of everyone involved.

but um oh we suffered that first summer we traded that thing in  as as soon as we could because it just it's indispensable down here to have air conditioning
Air conditioning is essential down here.

Blois Olson, a spokesman for Minneapolis-based Dominium, said the company didn't build the complexes but only acquired them.
Blois was tired when he made the statement and it made him quite cranky. 

He said the way to accomplish this is to find and work with agency staff interested in the topic.
He wanted someone passionate about the issue.

$20,171 to support overtime costs of two additional officers to serve PFAs during nonscheduled work hours, ensuring more expedient and immediate delivery and service of PFA orders.
The additional officers do not want to work overtime.

uh-huh yeah i like him
He's one of my favorites.

The one to the joint venture?
The one to the business corporation between the two companies?

that is used in most medicines. 
That is used in all medicines.

The President's Clear Skies Initiative is designed to help us meet our national air quality goals.
The President began the initiative in the hope that their successor would follow suit.

Look for the elaborate oriental lines of the Mosque of Abu El Abbas on your right.
The elaborate oriental lines weren't actually intentional, but a gift of nature.

But what it isn't is a rational way to run an industry.
This idea can lead to drastic changes.

This is an area where we have seen an increase in a need for help.
Public education is an area which needs more help. 

people, results driven, business acumen, and building coalitions and communications.
The most important of these was business acumen.

Executive  Improving Mission Performance Through Strategic Information Management and Technology (GAO/AIMD-94-115, May 1994)
Mission performance can be improved through personnel information management.

yeah i  i think so too i think that's a bit dramatic but but other than that i think it it's a good idea to get them involved in the city and community activities and you know like the uh shelters and
The benefits the community would be getting can't be understated.

I'm considering it--being so tired of dealing with his tantrums and childish attitudes.
I don't believe that he has any good qualities.

The Pont Alexandre III is undoubtedly the most romantic with its Belle Epoque lanterns and melodramatic statues of Fame and Pegasus.
The Pont Alexandre III has beautiful lanterns that make it a romantic place to stroll late at night.

Horse-racing is popular, with races such as the Calcutta Derby, St. Leger, and the Oaks in Mumbai.
Calcutta Derby is the biggest race of the year with your reputation on the line.

Instead of requiring a date stamp, the Report and Order required that new telephones be stamped with the letters HAC.
Phones need to be marked 

Other centers for concerts, plays, and entertainment are Sha Tin Town Hall and Tsuen Wan Town Hall in the New Territories.
The Sha Tin Town Hall is a local favorite spot for concerts, plays, and entertainment. 

When you find something you want to buy, ask the shopkeeper how much it costs, and then offer around half of what you're prepared to pay.
Bargaining is usually a quick and simple process.

Something like in haste or gotta run, but I got your message.
I got your message but I've gotta run to the store. 

I want to know what happens next with the mob--in real life--if, as you say, the smarter ones realize that the Bada-Bing lifestyle is dead.
The mafia life isn't one of popularity anymore... I'd like to see how it's functioning today. 

The universe was stable again.
The universe has not been this stable in over 5 years.

Try the House of Ireland (see above), or the Irish Crystal Store on Wicklow Street.
Your shopping needs will be met at the House of Ireland or the Irish Crystal Store.

as well as Saddam Hussein i i mean i think their big problem up there is you know unfortunately not only are they there there's more than one group fighting for the same place where they all want you know whereas the Baltics are saying well we want our own we just want this little tiny piece of land
They are in a worse position than the Baltics.

The liveliest meeting place is around the monumental Renaissance Fontaine des Innocents (once part of a cemetery).
Many tourists flock to visit the Renaissance Fontaine des Innocents each year.

But what separates documentary from fiction is that real people are often more complicated, and more conflicted, than finished characters--as Brenda proved to be more (or, at least, other) than the sum of her parts.
All of the things real people do throughout a day makes them more complicated than finished characters.

(For instance, if you're a presidential candidate and are asked if you have ever smoked marijuana, and you have, but only in England, you might reply that you have broken no state laws.)
A presidential candidate could have broken some laws.

The pictures' precariousness, their de Kooningness, has unmistakably begun to leak away.
The precariousness of the picture and how it hangs has shifted.

French painters represented include Delacroix and Francois Clouet, as well as Gricault, who was born in Rouen.
The french painters that were represented included more than 3 of them.

There will always be localized Italian-American gangs, but a wide network of criminals who have their hooks into organized labor and adhere to a code of silence?
Will the mafia always exist in America, in its current form?

These other professional standards are not incorporated into GAGAS, but can be used in conjunction with GAGAS.
These other professional standards should be incorporated into GAGAS. 

I've heard that a girl always refuses you once a sort of convention." Tommy caught his arm.
Tommy grabbed his arm forcefully.

Figure 2 illustrates the six principles and their relationship with the three critical success factors and their respective organizational foci.
As can be seen in Figure 2, 6 principles used within 3 success factors and their main focus point, is seen. 

The carp's ability to struggle upstream against a strong current is regarded as a fit model for Japanese boys.
The carp's ability to struggle upstream against a strong current is unmatched by any other animal.

With best wishes,
The wishes are for a happy birthday.

The Commission determined to retain its prior year practice of mitigating the impact of the fees by establishing maximum annual fees for two categories of small entities.
All the Commission's prior year practices were a success.

Red stared at him sidelong.
Red left hi gaze on him from a side position.

uh-huh yeah really yeah and i need all the help i can get
yes, and i need a lot of help now that i'm injured

And it implies that the Harlem racket reverted to local control.
We got what we wanted - the Harlem racket is under local control again.

If, for example, a company wants to argue that unionization will raise labor costs to the point where it will be forced to shut down operations, should it be allowed to do so?
Unions protect workers rights, so should the companies be allowed to argue against them for fear it may hurt thier bottom dollar?

Grace and consistency?
Consistency?

from the day care
They came from the direction of the day care.

oh you'll find something like that uh especially when you have kids
You will find peace one day, when you have kids.

National saving represents resources available for investment in the nation's stock of capital goods, such as plant, equipment, and housing.
A nation's stock of capital goods includes both industrial and agricultural machinery.  

Both the external and internal environments are important, and neither can be viewed independently of the other.
It has long been held in this industry that there's a relationship between the internal and external environments that can't be underestimated.

Birch, unlike Clinton, had to give a principled answer--uh, yes--at which point Will and Bennett dragged her through the sordid exercise of distinguishing gay marriage from polygamy and incest.
Bennett said gay marriage was similar to incest and should be outlawed.

A police helicopter was tumbling through the sky, tracing a rapid path back down to earth.
A helicopter was on fire and crashing to the ground. 

But the town itself, with its miraculously preserved old city center, has much else to offer.
The town itself has lots of interesting events.

do you go right after work
Isn't it annoying to go after work?

i'm in computer science actually i'm uh today i had uh i'm in a Masters program
I'm in a masters program, and I touch on computer science.

and uh it uh it was interesting just to listen to the rationale uh being proposed and the logic of some of the people uh it was also extremely difficult to stay awake sometimes because there was so many witnesses and we were not allowed to take any notes of any kind uh and i thought that that was a failing because uh from the standpoint that it was difficult to try to remember everything and and yet the judge said well um if you're taking notes you're missing something
It was a good thing that we could not write anything down.  

jeez you can't get any interest rates
The interest rates are low because we do not invest enough.  

i've got two and it is hard to find day care for them
I've tried over and over to find proper day care for them.

She wants Evie to stay on, is begging her to, but she doesn't want me, and ”and ”I don't know what to do." Suddenly the poor child burst out crying. 
I can't afford a place of my own and this seems like home to me. 

They will get the underlying implicit message.
They will take a while to get the underlying implicit message.

Helping an offeror to bring its proposal up to the level of other proposals through successive rounds of discussion, such as by pointing out weaknesses resulting from the offeror's lack of diligence, competence, or inventiveness in preparing the proposal.
Pointing out weaknesses can help an offeror bring its proposal up to the level of others, because it shows the offeror can detect mistakes easily.

It may be Egypt's position at the meeting point of three cultures Africa, Europe, and the Middle East that accounts for its complexity.
Egypt has African, European, and Middle Eastern influences that blend to create unique food and art.

even though you could probably get away with a cotton dress you got to go out and buy the rayon dress or something you know
The rayon dress is more expensive than the cotton one.

In 1871 under the Third Republic, Martinique and Guadeloupe were granted representation in the National Assembly in Paris, which they have retained ever since.
Martinique and Guadeloupe were given representation in the National Assembly in Paris which allowed them to vote for all new laws.

I will introduce you, said Gauve.
Guave said he would introduce the man to the townspeople.

Wilshire Boulevard began as an Indian trail connecting the downtown area with the La Brea tar pits and later was developed as an upscale shopping and business district.
The Wilshire Boulevard is considered to be a flourishing part of the city.

Across the tops of these small former workshops, Vasari provided a covered corridor for Duke Cosimo to keep out of the rain when croseng from his Pitti Palace to the Uffizi.
It was often necessary for the duke to visit the Uffizi.

This near cult of fairness prevents conflicts, but it also prevents interest.
The cult of fairness prevents them from fighting for resources.

i was i was a lot more impressed with her than i though i would be it turned out to be a better thriller than i was expecting it to be so yeah it was a pretty good movie
She usually can't act her way out of a bag, but was good in this movie.

But General de Gaulle gained his revenge by starting his march of Liberation here in 1944.
General de Gaulle got revenge on the Italians, who had threatened his kingdom for years.

father said. 
The father talked to the police.

and when you're in jail they take you out just like they do in Alabama or anywhere else in what they call a chain gang and they clean the city parks
Every state has prisoners clean the city parks.

Hollywood first became the center of the film industry in the 1920s, after Cecil B. DeMille set up the town's first movie studio near Highland and Sunset in a horse barn and filmed The Squaw Man, the first feature-length film, in 1913.
After Cecil B. DeMille, many more people flocked to Hollywood to establish studios.

The modes of any period can easily be made to look stupid.
This is because each period's had modes that were dated and timeless.

first class in September 1995, the GPRA training has been delivered 3 times via satellite to 38 sites and has reached 760 people.
The GPRA training takes four days to complete and has a fifty percent washout rate.

but they don't look you know like she had complained about it one time and the girl said she was sorry she picked up these utensils and and when back and grabbed some new ones and then put the new ones back down and the new ones looked worse than the ones that she took away so she is not even looking you know and
She wanted to complain to management about the cutlery.

an executive and operational capability to encourage and manage change.
The operational capability encourages and manages change among CEOs

Do you steal Tootsie pops at checkout counters?
Stealing is always bad, no matter the circumstances.

Many advisors try to help their clients meet a short-term value-oriented objective.
Short term objectives are favored because of potential market instability in the future.

The armored man howled in his helm as the hand enclosed, twisting metal and crushing bone.
The armored man whooped as his armor failed, and watched as it dropped from his body ineffectively at the unarmed attack.

A more sophisticated approach would be to model a changing international environment in detail.
The approach would be hard to model.

Rouen continues to work on its monuments and public buildings, and recently has finished quayside renovations aimed at bringing life back to the riverside with new promenades.
Fundraisers have been held to finance the Rouen renovations.

British journalist Iain Pears' best-selling murder mystery, set in 17 th century England, is compared to Umberto Eco's The Name of the Rose . Pears uses the thriller as an occasion to wax philosophical, meditating on scientific method and political liberalism.
The comparison between Umberto Eco's and Iain Pears' books is unfair.

A variety of goods are available throughout Malaysia.
Malaysia is a good place to visit for shopping.

Fado's origins are unclear.
Though Fedo has claimed he is descended from a duke, it is unclear what his origins are.

And you never told me? 
Why didn't you tell me?

Tommy disentangled it and smoothed out the telegram.
Tommy unwrinkled the telegram so he could read it.

Batterers use the courts as a way to maintain control, she said. 
Batterers also use batteries to maintain control in many cases.

Walk to the bottom of Kildare Street and you will reach St. Stephen's Green, formerly an open common, but enclosed in 1663 and now a 9-hectare (22-acre) park in the heart of the city surrounded by some beautiful buildings.
Kildare Street is a one way street.

And I'm sure it looked wonderfully natural at a distance. 
It wouldn't have been mistaken as the real thing if you looked at it closely. 

oh you should have used it you wouldn't have been liable for the payment
If you used your credit card you wouldn't be liable for the payment.

If it were, they may all be dead.
If it were in fact already at the house, they might be dead.

None of this means that Gillette and Campbell's are not pushed by their competition, since all the evidence suggests that they are constantly looking for competitive advantages.
Gillette and Campbell's are the two leaders in their industry.

Public bridle paths throughout the Lake District lead through particularly beautiful and tranquil countryside.
It is free to stroll through the bridle paths and they are well maintained.

The surrounding warehouse districts have interesting stores for souvenir browsing.
Stores in the warehouse districts are open every day but Sunday. 

As expected, CAGE and AUDIT performed best within the spectrum of alcohol use they were developed to explore.
CAGE and AUDIT did better than other comparable programs.

yeah and all that stuff well i'm i'm pretty easy as far as yard work i'll go out there and cut it and i'll edge it if it dies it dies
I'll get there if it is getting out of control and mow it or trim the edges, but I don't really worry that much over it.

LSC grantees may not represent aliens in this category who have never entered or been present in the United States.
LSC grantees were sorry to discover that they couldn't represent this category of aliens.

Some changes in personal values are simply part of growing older.
Due to changing hormones and heartbreak, personal goals change as you age

If they had had any, they would have been ten or eleven by now.
"There would have been plenty more, as long as they at least had some."

Just down the hill beyond the arch, on calle de Cervantes, the Museo de Santa Cruz (Museum of the Holy Crose is housed in the sumptuous 16th-century Hospital of the Holy Crose as notable as the contents within.
The Hospital of the Holy Crose had housed many institutions in his 500 years existence.

The Caleornia ScienceCeter andIMAX Theater (700 State Drive) presents technological exhibits from robotics and fiber optics to a miniature winery.
The most popular exhibit is the one teaching children how to make rockets.

Our interest rate assumption for 2000 through 2005 is consistent with the average rate on the debt held by the public implied by CBO's interest payment projections in its baseline.
The interest rate assumption is based on the CBO's baseline,  which is the closest we can get.

He couldn't have been more than thirteen years old all dressed up in dueling armor.
He was a ready to fight.

The cafe boasted wire tables and chequered clothes.
The cafe had tables or people to sit at.

San'doro lunged but Stark's short blade kept him at bay.
San'doro lunged, but his opponent's short sword kept him from moving closer--he did not want a fight.

Industry compliance has been nearly 100 percent, and the program only requires a handful of EPA employees to operate.
The compliance of the industry has been excellent.

think we need to figure out a way to uh to make medical care cheaper why is this stuff so expensive why is the cost going up so incredibly fast you know because it's it's coming out of my paycheck it's coming out of your paycheck and it's coming out of our taxes too
I'm struggling a lot with paying for my medical care at the moment.

Zuiganji temple is the center of an old Zen Buddhist seminary.
Zen Buddhist priests practice sermons in the Zuiganji temple.

Forced by a cruel publishing house to give up her last, cherished family jewel at a fire-sale price.
Her outstanding debt may have been the driving force behind the publishing house forcing her to sell her expensive family heirloom.

In any case, we recommend that you choose from at least two of them, ideally three, when planning your menu. 
There are exactly five items to choose from in the menu.

And We're boycotting not just hoops shoes, but running shoes, hiking boots, sweatpants, socks.
Running shoes and hiking boots are going to be the biggest casualties of the boycott.

Extramarital affairs
Two extramarital affairs.

Two tall skyscrapers dominate the plaza.
Two skyscrapers are in the plaza, but will be torn down.

Take two or three days anything less is likely to be a waste of time.
You must take your time to appreciate it. 

The Golden Horn is an inlet of the Bosphorus, penetrating 71.2 km (41.2 miles) into the hills behind the city.
The Golden Horn got its name from the golden reflection of the sun in the water as it sets.

There was a pretty rogue for you! 
There was a pretty rogue that was made just for you.

i think she was i'm not sure it was a hundred or so years ago so i i don't know i'm not real up on past history or anything
It was quite a bit ago, but I'm not sure how long. 

it bothers me
I don't like that I have to get up so early. 

Better shops are air-conditioned.
Wealthier customers prefer the cool air.

4 Corpse  Some anthropologists say the technology is new but the impulse is old.
There were 4 corpses that made the anthropologists question whether the technology is new but the impulse is old.

 There was a slight movement.
No one noticed the slight movement.

State officials continue to raise the bar and seek new ways to increase accountability and improve the state's performance.
State officials seek to improve the economy of the state.

This estimate is the mean of a distribution fitted to the estimates from 26 value-of-life studies identified in the Section 812 reports as applicable to policy analysis.
The estimate has based off of the given values.

This sector does not contain advertising mail.
The sector does not need to advertise.

Jon placed a hand on San'doro's shoulder and stood.
Jon pushed on San'doro's shoulder roughly to get up. 

Vrenna! shouted Jon.
Jon shouted for his daughter Vrenna but she was already gone. 

Everyone was applauding.
They gave a standing ovation.

The qualifications for the award were based upon demonstrated dedication to the innovative development and delivery of legal services to the poor in one of the 14 pro bono districts of Indiana.
Demonstrated dedication was the qualification the award was based on, because dedication is important to any task.

Pigs are sociable, loving, and a hell of a lot brighter than Dalmatians.
Pigs are the best animals you can take care of.

blood pressure yeah they sit there in the cafeteria sometimes and take that on your way out
They always ask people to get their blood pressure measured.

His draw was slow with his rapier in hand.
He pulled the short sword out of the sheath.

On Monday, therefore, at six o'clock, Alfred Inglethorp arranges to be seen by a number of people at a spot far removed from the village. 
No one saw Alfred Inglethorp on Monday, either inside or outside the village.

I am authorised.
i have the authority to fire you.

Highway 90 northward through the Jordan Valley leads to the lyrical shores of the Sea of Galilee, a good destination for an excursion of one or more days from Jerusalem.
The shores of the Sea of Galilee are lyrical.

besides your initial deductible that's what varies the most i guess uh
Your inicial deductible varies the most due to health issues

In contrast, physicians or nurses in a variety of primary care settings have delivered brief alcohol-focused interventions.
These interventions often are more successful than out patient rehab.

Peirce's triumph is to make these scenes at once exuberant (occasionally hilarious) and foreboding, so that all the seeds of Brandon's killing are right there on the screen.
Brandon killed 10 people.

Since then, he's been semi-retired, devoting himself to helping fellow seniors who are needy.
He devotes himself to helping seniors who do not have the money that he does.

But linking competition to state planning has expanded the impact of both of these initiatives in powerful ways that we were not able to envision in 1998.
Since state planning has been linked to competition, our employees have been happier with their jobs.

Note 3 : Here's Theroux on 
The last note includes Here's Theroux

Check with the tourist information centers for details about these and similar events at Dalemain, Holker Hall, and Muncaster Castle.
Tourist information centers can be contacted by email.

The other venerable house in the square, now a restaurant, is the Maison Kam?­mer?­zell.
The restaurant was built after the destruction of the house.

You should always pay attention to your instincts."
Your instincts are usually correct.

Semistructured approaches may be appropriate for critical instance case studies involving multiple sites, particularly if more than one investigator was responsible for collecting data for several sites.
Semistructed approaches are preferred by people of the middle class.

On April 18, 1996, the Animal and Plant Health Inspection Service (APHIS), Department of Agriculture, published in the Federal Register (61 Fed.
They published a birthday greeting to the head of the Department of Agriculture.

Bunrakias heyday was the beginning of the 18th century, when playwright Monzaemon Chikamatsu wrote works specifically for the puppets that are regarded as among the greatest achievements of Japanese literature.
Monzaemon Chikamatsu found that writing work for puppets allowed him to be creative in a different way from simple literature.

'I wouldn't suggest it if we couldn't.'
I wouldn't suggest killing him if we couldn't do it.

The only reason to release it now is political, and national security officials shouldn't play politics.
Politics are being brought into a field they don't belong because national security officials feel they have a stance in politics, which they have no place to be in.

uh anyway i love to do that and the other thing that i love is that i am a distance runner by hobby
I do marathons.

In Victoria Gardens, don't miss the stone elephant from Elephanta Island; it belongs to the Victoria and Albert Museum nearby, a reminder of the old history of Imperial Bombay.
The stone elephant was created by British artisans in Imperial Bombay.

Tax wealth more, labor less.
They would rather rest than break a sweat.

The two-story cover package credits the police.
The cover package led to high sales for this issue.

He had, in today's parlance, paid his dues.
He'd done more than enough

You have to feel sorry for Bradley.
Although he looks like he has it all, you also have to feel sorry for Bradley

Sampling frame generated from the 1980 Census 100-percent detail file.
The file showed a sharp increase in population since 1970.

There's probably zillions of planets."  
There is no way to count all the planets.

For these communities, the FCC's e-rate department recommends dial-up services like AOL that offer 800 access at a pricey 10 cents a minute premium.
The FCC only recommends the expensive dial-up services like AOL for companies who need 800 access for a higher level of internet service. 

A figure stopped at the bluff's edge leading a horse.
Someone was about to start going over the side of the bluff.

Today's implants, affixed to your jawbone by a titanium screw, can hold for the rest of your life.
The titanium screw that is used in the implant is very expensive to produce.

Tommy looked round.
Tommy was swollen from the allergic reaction and looked quite round.

and i anticipate the same thing with the Honda whenever i decide to sell it course i may never sell it
The same thing only happens with Hondas, not any other car. 

What possessed him to go posting off to London in this unaccountable way? 
Why would he have a reason to go off to London if he didn't want to tell anybody and never made it apparent that he wished to go?

On the second floor window some one standing between the window and the light in the room threw a silhouette on the blind.
There was a silhouette on the blinds of the man that was standing there.

Case studies are undertaken for their explanatory power and their superior ability to identify the reasons for problems and the nature of events.
More case studies should be examined to find further issues.

Based on consultations with our advisory group and our case study entities, we consolidated and refined the factors to those presented in this guide.
Consultation with our advisory group was a lengthy, labor-intensive process.

 Follow the main road inland past the island's lone petrol (gasoline) station (which is closed after dark! )
The gas station is closed after dark on weekdays.

You mean--?  "Take care!
Wait, are you sure you meant what you said?

Adrin beat the rain from his hat and wiped the blood from his face leaving red streaks over his eyes.
Adrin had been wounded in the head.

Corporate lawyers received brush-up training from the [City Bar], and a given firm without certain expertise felt free to call on another firm that had it.
Most of the lawyers do not agree that they are in need of Brush up training.

What was he doing to her? 
He was doing something mean to the woman.

Bracketing Best case Worst case Cluster Representative Typical Special interest
Organizing all scenarios 

It was coined almost 200 years ago (I think perhaps by David Ricardo), to describe the pre-industrial land-tenure system in Britain, wherein peasants would destructively graze their livestock on commonly held land.
It used to be illegal for livestock to graze on public land.

it's it's interesting to hear that Bush has
Bush is very interesting.

uh-oh well what about your summers in Dallas now is that similar was it humid up in the New England states like it is down there
The humidity in New England makes life uncomfortable.

The enormous mountain of salt you'll see comes from the La Mata and Torrevieja pans.
The salt from La Mata is often used as table salt.

you know the thing that that i surprised me even more you know if we got a good contest going we do manage to get fifty percent out in national elections and uh but what's even worse is the off year congressional elections uh when there's not a presidential election uh and the local election and it bothers me and i i think that's even more important to vote in those because uh oh sure and
More people vote in a presidential election than a congressional election.

In fact, at lunchtime even some Ibicencos themselves consider wine off-limits it's just too relaxing.
The Ibicencos are serious during the day.

This took place in September 1997, with the majority supporting the creation of a Scottish Parliament, although many strident nationalists thought the proposals did not go far enough.
Nationalists to this day have no intentions of ending the cause until Scotland has full independence.

Many on both sides anticipate that the Democratic primary of 2000 will be a showdown, with Dick Gephardt representing the old Dems and Al Gore standing in for the new.
They expected the new Democrats to finally dethrone the older vestiges of the party.

This expression appears occasionally throughout the history of inaugurals, but it has hit its stride in recent years.
The expression is more common the past few years because of the political climate.

The last of the zealots held out for another three years at Masada (see page 76).
As the zealots struggled to survive at Masada, they were troubled with infighting and a food shortage.

So the first choice should be read as being between the certainty of being rich and a possibility of being rich.
The first choice is the best one for the good of the people.

have you ever lived in that part of the country
Have you ever lived in Kentucky?

well i think  i think my best part actually is chipping or at least it was last year i haven't been out this year it's kind of been uh kind of strange i hadn't been able to get out yet but uh my biggest problem is staying in the fairway
Last year my strong suit was chipping, I haven't been able to golf yet this year but hope to soon.

well what's your favorite dish
I think enchiladas are your favorite dish.

Announcing any benefits changes sooner rather than later would make it easier for individuals to plan for retirement and to adjust their saving behavior accordingly.
Benefits are mostly spent on medication and housing.

Thorn was gone into the night.
Thorn left for battle into the night.

We will have Casual Fridays like all other good media companies, but that doesn't mean you should just slip back into your Office 97 jacket or that favorite Microsoft Bob T-shirt.
Casual fridays are not that casual.

'No, that's more or less all I'm going to offer you in return.'
That's all you're gonna get in exchange for the $5 bill. 

yeah and and they they need that you know to be able to relate to other people besides
They don't want you treating your coworkers and customers like babies.

I'll let you stay up to call signals from here.
You can stay up and call signals for another hour or so.

Gotta be new and winning, not like those earlier super sweet yogurts, total crap.
The fake sugar they used in the earlier yogurts made it taste badly.

BUT IF THEY KNOW THAT THE PAPERS HAVE BEEN 184 RECOVERED BY US, neither of those two girls' lives will be worth an hour's purchase.
If they know we have the papers, it will be terrible and we'll all die.

This has some very realistic audio-visual re-enactments of eruptions and earthquakes, with special stereo sound effects.
The special sound effects help emerge everyone in the fantasy.

For example, participants stated that the SEC has recently been operating on a budget of about $450 million.
Participants estimated SEC's operation costs.

As a result, some are questioning the future role of the AICPA and whether they should continue to renew their membership.
The membership of the AICPA is growing despite recent questions.

Another favorite Republican cause is the Small Business Administration, which exists to make loans to companies that banks deem nonviable.
The SBA may or may not be a favorite Republican cause as far as the actual majority opinion of all Republicans- However, this person most likely cannot know that for certain.

The privilege squabble, in fact, marks the first time the Dead President defense has failed.
This might be the end of the Dead President argument as a valid defense.

yeah i agree i agree i think it also gives a woman a chance to if she does have a job a nd a career it gives the man and the wife both a chance to both be working and maybe save up some money and then it gives her a little more option if she wants to stay home with the children while they're young
Do women stay at home with kids for a long time?

federal budget will increasingly be driven by demographic trends.
There are other trends that drive the federal budget besides demographic ones.

And suppose the total market for advertising doubled . In this highly optimistic scenario, Internet ad spending would be $400 per household.
The total market for advertising is expected to remain the same for the foreseeable future.

The market runs all the way up to Tin Hau Temple, where you will find fortune tellers' tables (some speak English) and possibly street performers singing Chinese opera or pop songs.
A little less than half of the fortune tellers' tables at Tin Hau Temple speak English.

How did you get in?
They'd gotten in through a hole in the wall that had been thought to be covered up.

This narrative (1) stated that Information is a corporate asset . . . . Information must be protected according to its sensitivity, criticality and value, regardless of the media on which it is stored, the manual or automated systems that process it, or the methods by which it is distributed, (2) outlined the responsibilities of information owners, custodians, and users, (3) defined the organization's three data classification categories, and (4) stated that each business unit should develop an information protection program to implement these policies.
Information will be stored in order of importance.

From the north-coast resort of Rodi Garganico, you can take a 90-minute boat trip during the summer months out to the pine-tree-covered Tremiti Islands.
It may take considerably longer than 90 minutes to sail to the islands depending on the weather.

It will contain whatever news scooplets, insights, and reflections Deputy Editor Jack Shafer can either solicit from Slate's staff and readers or, if necessary, download from his own head.
The stories are posted daily

Kawaguchi-ko is the most popular, probably because of the excursion boats that ply the route along the north shore, where with luck and good weather you get a perfect mirror-image reflection of Mt.
There are a lot of mountains in the area.

The hat was behind me.
The stetson lay on a table in back of me.

According to those who edited the Dictionary , Gates read entries only just before they were sent to press, then looked closely only at items within his area of expertise, such as the Harlem Renaissance and Hurston.
Gates read dictionary entries that started with "T" when they were being printed.

well the classic the other classic examples the Jehovah's Witness or or Mormons or someone knocking at the front door um which is more intrusive because i have to feel really tell someone to go away and there's that sense of i have now opened my door they now see what i look like what i live like and normally and they're doing something that normally i really only invite people to because i
I tell Mormons to go away and get off my porch.

It took two of us to stop him and he lived with a sword in his chest for much of the night.
It took two of us to slay him, and even then he persisted nearly until morning.

Suppose we say a little something down, and a fuller discussion of the matter later? Whittington gave her an ugly glance.
Whittington was not feeling especially fond of her at the moment.

Asano was ordered to commit suicide for his offense; however, Kira went free.
Asano and Kira both committed the same offense. 

Dissatisfied with the chump change earned by selling untaxed cigarettes and fireworks, the Indians have opened gambling casinos on reservations all over the state.
Tribes make a ton of money off of casinos.

in fact the news tonight they had uh someone come on a seventy three year old man they they had gotten into a housing for the elderly and and the person who perpetrated the crime went in with someone who had a relative there and uh apparently this this person was on drugs and the old man was an invalid and he was in an elevator and he died for twelve dollars
The perpetrator was on heroin

That object, it concerns Mr. Alfred Inglethorp." 93 Inglethorp was sitting a little by himself ”I think, unconsciously, every one had drawn his chair slightly away from him ”and he gave a faint start as Poirot pronounced his name. 
Everyone was in fear subconsciously at the implications of the findings.

 Twice he passed abandoned villages, but there was nothing there for him.
The villages he passed were empty because the people had all ran into hiding. 

Ramose's Tomb is also important.
His tomb is important because it holds the secret of the vampires.

Adjacent to this temple, within a cage to prevent their theft, are two images alternately described as the White Tara and the Green Tara (Buddhist deities) and as Ganga and Jamuna (Hindu deities).
The White Tara and Green Tara aren't actually white and green.

The political spin is that Bauer will be the Pat Buchanan of 2000: He lacks experience in elected office and is too conservative for most voters (he plans to make anti-abortion legislation a cornerstone of his campaign), but he will have plenty of diehard donors, volunteers, and caucus-goers from the religious right.
Bauer is running for senator. 

Tobey sketched spinach hawkers and bums at the downtown Pike Place Public Market and was sometimes mistaken for one.
Tobey wore clothes like a homeless man in order to blend in.

The festivals with greatest appeal for the kids are the famous Flower Festival, with its childrens' parade and Wall of Hope, and Carnaval.
Kids love fun and colorful stuff, and it doesn't have to cost much.

This Palladian masterpiece, however, was finished by Irishman Edward Lovett Pearce who is responsible for the colonnades and side pavilions.
Pearce spent six years finishing the masterpiece.

They caught up with me in Salvora.
I ran away to Salvora to stay safe.

Today there are more than 300,000.
300,000 people are outside protesting today.

Barring risks from unscheduled activity, you can go as far as the 600 m- (1,962 ft-) wide steaming crater.
An example of unscheduled activity at the crater would be a party

Station IX (Jesus falls a third time): Jesus's third fall under the weight of the croseis legend, and therefore the exact location is disputed.
Jesus could not carry the croseis since it was heavy.

He thought that the use of these drugs would make the population indifferent and willing to accept control by political leaders.
Certain drugs can cause people to feel a certain way about total control by their political leaders.

i guess it it might would yeah um-hum yeah well it will make it will make them taste better i'm sure
Doing it organically will make it taste better

The blancos and the nigger gangs, well, they'd kill you
They will murder you mercilessly, those groups.

The preliminary assessment is the first decision point in the assessment process, including the consideration of multiple factors, a determination of the sufficiency of the data reliability with what is known at this point, and a decision about whether further work is required.
There are an abundance of decisions about further work that need made.

Issues in Data Synthesis, eds.
The issues only arise in some situations.

Its airy arcades reach out to the 900-year-old basilica and turn a corner past the soaring brick campanile to the Piazzetta and landing stage of St. Mark's basin (il Bacino), historic gateway to the Adriatic and distant ports beyond.
St. Mark's basin has been subject to much restoration over the last 900 years.

FEMA's new, all-hazard mission takes a multifaceted, sequential approach to managing  mitigation, preparedness, response, and recovery.
FEMA deals with hazardous missions such as hurricanes and tornadoes. 

yeah and or they found that Tomczak really wasn't a he was a good backup quarterback was what he was
Tomczak never should have been a starter. 

The proposal -- complete with a line-item budget and commitments from participating experts -- is expected to reach the state Department of Health by July 8.
The Department of Health will deliberate about the $1,000,000 budget when they get it.

Since communism closed shop in Russia, all the volunteers have disappeared.
The volunteers disappeared because they were needed after communism

My superiors are prone to shifting expectations, especially when what they perceived as an exercise in style starts to have substance.'
My superiors are happier when everything is just about style.

An SAB Advisory on the Health and Ecological Effects Initial Studies of the Section 812 Prospective  Report to  Advisory by the Health and Ecological Effects Subcommittee, February.
The studies were conducted in response to environmental pollution creating adverse health effects on humans.

right you have to question you have to wonder how much tillable land they have uh being an island
I would not mind living on an island to find out.

yeah it was Twins was good too  because when i thought of that i thought of  anyway um
Twins was the best movie I saw last year.

25--to get a copy of my book legally from my Web site.
My book is free on my site.

A fine collection of medieval church artifacts and Celtic carvings can be found on the first floor.
There is a collection of artifacts from the Catholic church.

In addition to the fine paintings found elsewhere in the escorial, the new museums have been created to display the great works commissioned or collected by the Spanish monarchs.
The new museums were created to display great works collected by Spanish monarchs, but many others have found home here.

isn't it great it's just a it's just a miracle that how fast that adds up you know
It's amazing how fast loose change adds up. 

As a result, rural carrier labor cost to the Postal Service in 1989 averaged $20.
rural carrier labor cost to the Postal Service in 1999 averaged $20

You can puff yourself up with thank-you notes from a dozen organizations, or you can be truly charitable by concentrating your efforts where you believe they will do the most good.
You have never done anything of value in Africa.

The prisoner is at the bar, gentlemen." The German was seated once more behind the table.
The German was drinking a beer while sitting on behind the table.

Indeed, we leave the LSC program subject to even a greater uncertainty than the one we purport to have eliminated, since other circuits may conclude (as I do) that if the limitation upon welfare representation is unconstitutional, LSC attorneys cannot engage in welfare litigation at all.
We need to make the LSC program clearer, to prevent other circuits from thinking the attorneys can't do their job.

no that was another one yeah yeah uh well you know who i'm talking about
Not that guy, but the other one you are familiar with.

Edinburgh is the home of Scottish Rugby Union, and the stadium can be found at Murrayfield, west of the city center.
There are other rugby stadiums that are based in Edinburgh.

and um i think from there on   through the movie let's see what else did it
I think it also fell from the upper shelf.

The jagged mountain ranges and dense forests leave less than two-fifths of the country suitable for habitation and farming.
Jagged mountain ranges dominate the country, making it a poor place for farming.

Whittington was speaking.
No one could hear Whittington.

This was the first public photo studio opened in Portugal (during the 1850s), and some of the props on display are amusingly quaint.
Before that, only private photo studios existed.

Finally, the statute included the Communications Decency Act, which was struck down this week by the Supreme Court.
The Communications Decency Act, which was struck down by the Supreme Court this week but they agreed to revisit it with a few revisions.

These key characteristics can provide insights into what constitutes successful CIO organizations.
Examples of these characteristsics include: specialization, high budget, and versatile management.

If it is so, th' man who gits Kitchell may jus' rid this country of some of them two-legged wolves into th' bargain." 
The man was a professional exterminator.

Said if he made his pile, as he seemed in a fair way to do, she'd never see a cent of it.
He has made a pile before.

It's possible, of course, that the cost of losing a major class action suit or one of these state Medicaid suits was just too enormous to chance.
Losing a major class action suit would mean bankruptcy.

Peace, said San'doro.
San'doro said, "Peace" and walked away.

a time when overall agency budgets are under pressure, training budgets are unlikely to increase.
a fall in the stock market, training budgets should not go up

INCREMENTAL COST - The increase or decrease in total costs that would result from a decision to increase or decrease output level, to add a service or task, or to change any portion of operations.
Adding a service is a good idea.

He had got even with Conrad, which was one satisfaction.
He'd been waiting a long time to get back at Conrad.

In making him a pariah, the world is legitimizing men who are almost as awful.
People undeserving of fame often get it. 

Turn off on Contri Porti for others.
Contri Porti is well worth stopping and seeing.

1. What Are Key Issues in Evaluating National Saving?
When assessing national saving, are there are any issues that stand out?

Bethlehem's population, mostly Arab, is divided between Christians and Muslims, and its church towers and minarets are spread dramatically along the Judean hilltops.
There are more Christians than Muslims in Bethlehem.

A $100,000 technology grant awarded to Texas Rural Legal Aid will fund an Austin call center and connect it with centers in San Antonio and Corpus Christi to assist the poor with legal problems in a 68-county area of Southwest Texas.
The technology grant allowed them to purchase the highest quality cell phones.

He says that everything points to its being a simple case of heart failure."
His assessment that it is heart failure is incorrect

(Also in Trois- the Sugarcane Museum. )
The Sugarcane museum holds many different exhibits and items.

Our helicopter tore through sky.
The helicopter flew through the night sky. 

He watched the man pass.
The man passed by on a horse.

Jon looked at the desert ghost, unsure of the look in his eyes.
Jon thought that he might have made the ghost angry. 

I can't tell you how excited I am by it.
I have been waiting for this for a long time.

, First-Class Mail used by households to pay their bills).
Men use mail to pay bills.

For the next 400 years, English and French monarchs fought over the sovereignty of various parts of France ' among them Aquitaine, Touraine, Normandy, and Flanders.
English and French monarchs wanted power over all the land.

Anse sat crosslegged beside him, the bruise now a black shadow on his jaw.
The bruise he got from being kicked in the face appeared as a black shadow on his jaw. 

i keep meaning to do that everytime i go to a show i keep saying well i'll take them with me and let somebody look at them they just they just feel phony you know they feel like they're made of lead or something and uh they don't have any sort of it's it's got a it's got a like a picture on it
The pass I have to go to the shows don't feel real so I don't like using them.

Boaz has worked out every possible detail of his libertarian heaven in an utterly comprehensive and slightly mad way.
Before he became a libertarian, Boaz was a democratic socialist.

I'll hurry over that part.
"I'll be quick with that part so I can start the engine."

Found him crawlin' along right near town.
He had a several gold bars on his person.

Alcohol and injury, as well as brief interventions, are on the list.
The list says alcohol and injury are negatives facing staff.

yeah yeah and i think that that's the trend now i think that's the trend now and i think people are a lot more willing to give of their time
More and more Americans are volunteering their time and doing charity work. 

do they have many buildings that have security there
Do you think more security is needed? 

All of the workers
All workers are affected.

Wander around the neighborhood's back streets to admire the beautifully kept residential houses, many with elegantly carved teak window screens and doorways and handsome gold-and-black lacquered name plates.
The name plates are attractive.

Still, when problems crop up after the wedding, you can go to The Marriage Toolbox, which derides the outdated advice of yesteryear's home-economics textbooks in favor of an online journaling technique that helps you release your inner kvetch.
You can write your complaints in The Marriage Toolbox to help you cope with some issues.

you don't you don't have to put a whole lot out just if you've got a broadcast spreader
You don't have to use much of the chemical if you have a broadcast spreader.

Two of the recurring themes of Scottish history are minors inheriting the throne and divided loyalties.
Because minors have inherited the throne often enough throughout Scottish history, Scottish people are used to it by now.

Monetary union and relaxed fiscal policy are sparking the boom.
The policies allowed more growth for small businesses.

Other Executive Orders and Statutes
The executive orders were made recently.

The rule imposes information collection requirements in the registration process, in the preparation and submission of the risk management plans, and in the maintenance of on-site documentation.
The rules cover registration, preparation of risk management plans and maintenance of documentation of the last year on site. 

And who is Dr. Bauerstein?"
No one knows who Dr. Bauerstein is.  

He swore as something wet and slimy that looked like seaweed plopped into his hand.
It was actually seaweed that had somehow gotten stuck in the engine.

If the method is highly susceptible to this kind of internal change, the appropriate scope for case studies should be examined.
If the method is susceptible to massive internal change, the scope of case studies should be looked at.

We were there."
We were there but forgot all about it.

Presently Mrs. Inglethorp turned to give some instructions about letters to Evelyn Howard, and her husband addressed me in his painstaking voice: "Is soldiering your regular profession, Mr. Hastings?"
Mrs. Inglethorp wasn't married.

The Socialist Workers' Party of Felipe Gonz?¡lez M?¡rquez was elected in 1982 and his government committed itself to Spain's integration into the European Union (formerly the European Community).
Spain's integration into the European Union was a very slow and arduous process.

A bit of column embedded in a wall is now marked as Station IX, though it is of less interest than the convent itself.
A huge column was put in the wall of the convent but more people still prefer the convent.

And I've never looked lovelier.
I have never looked lovelier than when I am in leather.

yeah well it's it's so interesting i just i just don't think Mexico's problems are going to be cured by semantics
Semantics can be surprisingly useful but debating them won't help Mexico. 

how do you feel about it do you do you think there should be capital punishment
Do you agree with capital punishment for murder?

The relationship it describes may strike many as exploitative or ugly for other reasons, but it is not illegal.
The relationship is morally questionable.

When I interviewed Klein for my piece about the Microsoft case, he singled out Brian Arthur as the economist who has most influenced his thinking about the way in which high-technology markets operate.
Klein has spoken a lot about high-technology markets, influenced by Brian Arthur. 

The NRCS economic analysis is discussed in the preamble to the final rule.
The NRCS analysis takes up two pages in the final rule.

This museum of ancient art focuses on Buddhist statues and sculptural styles from around 600 through the Middle Ages.
The Buddhist statues attract many American tourists.

Posters, portraits, easel-sketches.
The room was filled with prints, posters and paintings.

Her prose does not race; it hovers, insinuating its way in and around timeless mysteries, says Time . Both novels, however, are said to be excessively self-conscious.
Her prose is typically subtle and unhurried. You will also see that she writes with an extreme self-concious style. 

The huge royal palace of Fontainebleau is an elegant monument to the Renaissance tastes of Francois I and Henri IV, although subsequent monarchs added on and generally refurbished.
It was Francois I's idea to construct Fontainebleau.

boy i tell you i just got my car back from a dealer and when it was in there i had them just go ahead and change the oil and filter thirty four dollars
The price has gone down since the last oil change I had.

uh-huh it kind of  kind of down played compared to what you'd like huh do you find yourself um
do you find yourself letting this have a big impact on your life

National promotion and disease prevention objectives.
National promotion is usually the most effective means of achieving disease prevention objectives.

I must say I think you might have given me a hint. 138 "Perhaps, mon ami, I did not do so, just because he was your old friend." I was rather disconcerted by this, remembering how I had busily passed on to John what I believed to be Poirot's views concerning Bauerstein. 
Poirot thought that Bauerstein had no role in the crime.

say it's between four hundred and six hundred you might have to do it depending how many people are in your class and you know like you the they right
Class sizes usually range between four and six hundred.

West of the railway station and within view is the Masjid Negara (National Mosque), a vast, modern complex covering over 5 hectares (13 acres).
You can visit the Masjid Negara or the National Mosque just west of the railway station.

uh you know i i mean that's my own observation anyway
That is my own observation, but I think it is correct. 

Remnants of a medieval kastro and a fine archaeological museum housed in a mosque are two of the highlights.
The medieval kastro and archaeological museum are the most important reasons to visit.

The system was developed by the Legal Aid Society of Orange County with about $800,000 in grants.
The system created was successful.

It still has an immensely impressive ninth-century-b.c.
Fortunately, it still carries an immensely impressive 9th-century b.c.

Beautiful private villas and a small number of fine resort hotels sit proudly on the headlands or nestle in the small bays.
Some of the wealthiest people reside in the headlands or in the small bays.

i don't i don't have an answer for the local elections and why you have ten percent of the people voting that's really so low i'm amazed
I thought maybe 50 percent of people voted.

5. Research studies of cost-effectiveness are needed to convince physicians and administrators that having staff available to address alcohol problems is an integral component of the practice of medicine and part of their mission.
Alcohol problems are a widespread issue for physicians.

 Past the small coves north of Sant Antoni, the rest of the coastal circle is something of a no-man's land of relatively fierce seas and cruel rocks.
The rocks are cruel.

They point out that State has an established field structure and that it may be impractical to create a similar field structure in the proposed department.
To them, State has an established field structure, said the teacher.

Not even a cover rave in Time for Eyes Wide Shut --a Warner Bros. release--could turn that plodding movie into a hit.
This is because people only watched it to see Nicole Kidman nude.

In 1922 the League of Nations granted the British a mandate to administer Palestine.
Other countries attempted to get a mandate to administer Palestine.

and one of the things the questions the other day uh this last paper and i haven't seen the results of it i'm anxious to was do you think that um capital punishment ought to apply to drug dealers
Yes, all drug dealers must die for the terrible things they do.

Tunnels collapse.
Tunnels collapse due to heavy rain.

on your on your taxes yeah that's really about it it's uh have you ever owned your own home
Did you used to rent an apartment and now you own your own home?

really started going about seventeen he's seventeen now he was he was fifteen then but uh i've got a son son and both daughters like to go and uh they have got a a dock down in the protected area
My kids need to be aware of and alert to the presence of alligators in those waters.

It wouldn't work.
It was too difficult.

He felt convinced that their quest was going to be unsuccessful.
He felt convinced that their quest for more money was going to be unsuccessful.

found an outfit down here to rebuild it and uh i reinstalled that and that was probably one of the most miserable things i had gotten into in a long time
I should have also found an outfit to do the reinstallation.

Although the term is normally used in connection with taxes, as used in this Statement assessments also include determinations of amounts due for any other kind of nonexchange revenue.
Fines and penalties are other types of nonexchange revenue that can be collected.

Plano oh yeah i'm out in Rowlett and we have that brown clay soil  and it's real hard to grow anything here
I've managed to grow three things in Rowlett.

yeah it does basically though the the golf season only shuts down for maybe three months out of the year if that much you know probably not even that much because really
The golf course is only closed during winter seasons.

What if the stock market is too high?
What if the stock market is too high and continues to grow?

S. at some time during the course of representation.
It happened at the beginning. 

Either way, it was his editorial policy that the essential thing about smoking was not selling a toxic product that kills half a million people a year; it was freedom of choice.
People prefer choices and to not have the government restrict it.

The old and new Rouen come together around the bright and airy market halls and the attractive modern Eglise Sainte-Jeanne-d'Arc.
The modern church named after Joan of Arc is close to the beach.

According to Department of Transportation officials, the certification and statement were not separately provided to the SBA Chief Counsel for Advocacy.
The SBA Chief Counsel for Advocacy did not accept the statement.

helps yeah
It is the most helpful.

CBO  An Economic Model for Long-Run Budget Simulations.
CBO budget simulations do not work. 

certainly a a supplemental way uh and i suppose if but maybe in in your instance if if you're started with TI in your early to mid twenties and happen to stay with them until you're sixty five then you'll have a very good retirement plan
Your TI retirement plan over 40 years might depend on the economy over the same period.

All of the organizations agreed that trust had to be built over time and through personal relationships, and they had taken various steps to facilitate the process, such as the 
The organizations first steps were very successful.

yeah well i mean i don't mean to well i guess i do in a way sometimes i think a religion has a lot to do with that i think that that uh because of those countries countries a lot you know where such Catholic influence and i think the Catholic religion itself was was such a dominant factor as far as keeping the people down so to speak
I think other religions may also have been complicit in holding people back.

yeah and so i've uh prior to that i uh i worked in a food store
I loved eating everything in the food store.

and she begins ashoving on of her hat in front of the glass, and she was down in two ticks, almost as quick as I was, and I seed her going down the steps and into the taxi, and I heard her call out what I told you." The small boy stopped and replenished his lungs.
The small boy heard her call out that she would never return here again, as she steps into the taxi.

When his family fell on hard times, Degas blamed it on the Jews.
Degas was a racist idiot. 

See that you do not fail us!"  He waved dismissal and Ser Perth led Dave and Nema out.
Ser Perth escorted Nema and Dave out through a side door.

Greyhound racing is on at Shelbourne Park, Ringsend, and at Harold's Cross Stadium.
Greyhound racing only ever takes place in three specific venues. 

  ordinary shoes for both men and women can be quite cheap, but anything stylish is likely to cost as much as at home.
Dolce and Gabbana shoes are much more expensive than Gucci shoes. 

The brown man was covered in blood.
The man with brown skin had just gutted a deer. 

The resource titles listed below are abbreviated.
The resource titles were shortened the save space. 

He watched Ca'daan, perhaps gauging his reaction.
Ca'daan was reacting to the horrible conditions.

perform their work in this manner and comply with GAGAS in reporting the results, their work can lead to improved government management, decision-making, and oversight, and can assist in fulfilling the government's duty to be accountable to the public.
Their work can lead to improved government management of how to spend their time

It more clearly conveys our role and the expectations of our clients in the Congress, the press, and the public.
Our clients expect a Christmas party be provided for them every year.

Since then, she has earned promotions from managing attorney, senior attorney, then director of the Council on Aging project.
In the last 10 years she has had career success and moved up the ladder steadily.

The Duce's motto of  Better to live one day as a lion than 100 years as a sheep  contrasted with the one he gave the   Believe, obey, fight.  
The motto was meant to inspire others.

They're not, said Susan.
Susan said they're not coming to kill us.

The Industrialist tried.
The Industrialist tried to remove the chairs.

The stamps at the various numbered stations throughout the complex are particularly elegant and make a fine and unusual souvenir of your visit.
The stamps make a fine souvenir, because they are very unique.

Lighter, lighter...Unfortunately, we do not carry this product.
The convenience store does not carry lighters.

For guidance on deferred maintenance reporting, see the Deferred Maintenance standard Accounting for Property, Plant, and Equipment, SFFAS  
Deferred maintenance reporting can be read at Deferred Maintenance standard Accounting for Property, Plant, and Equipment, SFFAS, but it is rather dry reading.

ENJOY EVERY MOMENT, A CHANCE THAT SHE WILL NEVER HAVE.
She will never get to enjoy the moment because she has no legs.

You'll see plenty of soap and shampoo and, on the Dhobi Ghat, laundry-washing, too.
The Dhobi Ghat is a great place to do laundry.

Most people do. 
The majority do like it better. 

General aviation isn't a hobby
General aviation is a difficult discipline to master 

The brown man both fought and instructed as well as Jon so Jon simply watched the exchange.
The brown man was from India.

Donation of property, plant, and  types that are expensed.
Donations are expensed differently depending on their value.

i think one of the most interesting things about the possibility of uh attaining a fifty first state is what would we do about our flag how do you arrange fifty one stars
Adding another star to our flag would call for a major redesign. 

Instead, courts give the financially dependent spouse maintenance payments, which provide support while she or he gains a footing in the work force.
The courts tend to order financial support to a spouse who was financially dependent on the other. They order payments for a certain period of time.

A permanent independent prosecutor's office could be held more easily to reasonable financial and procedural guidelines.
If the prosecutor's office was temporary, it would be difficult to hold them to a high standard.

Yet he could only evade, not lie directly.
It was difficult to be vague enough but not lie. 

yeah family well well that's what i meant by salt that we we did that like as a family little ornaments and things like that and just kind of really got into it like during the Christmas season making them up for other people and things like that but
We the kids were little, we made handmade gift for family and friends.

If you take an evening tour, be prepared!
The evening tour is when it is most dangerous to pickpockets.

  The results for fine particle concentrations, visibility, sulfur deposition, and nitrogen deposition are based on the Regional Modeling System for Aerosols and Deposition (REMSAD).
The system was near perfect with it's predictions.

Blum masterfully explains why the effects of hormones are more complicated than pop science would have us think.
Pop science intentionally simplifies any material on hormones.

this is true that's funny that's funny
The joke you told is funny.

But Slate's editors and staff will be spending the week in various mountain retreats, perfecting the spiritual arts of transcendental meditation and HTML coding.
Slate's editors will help each other become better coders.

Eventually, a theme park was born.
The theme park was based around religious imagery.

Recently my wife wrote to you concerning my . Your answer was  It's unsafe
The answer says it is a very unsafe approach.

yeah but i agree too with what everything you said but i think the two go and then you put those two things together and you're going to have you know no one going to vote but then um i don't know disillusion what's the solution
I agree that no one will vote on this amendment.

What's the melting point of this sky material?  He never did manage to make Sather Garm understand what a melting point was.
Sather could not understand what a melting point is because he is stupid.

1 ranking in the Forbes 400.
Bill Gates holds the 1 ranking in the Forbes 400.

Along the foot of Mt. Wakakusa is the Kasuga Grand Shrine, established to house the Shinto deities of the powerful Fujiwara family.
The shrine is a popular tourist attraction.

Hullo, Evie, here's our wounded hero! 
The injury had not slowed Evie down.

Such a rating system provides not only a measure of performance and awareness, but it also places primary responsibility for information security with the managers whose operations depend on it.
This rating system offers a considerable improvement over the previous system.

Various studies have shown how the ratio of executive compensation to average employee compensation has risen to levels of irrationality and levels that far exceed those of other major industrialized nations.
The ratio of executive compensation to employee compensation makes workers upset.

he keeps the one with the least amount of the uh uh what you call it yeah no the uh
He keeps more than one.

The exit from the Harem opens into the Third Court, otherwise reached through the Gate of the White Eunuchs.
The exit from the Harem was to the north and the Gate of the White Eunuchs to the south.

They are not otherwise related to the entity's cost and therefore are not an offset to its gross cost in determining its net cost of operations.
They have no relationship with the entity's cost.

she's uh four months right now
That pretty young.

but uh yeah they they really i think they hurt the sport this year with all that controversy over that locker room incident with uh with uh all that the reporter and stuff and
If the reporters hadn't been there, the incident would not have taken place.

Bill and Hillary Clinton are on the campaign trail, accusing Republicans of substituting partisan impeachment proceedings for legislation to address the nation's ills.
Bill Clinton is running for president.

Jon had taken Vrenna's amazing diversion to reload his pistols.
Vrenna distracted them by taking off her shirt. 

to provide the context for the overall message and to help the reader understand the significance of the issues discussed.
It provides the context for the message of unity.

Station X (Jesus is stripped): After entering the church, turn right and climb the narrow staircase.
You can get to the worst station Jesus endured by climbing the narrow station inside the church.

oh yeah you could almost label everything quality in some sense or other but i think sometimes the word is a little over used but
The word 'quality' is used by marketers everyday.

The world's oldest rainforests engulf low but steeply rising mountain chains that cross the peninsula from east to west like ribs, with one long north south Main Range as their backbone.
The Amazon is the world's most expansive and oldest rainforest, covering dozens of mountains across South America.

i've no i've i've been out for years  uh i didn't think it was on anymore um but
I can't believe that it's still on.

The mouth of the Golden Horn is spanned by the busy Galata Bridge.
The Galata Bridge is the busiest bridge in the world.

Validity (as used here) refers to whether the data actually represent what you think is being measured.
The data is regarding population density in urban areas.

and they're they're good they're they're i like news shows too like uh Sixty Minutes or Twenty Twenty
I always have my TV tuned in to Sixty Minutes every night.

let's see my mother-in-law lives uh not too far from here so she helps with our son's clothes when she can
She's a great mother, glad we got to know her.

depends on how much power you have and who you know
I recommend inviting some of the interested parties to a luncheon.

But if you're not watching close ly, you may miss the unprepossessing bust of Christopher Columbus perched atop a column in a little roadside square.
The bust of Christopher Columbus is only about eight inches high.

Although the NIPA federal surplus or deficit is arithmetically similar to the federal unified budget surplus or deficit, there are some conceptual differences.
The NIPA federal surplus is more commonly used by authorities.

Most race fans, though--real ones, not Stevenson's cartoonish inventions--react to the wrecks for different reasons.
Most race fans have negative reactions to wrecks for different reasons.

uh i think it's going to we were a little worried there was a lot of background noise on it but uh we can hook it into our uh stereo system after we get the pictures all done
There was still some background noise that we could hear on it.

and i think you all were about a mile and a half deep in ice
You were in a dangerous location that far out on the ice.  

but we could do that that'll help
I am sure they would appreciate our assistance.

There, by happy coincidence, the two alpha males (Kerchak the bull ape and the evil English hunter) are gone, clearing the way for the utopia of beta males and females.
One or two of the beta males will graduate to alpha males.

Nicolas Guillen, the nation's finest poet, described the island as a long green alligator. 
Nicolas Guillen, the nation's finest poet, described the island as a long green alligator but this description is seen as wrong.

One of them Belgies from the village?"
I think it's possible the man was from the village.

A few men were just planning to leave, and they looked at Dave suspiciously, but made no protest.
The men about to leave looked at Dave like they wanted to start a fight, but decided not to.

The whole town really did turn out to party.
The party lasted all night with everyone there.

Grey scree slopes dominate both sides of the pass, which only sheep seem to be able to move acrosewith ease.
Sheep are known for their agility and flexibility. 

English is spoken in hotels and tourist destinations.
English is the most spoken language in the hotels and tourist destinations.

He noted that this rock-hewn cave matched very well the description of Jesus's tomb; a skull-like hill nearby strengthened Gordon's belief in its authenticity.
Many scholars contest this interpretation since there are many other potential sites.

it's just that you know people people take advantage take advantage of that you know like the the companies were saying we're trying not to raise our prices but when you know when we get a barrel coming in at more than what we're selling it for we've got to raise our prices
We didn't want to raise our prices but to stay in business we have to.

Later this year, the Foundation will initiate a study to evaluate the most effective way in which pro bono can be encouraged and supported.
 the Foundation will initiate a study to evaluate the most effective way in which chicken can be cooked

Hospitals could hire physician assistants to handle calls that don't require doctors, but that's expensive.
It would certainly be costly to hire physicians assistants, but it could fit in the budget if the government cut some other parts of the funding for the hospital.

As an intellectual, Monica may be a few boutiques short of a mall.
Monica needs just three more boutiques to start a mall.

Indicators of success -- Our senior management includes more women, gays, lesbians, people of color, older people and people with disabilities.
There are no younger people in senior management.

And denying women emergency contraception.
A new law removing access to emergency contraception for women. 

She was not like 800 interns, Davis said.
She outperformed 800 interns. 

The subclasses of mail that exist today are based in considerable degree on content.
Mail is a big set of 21 sub classes.

'But since Boston's still essentially underwater and Philadelphia is...well, Philadelphia...we thought we'd go somewhere calmer.
We were afraid of Philadelphia and wanted to go somewhere else.

It should be possible to complete a project in less than 4 months from receipt of order.
This is the most extensive project of its type.

The Washington Post says Clinton's foreign travels will distract attention from the scandal.
The washington post says that everybody will forget about Clintons scandal

The victims over 30,000 included most of Martinique's social and managerial elite.
There were 30,000 victims that were killed.

If you visit Parosen July or August, be sure to take a trip to Petaloudes or the Valley of the Butterflies south of Parikia, a breeding ground for giant tiger moths.
The summer months in Parosen are very hot.

so so that one was all right and then what else i had i think i had some other uh like staying in shape or working out this other guy i got this guy from New York so
My number 1 New Year's resolution is to work out.

Therefore, 21 months appears to be somewhat conservative.
21 months is a conservative guess for how long the build will take.

Officials from this organization described a situation in which a company had notified them of a newly identified vulnerability.
There was a new vulnerability.

Their curiosity pushed them to build vessels that were strong enough to ford the open seas and reach these islands, marking the start of the long legacy of Mediterranean seafaring.
They were curious about the vessels that would help them travel around the world.

They continued to eat as he came closer.
They ate fried chicken.

Brodkey underplays the untying of an old psychological knot when he reveals details of his childhood.
Brodkey's childhood was very traumatizing, which may explain why he tried to keep it in the hush.

South of Gezira is Roda Island, home to Manial Palace, now converted into an art gallery.
Roda Island has a famous art gallery full of Picassos.

that's sad
Let me know if I can help.

At Benasau, the Sella road meets the C-3313.
The C-3313 goes through Benasau and it is a major thoroughfare.

Though their economic well-being is about the most precarious of any part of France, these basically agricultural islands can and do provide the scenery, the sun, the sea, and the sand in sufficient quantity to attract rapidly growing numbers of vacationers looking for fun, relaxation, and.
The islands have a lot of good scenery like the sloping mountains and crystal clear water.

And she might not care, be hurt but not surprised, or be deeply hurt and surprised.
She is going to be hurt and surprised.

yeah or they can't yeah they just can't
Yeah, they can't take away your rights

A positive profile of presidential son/Texas Gov.
The presidential son is also the governor of Texas.

So many people were involved in this process.
About ten thousand people were involved in this process.

Post-war politics brought a new set of problems.
Post-war politics brought more problems to the empire.

No matter how hard I try, I feel that I say the wrong thing or something inappropriate.
I don't want to talk anymore.

What sports!
I don't even like sports!

Readiness to change may or may not be related to problem severity.
Chances are greater that readiness to change is not related to problem severity.

The rue des Francs-Bourgeois ends at what most agree is the loveliest residential square in Paris, place des Vosges.
The place des Vosges used to be the worst place to live in Paris.

Of the arrest?
Yes that criminal.

A draft summary of the Health Security Act, released in September of 1993, contained a chart showing projected growth for Medicare slowing to less than 6 percent by 1997, and less than 5 percent by 1999.
Medicare's overall growth did indeed slow to less than 6 percent by 1997, and less than 5 percent by 1999. 

 Revision of Fee Schedules; 100% Fee Recovery, FY 1966
100% of fees were recovered by the IRS.

As long as your Lojack reduces the number of insurance claims, the company should be willing to pay you to install it.
Your Lojack is almost guaranteed to reduce the number of insurance claims.

Volcanoes, hummingbirds, mangroves, mongooses, and palm trees complete the picture.
This image was taken in Madagascar 

the the black guy that
I was sure it was the African American's birthday.

We don't want to shoot him, but it may be necessary.
We may have to shoot him because he will not stop talking.

Aldrin's ShareSpace company hopes to use jumbo-jet-style spacecraft to bring tourists to orbiting space hotels.
All of ShareSpace's operations will be run from a base of operations in Florida.

Rural costs were 20 percent of total delivery costs.
The rural costs were a small part of delivery costs in Texas.

but there's i think there's a there's a big difference between use and abuse and i do do agree that drug abuse should be punished but if somebody's going to in their own home on their own time in such a way that doesn't interfere interfere with their responsibilities you know do it do some drugs then that should be their business
If someone is able to keep their addiction at home and have good performance at work, then who cares?

The wise course for Republicans might be to accept a plea bargain under which neither Clinton's behavior nor Starr's will be further investigated with regard to the Lewinsky matter.
Republicans are also able to try other tasks

I wonder   An idea was dawning in her brain.
It had taken weeks to get to this point.

Impeachment, once taboo, now seems like a legitimate weapon, a way to settle the score.
Impeachment can be a good way to make things even, depending when it's done.

so that's quite uh handy for our our youngsters we can take them up and
The youngsters will be grateful for help.

yeah yeah they have a state income tax in Maryland but i noticed when i was in the in the in Texas they didn't have a state income tax but they sure nailed you on those darn county taxes and school taxes and property taxes
I moved to Texas to get away from state income tax.

yeah when when i was a kid we used to collect newspapers and bring them to a recycle thing we got like a penny a pound for them
A pound of newspaper came out to about twenty newspapers.

Proving The Bell Curve 's thesis would require proving that success increasingly correlates with IQ in areas of life where mental tests are not the explicit gatekeepers.
Mental tasks include moving objects around a table.

In the Rio Grande Valley, Hall's attorneys set up separate groups to assist small-business owners and residents with low-interest loans and legal representation.
Hall has attorneys willing to help residents and small business owners.

On Wednesday, April 30, police in Pecos, 80 miles from Ft.
Pecos police found drugs from Ft.

and uh oh anytime we can find those my parents just scoop up on those because they are so good for fishing
They're really cheap, too.

young man who uh who's a family they go to our church and it's the son and so on and he was friends with my children
My kids really enjoy going to church. 

Finally, we compare actual unit revenues, and some derived unit costs, for the seven posts with the model's prediction of unit costs.
We compared all seven products to see which was the most cost effective.

It seemed to be the middle of the night when I was awakened by Lawrence Cavendish. 
Lawrence needed to speak with her. 

In 2000, IOLTA collected $16.
The money IOLTA collected was donated.

What did they think? Susan seemed to think before answering.
Susan wondered what they thought about the upcoming election.

For more information on the criteria we used to select these organizations, see appendix I. As federal agencies continue to improve their management and financial accountability, they will be able to draw upon the expertise and experience of these private sector and state government organizations.
Appendix I is the most comprehensive compilation of its nature.

A DOT official said that the Department permits the public to submit comments electronically on all of its proposed rules.
A DOT official did not say whether or not the electronic comments left by the public are considered before a proposed rule is voted upon.

The red macroalga, Champia parvula, test is acceptable if survival is 100 percent, and the mean number of cystocarps per plant should equal or exceed 10.
The test usually results in 100% survival and is thus usually acceptable.

A further exotic touch is added by the Muslim ladies just inside the gate, selling brightly coloured cloth and clothes, alongside street vendors selling fruits, bread, and other wares.
You can also buy spices from the vendors just inside the gate. 

Wolfe reminds us that for the Democrats, taking back the middle doesn't have to mean craven opportunism or a betrayal of its beliefs.
Wolfe says the Democrats can take the middle back without giving up their beliefs on welfare and abortion.

Dave Hanson, to whom nothing is impossible, he said.
He said nothing was Impossible to the great gentleman Dave Hanson.

It's owing to him that we've ferreted you out at last.
He helped us finally find you.

All in good time.
Eventually if you're a good boy.

You'll find your experience with the newspapers less frustrating if you accept the idea that the reporter is there to tell not your story but his or hers.
Reporters don't care about the opinions of their readers. 

yeah uh according to uh to the way that that our test is set up apparently everyone is supposed to be tested within a five year period
The parameters of the test can be changed to a different frequency.

so i don't think there's ever been a war that's been so thoroughly covered by the news
The news media should report on every war just as thoroughly.

I can't, gasped Tuppence.
I have tried again, I just can't, gasped Tuppence.

It can be seen that time per box drops off sharply at the low end of the density spectrum and then it flattens.
Time per box drops off with lower density because the boxes become smaller.

There's nothing funny about a proposal."
Proposals are very serious events.

So I screamed out that he was escaping, and I said I wanted to go back to Marguerite.
His escape was marked by a scream.

However, experience has indicated that project planning can surmount even difficult situations (e.g.
Difficult situations make project planning difficult but not impossible.

well i have i'm really torn on the subject i'm not a good candidate for this one i see what you see and i agree with you
You can see the same things as I do, so you agree with me.  

This must change and under the recent Sarbanes-Oxley accounting reform legislation, some related changes will be required.
There needs to be changes made to the regulation, as it is now pretty outdated.

Specifically, these organizations bring in employees with desirable skills from across the enterprise to work in conjunction with IT professionals, thereby maximizing the capability of their technical resources.
Desirable skills can be acquired in school or through self training.

Starr's investigation of whether Clinton covered up an affair with Lewinsky arose in the context of the depositions both gave in the Jones case.
Clinton covered up the affair.

it's humid
It's muggy. 

Whales are still sighted here, but not frequently.
The whales ultimately changed their migration patterns.

The most popular one is Big Bear, which has numerous ski lifts and a large snow-making operation.
It is the most popular location among resorts of its type.

Between you and me, sir, remarked Japp, "I'd sooner have any amount of rumours than be arrested for murder. 
Getting arrested for murder would show up on his record forever.

The workers' rights center is the second created by Neighborhood Legal Services.
The workers' rights center was created to give workers legal protection.

you you either have the person who who is uh the type of individual who can work for a large corporation that can afford to pay them you know let them go
You can't always afford to pay everyone. 

Nor has the fun we all had sneering at England's squandering its North Sea oil windfall in the '70s and '80s kept the Republican Party from proposing to give away the budget surplus to their rich constituents.
England may have been in favor of the president of the Republican party. 

For the moment, however, the fix is in for the consumer.
For the moment, the fix is in for the consumer but that will change quickly.

Go back up to the main promenade road, turn left, and you will find two more sites associated with Jesus.
These two sites mark other places where Jesus himself walked.

Anyway, it was a gay house, always visitors.
It had visitors from London.

In an attestation engagement, auditors issue an examination, a review, or an agreed-upon procedures report on subject matter, or on an assertion about the subject matter, that is the responsibility of another party.
The procedures report is agreed upon by 20 to 25 members.

You'll find fossils of fish and other marine creatures that were deposited in sediment millions of years ago, when this area lay on the ocean floor.
You can find really large fossils of ocean creatures here. 

This joint effort contributed to a significant decline in the reported towing industry fatality  from 91 per 100,000 industry employees in 1990 to 27 per 100,000 in 1995.
The joint effort to increase driver safety contributed to the decline in deaths within the industry. 

Leave the car behind and take the Porte de la Chapelle line on the m??tro from Concorde to Abbesses.
The metro is the fastest way to get from Concorde to Abbesses.

The second was in the combination of case study methods with other methods, particularly surveys, in order to achieve the generalizability that evaluators called external validity.
The case study methods were combined with other methods to make the study as valid as possible.

What does an Applied Fundamentals Division do? I don't really know- no one does.
I don't know what an Applied Fundamentals Division does for businesses.

The largest of the three, the Great Pyramid of Cheops is the only survivor of the Seven Wonders of the World described by Greek and Roman scholars.
Greek and Roman scholars exaggerated when describing the Seven Wonders of the World.

Now you jus' walk yourself outta here on th' bounce.
Walk your butt out of here very quickly before we kill you dog.

Reassuring Unlike Martinique, Guadeloupe has no poisonous snakes or other harmful animals.
The native Guadeloupeans eradicated all harmful species long ago.

ah sounds familiar
It's hard to recall where I heard something similar. 

When the client returned to the United States, the administrative burdens to resume representation would once again have to be undertaken.
The client spent over two months outside the United States.

We conducted our fieldwork from May 2000 through March 2001.
We had enough funding for the field work we conducted.

so it's all about you say it is all voluntary do they
It is always all about you.

well i think the Phillies picked up some good players in the free agent market didn't they
I think with all the options of players, the ones the Phillies picked were great choices.

Alexander Cockburn once imagined this MacNeil/Lehrer  And now, for another view of Hitler ...
Cockburn's book showed another view of Hitler.

i'm not sure um what exactly is wrong with her um up until nineteen eighty two uh actually i'm sorry not until yeah i guess it was around eighty two eighty three i found out i had a grandmother
I only found out that I had a grandmother because I asked enough family members. 

This research is crucial as the field progresses from evaluating efficacy in research settings to examining effectiveness in the current, complex health care delivery system.
This research is crucial as the poor African children still have little to no access of water

The Washington-based Legal Services Corp. wants the buildings transferred to the S.C.
The Legal Services Corp in Washington wants all buildings older than 30 years to be transferred to the S.C. 

Yet gambling is only half the story.
Gambling is only part of the reason the men are so poor.

I know that.
I know, I just learned that yesterday.

We can't decide whether to tell our friends about the error.
Our friends would be upset if we told them about the mistake.

Tommy gave a faint whoop of relief.
Tommy was relieved and was able to relax.

just hadn't heard much about them lately
They are keeping to themselves.

Susan Molinari used this figure in her Republican Convention keynote address to illustrate the burden of Clinton's tax increase.
This figure has been used in Susan Molinari's Republican Convention keynote address, but had no success.

Outside, cops scurried.
The cops were hurrying around looking for the man. 

Even with the guidance provided by OMB for establishing the new information technology management leadership positions, agencies face distinct challenges in effectively positioning federal CIOs and supporting organizations to ensure that information management adds value in their business/mission performance .4 CIOs in the federal sector face structural and cultural hurdles generally not found elsewhere.
The cultural and structural hurdles are due to growing diversity. 

Some offsetting collections are credited directly to appropriation or fund accounts; others, called offsetting receipts, are credited to receipt accounts.
Offsetting receipt amounts typically exceed the appropriation and fund account amounts.

they do and they're anxious for us to be able to hold it but i these just aren't going to be as tame as the book i got a book first
This book will definitely be good. 

 Sea angling is permitted year rou nd, but river fishing requires a license.
River fishing is only permitted at certain times of the year. 

Over the years these bags have proved so handy that to keep up with demand the local supply of genuine handmade bags has been augmented with imported goods.
The handmade bags are made out of locally grown materials.

As previously mentioned, the e-rate discount won't cover any portion of the hardware bill either, leaving the local community responsible for PCs, modems, and training for teachers and supervisors.
The e-rate discount only covers the software side of purchases.

yeah well yeah i like them i i have to admit i do like my credit cards uh i love it when he decides to go in a store and buy something for me
I like when we go shopping together.

We're adding new diagnostic procedures each day.
We are using new diagnostic procedures each day that are safer.

No one individual should control all key aspects of a transaction or event.
Transactions should be varied in response 

WINZ's monitoring of its payment accuracy is discussed further in the case illustration on the following page.
Page number 34 contains WINZ's monitoring information also.

We were friends.
We were best friends.

Every scene is weighted, emotionally significant, resplendent with the thick texture of feeling and history, writes New York 's Denby.
The climax of the book brought out the most emotions of the readers

From here it is a steep journey up to the village of Olimbos, which still holds fast to its traditional way of life.
Goats, sheep, and chickens can be seen circling the narrow square of Olimbos.

Accordingly, he wished them goodbye, and they left the hotel.
Accordingly, he hugged them and led the out of the hotel.

Witness the new anti-sweatshop consortium, featuring Nike, Liz Claiborne, Kathie Lee Gifford, et.
There are many witnesses present at the anti-sweatshop consortium.

She was given to changing her 55 mind as to her testamentary dispositions, now benefiting one, now another member of her family.
She tended to change her mind when confronted.

The model rules explicitly reject virtually everything Feige said in his Gist piece.
The Gist piece is a body of written work.

Alternatively, it can be considered a lower bound on the stand-alone cost of city delivery.
The stand alone cost of city delivery is lower bound.

The Mus??e du Docteur-Faure (Villa des Chimyres, Boulevard des Cetes) contains some Rodin bronzes and watercolors, and works by Degas, Sisley, Corot, and C??zanne.
The area is known for its history of art.

He pointed into the smithy.
He pointed at the man in the smithy. 

Oh yes, I'd like a lighter, please.
Can I have a cigarette and a lighter.

He looked over at Susan.
He looked over at the woman who was sharpening a sword.

But after so many years closed off from the rest of Europe, of equal significance was the injection of foreign influences into Franco's once hermetically sealed Spain.
However the 20 years isolated from the rest of Europe.

I make that to be about 11 percent.
11 percent of each human being is made up on fats.

A more plausible story is that bicycle shoppers like to visit fancy showrooms with knowledgeable sales staffs but then buy from discounters.
Bicycle shoppers prefer to save money when they buy from discounters.

Adrin's own off-hand dagger came up, the tip and guard catching Jon's blade.
Jon and Adrin were taking an acting class and learning how to fight onstage. 

so that's scary
I am afraid of it.

To combat highway congestion and pollution, L.A. is now building a much-needed light rail network.
The light rail network that L.A. is building has been pushed for by residents for many years.

of course it's real hot here too you know
It is really hot during both summer and winter here.

His hometown was Ornans.
He still lives in Ornans to this day.

Meanwhile, the Capitol is up for sale.
The Capitol building is for sale for ten million dollars.

The vast grounds have been turned into a leisure park (open summer only) which has more than forty attractions.
The leisure park is only open in the summer because the temperatures are too cold any other time.

I have thought of something 
My idea will make things easier

We anticipate this revision of the standards, when finalized, will become effective for financial audits of periods ending on or after January 1, 2003, and for attestation engagements and performance audits beginning on or after January 1, 2003.
These rules are a sharp departure from earlier versions.

The first prong would represent basic reporting applicable to all public companies.
It is vital that any good reporter sticks to the basic reporting methods.

In the Internet world, where content--even good content--is proliferating rapidly, a very good filter will be needed to sort out what interests you from what doesn't.
If you do not sort things on the internet, you will eventually encounter child pornography.

Produced by NYD2, a communications firm based in Somerset, the documentary features case histories of clients whose needs ranged from housing to fighting off deportation.
They documentary won an award.

New  Cool and cloudy but no rain.
Windy and dark, without rain.

this is probably really a good subject for me because i really like to do uh hand work uh mostly i do needlepoint i guess
I do needlepoint most of the time, but do other things when I get bored.

yeah well they i think it's one of the important things
It is the most important thing to note.

oh probably November December until March or April i guess around April and then i went ahead and built the breezeway and the garage because i thought it was too cold to be pouring concrete outside in the winter time
I had to wait till April to build the breezeway, the owner was not happy.

As Van Buren knew, parties are inherently democratic, the most effective way of organizing otherwise powerless individuals.
Van Buren was running for president.

The British Are Coming!
The British are on their way to our outpost.

For GAO-and for most of the federal government-to compete with the private sector, we must be able to have a more flexible compensation system that can bring people into government employment at attractive pay levels.
Providing attractive pay levels is key to making this work, although what these levels are is still under heavy debate.

it's too many for students
It's too many homework for college students

This sounds like a lot of steps.
It seemed complicated 

Central Cairo is based around the River Nile, and several modern streets and squares where you'll find most of the international hotels.
In addition to containing most of the international hotels, Central Cairo has a busy nightlife. 

Checking his rear, Jon chanced a glance at the river.
Jon checked behind him for demons by the river.

It's a service to help you stay out of the courtroom, he said.
Avoiding the courtroom is the best way to help.

Drink it at once! Imperiously she pressed the glass to the girl's lips.
She put an amber glass to the girl's mouth. 

teaching  oh yes
Teaching math, yes.

Specifically, reduced rates for books would be eliminated, and even if there were a separate subclass for them, it would not have rates that are invariant with distance.
A separate subclass for books is unlikely as the goal is partially to streamline the system.

The floor jumped, and for an instant everything felt lighter.
I felt the earthquake move the floor.

Here, luxurious homes and landscaped lawns sit on some of the most expensive real estate in the world.
No other homes match the luxurity or elite status of these homes.

What the hell does he expect me to do?" Dave asked hotly.
Dave was not happy with the too high expectations. 

However, there were significant differences in how the agencies had implemented these capabilities.
Some agencies wanted to use the resources to fight the enemies while others wanted to use them for defense.

Poirot, I said, "what was in this particular little bottle?" Poirot looked out of the window. 
Poirot looked out the window because he was trying to figure out a good lie.

Between the Nipponbashi and Namba districts, try to find nearby Doguya-suji, ( Kitchen Street ), a narrow alley of restaurant wholesalers.
Doguya is the Chinese word for street.

The Commission subsequently granted a requested extension of the experiment,16 and ultimately approved a request to make the experimental program a permanent mail classification.
The experimenters asked for a two-month extension.

Then he went to the door opposite leading into Cynthia's room. 
He went to the door to Cynthia's to call on her.

yeah well how did you like your Volvo
How did you like your Volvo, compared to the car you had before it?

as opposed to well
Instead of higher salaries.

For it is of the most complicated! 
It is very complicated for people to solve the puzzle.

Is money money similarly presages Bob Dole on the 1996 campaign stump reminding people, It's your money!
Bob Dole wanted people to be in control of how money was spent.

 A hand closed over Dave's eyes, and the voice of the nurse whispered in his ear.
Dave knew the voice of the nurse.

The very heart of the city's centro storico, it was begun in 1296 under Arnolfo di Cambio, although the imposing green, white, and rosemarble neo-Gothic facade was completed only six centuries later.
The centro storico's construction took so long because the city could barely afford it.

By the way, said Julius suddenly, "you're all wrong about that photograph of Jane.
Julius knows something about the origin of that photograph of Jane that most people don't. 

The H-2A workers' presence in the United States under the temporary worker visa entitled them to LSC eligibility.
A lot of the H-2A workers are not aware of their LSC eligibility.

The assigned OMB control number is 0579-0015.
The only control number assigned for the OMB is 0579-0015.

As was the case with Reebok, Hilfiger's pursuit of the minority market has exposed him to a backlash (it's probably no accident that Lauren, whose turf he invaded, was cast as the good guy in the Klensch Style story).
The minority market pursuit was a suicide mission for Hilfiger.

Remember term limits?
Do you remember the term limits that exist?

Since Jackson II, the institution has fallen sharply from grace.
Poor management has caused the institution to fall from grace.

OPERATING LEASE - An agreement conveying the right to use property for a limited time in exchange for periodic rental payments.
An operating lease is expensive. 

you know they tell you that kids can you know be impressed by all that stuff and it's true i i had a lot of things that i i nobody told me that it was all fake i was just sitting there watching it going oh jeez
There were films that no one told me weren't real, and I would watch them and say "Oh, wow!", but I eventually found the truth out myself.

tax rates-for both businesses and individuals.
Some businesses and individuals are exempted from taxes. 

 Don Lorenzo, por favor , will you act as banker?"He beckoned Drew after him into a small back room which was in sharp contrast to the main part of the Four Jacks.
Four Jacks has a small room that is used for secret meetings.

all right we're on uh hey Rick who's your favorite team
Rick's taste in baseball teams is secret to everyone.

yeah really so i enjoy aerobics and i do it because i like it i mean i like the music and
I do a lot of aerobics because of the music.

so what is happened now is that those people that did not register them are um
The people who did not register are in the thousands.

Mainly I am happy and proud--not just because he is a TV Star but because he is a TV Star in addition to being a good son, a good father, a good writer, and an energetic worker for many good public causes.
I'm proud that he is a good son of mine as well as an actor.

often refer to these initiatives as state planning's companion initiatives, and these initiatives - competition, the quality initiative, the diversity initiative, technology initiative grants, the matters initiative, our efforts to enhance services for self-represented litigants, the Legal Resource Library, to name just a few - have become as important to the creation of a world-class delivery system as state planning has proved itself to be.
There are only five important companion initiatives. 

Care Corporation and the Franklin C. Fetter Family
Franklin C. Fetter Family is associated with Care Corporation. 

Didn't have anythin' to go back to there.
All my family and friends were no longer there. 

yeah well we wouldn't have to worry about that
You don't want to worry about that so think about something else. 

well see i would prefer the cold i'm from southern California
I would prefer when it's cold because I hate the heat.

Poor Emily was never murdered until he came along. 
He killed Emily by shooting her.

This is a family of techniques, some of which have been adapted for computers and some of which use wall-space.
There are techniques for mapping the human genome that make use of computers and wall-space.

Either labor can get it directly from the boss, or labor can get it from the boss via Congress.
Labor needs to make a choice and inform the organizations involved.

The office continues to represent Head Start in low-income districts.
Head Start is lucky to be represented by the office.

The press rallies to the Pulitzer Prize winner's defense on hearing that the Manhattan Theatre Club was canceling his play about a gay Jesus.
Since the writer was a Pulitzer Prize winner, journalists felt that the Manhattan Theatre Club needed to give his play a chance.

The metaphor of the pulpit suggests not reading but oral and visual contact between the preacher and his flock.
Reading instead of visual contact can create a sense of disconnection with the listeners.

When he married in 1901, he and his wife (Olga Knipper of the Moscow Art Theater) went directly from the ceremony to a honeymoon in a sanitarium.
His wife went straight to a sanitarium after their honeymoon, but she was release a few days later. 

Eventually his body was washed ashore, and identified beyond any possible doubt.
The body belonged to a man who was a suspected murder victim.

Poirot seized his hat, gave a ferocious twist to his moustache, and, carefully brushing an imaginary speck of dust from his sleeve, motioned me to precede him down the stairs; there we joined the detectives and set out for Styles. 
I was not sure if Poirot and I would be useful or in the way of the detectives.

and they said bring some tapes with you so they they are always borrowing my tapes
They ask to borrow my tapes every time I come over.

Couldn't let you know before at the pace you were going.
You were going too fast for me to tell you.

Take time, mon ami. 
Don't rush on my account. 

well i sort of one of the reasons it's taken so long is i've been working uh you know it's sort of half student half working and source of income and stuff so i'm actually managing to do this with zero debt
I am going part time and working so I don't have any debt but it is a struggle.

The immense main retable is composed of red marble, green jasper, and gilded bronze.
The immense main retable is beautiful.

Watch your favorite theorists tackle everybody's favorite subject, as Katha Pollitt limns 50 Progressive Ways To Make Him Scream, and Judith Butler finds Hot Honeymoon Hump Tips That Catharine MacKinnon Could Love.
Judith and Katha have performances often.

West Bow (said to be so named because it was within a bow's length of the castle walls) and Candlemakers Row are streets leading away from Cowgate Head, at the end of Grassmarket.
Candlemakers Row is extremely narrow and paved with cobblestone.

Good old hospital demobbed like everything else, I suppose?" Tuppence sighed.
Tuppence works in the hospital.

Kat Hing Wai was built four or five centuries ago by the Hakka Tang clan, one of the Five Great Clans that migrated here from North China .
The Hakka Tang clan were one of the most brutally violent of the Five Great Clans.

One of the major problems HMOs are facing is inadequate Medicare reimbursement.
Medicare is deliberately reducing how much they are able to reimburse HMOs as a means to protest their practices.

and i knew the people involved both the people who perjured and the people who uh were defendants
I knew they would commit perjury before they even took the stand.

Or, to quote Kael again, Mean Streets never loses touch with the ordinary look of things or with common experience.
Mean Streets also shows everyday, common people.

if they started billing people by the pound things might change drastically
If they started billing all of us by the pound, things might finally start to change. 

because they they sort of pull that over on you you know like um like this is a charitable organization but actually it's not it's a come on so that they can get your name and phone number
When they have your phone number, they harass you.

We have exposed the counterrevolutionary machinations of Richard Ford and Amy Tan.
The counterrevolutionary machinations of Richard Ford and Amy Tan have been exposed, according to the report.

right and do most for
The layoffs do a lot for our budget.

well it's not like leaving home when you take it with you the whole idea is to get away from it
You don't want to bring the stress with you. 

uh-huh well um i we just recently graduated from Rice University and uh we were going through a lot of job interviews and things and some of the things that were important to me my uh when my husband was looking for his job was um hours you know we he had been in graduate school so i was used to his not being home at all  so i was you know didn't want him to have a job that
I wanted my husband to find a job that was 9-5.

oh that was a great one
I would recommend it to friends.

He thought the books of great value and so brought them here."Drew opened the top volume.
He was wrong about the value of the books.

They abuse it unceasingly.
They get pleasure from abusing it.

She signed a false affidavit in the Paula Jones case.
This was the first of many false affidavits in the case of Paula Jones.

Pub, restaurant.
Game room.

They're only mandrakes, he explained.
The mandrakes looked exactly like the medicinal herb they had been hunting for.

I beg your pardon, he saw a man with a black beard like Mr. Inglethorp's, and wearing glasses like Mr. Inglethorp, and dressed in Mr. Inglethorp's rather noticeable clothes. 
He saw a man that appeared to be Mr. Inglethorp, accompanied by a woman.

Electricity generators must install monitors to prove that they have sufficient allowances to match their actual emissions.
Sometimes actual emissions do not match theoretical emissions.

The Court's decision displays not only an improper special solicitude for our own profession; it also displays, I think, the very fondness for reform through the courts- the making of innumerable social judgments through judgepronounced constitutional imperatives- that prompted Congress to restrict publicly funded litigation of this sort.
Congress restricted publicly funded litigation in the state courts.

He motioned to Hanson.
He used a hand gesture to communicate with hanson.

Campaigns are self- If Bradley gets close enough to be a real challenge to Gore, he will be subject to the same withering fire that Gore faces.
Bradley will never get enough momentum to be a real challenge to Gore in this campaign.

Do you mean tall or short?
Do you mean above 6 feet?

We started with a budget that today wouldn't pay the salary of one staff person.
Most of the budget had to go into startup costs and there wasn't enough for a salary after that.

From a practical perspective, if stock options aren't compensation, what are they?
Stock options are what cash-strapped companies do to pay their workers.

And so when I picked up a copy of Bionomics , the first thing I did was check out the author's treatment of my heroes and of what I knew to have been the important . His record was  Not one of the right people was mentioned, not one of the key developments discussed.
I make a habit to always read the current Bionomics.

I don't know who the other man is, but the bigger of the two was Whittington." 49 Chapter 7 The House in Soho WHITTINGTON and his companion were walking at a good pace.
Whittington and the other man were walking towards the city.

no i have no idea but uh so you think that mostly they're they're pretty much satisfied with things the way they are
It's been that way for a long time, so they'd be hesitant to change it.

But there was no easing of the pain that threatened to make him black out at any second.
He was not able to reduce the severity of the pain in time.

Well, Miss Tuppence, then, as I'm certainly going to be a friend.
Miss Tuppence is going to be my friend.

3 million for a 30-second spot) and banal products.
They did not have the means to pay for the advertisement.

(The same is true for another of Vietnam's most famous  Eddie Adams' photo of the gun-to-temple execution of a Viet Cong.)
A Viet Cong execution photo by Adams' is one of the most famous pictures from that era.

The New England Journal of Medicine rushed the story to press.
The press was readily available to receive the story that the Journal of Medicine had to offer them.

(I'm sure both projects will come in on budget, and that the retractable roof will work flawlessly.)
A retractable roof may not last more than 15 years.

she says.
She talks about food.

12 No unreasonable offer refused.'  
I won't turn down an offer of $1,000.

The Commission did not identify any other statutes or executive orders imposing requirements relevant to this Report and Order.
Since the commission did not identify their requirements, we our on our own.

Now I find I hate returning e-mails.
I despise returning emails to people now, they can be so tedious. 

Stalls here sell books, used clothes, cheese and jams, and a variety of flea-market stuff.
The cheese and jams sold here are local products.

That's basically a mathematical proposition, which I have translated into English in this column.
You'll still need some background in mathematics to understand the English version of the proposition.

The best way to view the Blue Mountains is to drive from Buff Bay on the north coast down to Kingston on the B1 highway, although the road can be impassable after a heavy rain due to landslides.
There are many ways to view the Blue Mountains, but this way is the best.

The SEC received 39 comments and in the preamble to the final rule discusses the comments received and the modifications made to the proposed rule as a result of the comments.
The SEC got some comments on the website.

But my feelings toward Mary became more romantic when I reached the 6 th grade.
It took me until 6th grade to realize that Mary was beautiful, at which point my feelings became romantic.

Bell had recently been approved to have the federal government subsidize part of his monthly rent, but the government's portion of the December rent was going to be delayed until January, and the landlord was reluctant to wait.
Bell required rent subsidy because of low paid employment.

That, however, was just what Hunt Rennie did not want and what Drew had promised not to do.
But, even though one didn't want it, and the other promised not to do, it still happened.

yeah and that just she doesn't belong with him
I don't think she should be with him, she is a doctor and he is a thug.

In ancient times, this land had a forest of giant sequoia trees.
Giant Sequoia trees are some of the largest trees in the world.

Even if possible, attempts to turn back the technological clock by restricting abortion and contraception would now be counterproductive.
Even if possible, attempts to restrict abortion are morally wrong.

While this would bias estimates based on more recent pollution levels upwards, it also would imply a truly long-term chronic effect of pollution.
Estimates would be biased.

That's Whittington! 
I haven't seen Whittington in an age.

One fell near, and its heat seared at him, giving him no place of shelter.
He could not escape from the piece that fell near him.

Excuse me, Wells. He went hurriedly out into the hall. 
He ran out of class without looking back.

I understand, said Adrin.
Adrin understood that I couldn't go with him.

Pace your stamina for the second floor's excellent Galleria Sabauda (Savoy Gallery), with an important collection of Italian and European art, also due to the Savoys' penchant for collecting.
Some of Da Vinci's best work can be seen at the Savoy Gallery.

The city's impact on the rock and pop music scene with the likes of U2 and Bob Geldof is well known there's even a self-guided tour of their haunts.
The city's 500 year musical history is shown off.

Thomas counsels successful young black men that, upon leaving their neighborhoods, you won't ever really be able to go back.
Thomas counsels young black men against their will.

thanks for calling you too bye-bye
Thanks for taking the time to call in, be well.

say ten dollars at you know at at the most out of a decent fabric
If you're paying more than ten dollars for that, it's a rip off.

i got married at a hundred and thirty pounds and twenty years old and i was just this little toothpick up there had to buy a new suit for it just to fit in there
I was so skinny when I got married I had to buy a new suit, but it doesn't fit anymore.

This is an alternative to some recent legislative suggestions that the markup on the competitive subclasses as a group must be at least as large as the markup on all other subclasses.
Many corporate heads lobbied for the new markup rules.

This legislation is intended to reduce air pollution from electricity generators and improve air quality throughout the country.
This legislation will be enforced on large-scale power providers.

and uh then we just had about an inch and a half or two inches of rain in less than an hour it was just coming down by the bucketfulls and a great deal of lightning it it wasn't uh it wasn't conditions to being out in it and i had just gotten home we had a lot of tornado warnings also
We had a couple inches of rain, so we went out and played with our rainboots on.

I threatened Julius with the revolver, because I wanted Tuppence to repeat that to Sir James, so that he wouldn't worry about us.
I thought I was doing the right thing, threatening Julius with the gun.

Today, the Ceteau de Pau, more Renaissance palace than for?­tress and restored in the 19th century, is an interesting museum of Gobelins tapestries and paraphernalia from the early life of the country's most popular king.
A renaissance palace Ceteau de Pau was destroyed in the 16th century.

Sharp things.
Knives. 

Long before Legal Services Corp. advised legal aid programs to recruit more privatesector attorneys, Dudovitz in 1992 established domestic-violence clinics in four San Fernando Valley courthouses in a partnership with the local bar association.
Dudovitz in 1992 established domestic-violence clinics in four San Fernando Valley courthouses, whilst also adding Spongebob paintings on each clinic door-frame.

you know that's the hard part
That is the hard part but it is over quickly.

um i think that the way they they levy taxes is a little bit uh crazy i think if if they uh people and and i'll use Plano as an example uh house prices in Plano were falling and so they decided well in order to get more tax revenue we're going to have to raise the price uh you know we're going to have to raise the uh the the uh tax per hundred dollars of value on the house
The tax rate was like 4% but now I think it's more like 6% in Plano. 

wow all that for getting tennis balls shot at you at a hundred miles an hour
The balls struck them with great force.

Red Rock Canyon affords numerous routes, including a two-mile Pine Creek Canyon trek and a slightly longer walk along the Keystone Thrust Trail.
The Keystone Thrust Trail is longer but easier than Pine Creek.

(Interestingly, there's an elegant white statue of a veiled woman outside the church.)
There is a statue outside the church and it is beautiful.

Of course, we never rejected people for being too flaky.
We have rejected people for lateness however.

Down on the right is Maxim's restaurant, which began as an ice cream parlor and is now a monument more venerable than the Madeleine.
Maxim's restaurant first opened as an ice-cream parlor in 1940.

Good luck to you," the man smiled at Ca'daan again and Ca'daan smiled back, bowed, and started off.
The men were great friends.

He remembered now that she'd called him a mandrake-man before, in a tone of pity.
He did not like being called a mandrake man.

However, the requirements now found at section 3(b)(2)(A), (D), and (E) were similarly included in the previous version of the Executive Order and it appears that the Department meets those requirements.
The Executive Order has caused the change in requirements.

Coco, with, I think, rum in it. He passed on to the debris on the floor, where the table by the bed had been overturned. 
The table was overturned by a fight.

(From Actuarial Standard of Practice No.
These standards of practice include using only black ink to write work related notes.

uh yeah yeah some some like that uh uh lots of uh different types of vases uh ones that stand on the floor and others that you can put on tables and uh he's been doing a lot of uh lot of decorative type plates lately
Some people like different types of vases to be smashed

The Byzantines tried to protect the Golden Horn from enemy ships by stretching a huge chain across its mouth.
No enemy ships managed to get past the Golden Horn.

The first day I showed up at Legal Aid, I interviewed myself, he said.
He had to interview himself due to a lack of staff.

President Clinton was fined $90,000 for his false testimony in the Paula Jones case.
Clinton had many fines relating to the various cases.

 "You're my cousin Anson Kirby."Drew had already thought that out.
"You're my aunt's son Anson Kirby."

The Edgemar complex, located in the 2400 block, exhibits the work of L.A.'s favorite postmodern architect, Frank Gehry (a Santa Monica resident).
The Edgemar complex, located in the 2400 block, exhibits the work of L.A.'s favorite postmodern architect, Frank Gehry (even though he is a Santa Monica resident).

Just who is in charge, anyway?
With so much chaos, it was hard to find out who was giving orders.

Even at 75 miles per hour, I could count on driving at least 12 hours, making it just in time for the opening gavel at 1 p.m.
I will have to drive 12 hours and barely make the opening gavel, even if traffic doesn't co-operate.

He had backtracked their trail during the day and reported no followers.
He checked twenty times but no one had followed him.

One might have been tempted to chide these respondents with the comment that Pride goes before a fall (Proverbs 16:19), but doubtless they would just have snapped back brazenly with Euripides or Racine.
People that use the Pride goes before the fall are usually very well versed in debate.

And diamonds and pearls rolling about in the gutter for anyone to pick up!" Tommy heard a chair shifted.
Other precious gems were in the gutter as well.  

The Hebrew University and the Hadassah Medical Centre were built on Mount Scopus beginning in 1925 and became the pride of the Jewish community in Palestine under British control.
The Hadassah Medical Centre learned new techniques from British doctors.

Shiloh's not for sale, Coronel, Drew replied.
Not Shiloh but the others are for sale , Coronel.

At many points around St. Barts and its small rocky offshore islets, there is fine reef snorkeling.
You will see a lot of exotic fish when snorkeling at St. Bart's.

As I understand it, the war between Iraq and the United States, begun in 1991, has not yet ended.
As I understand, the US and Iraq war has not ended, but today few troops remain in Iraq. 

Then, quite suddenly, he looked up.
He looked up suddenly to catch a glimpse of me staring at him.

um-hum well yes of course we do have capital punishment and we've you know done away with our quote fair share number
Capital punishment is morally reprehensible.

Gigot would have us believe the  If Starr rises, Clinton falls; but if Starr falls, Clinton doesn't rise.
It is not true that Starr goes up when Clinton goes down.  

yes that's true it doesn't seem to workout that way though does it i think that the lobbyist uh are so protecting what they have in the budget that it doesn't seem to work that every man has to pay his own fair share and maybe that's why corporate America gets away with what they're doing because of the kickbacks and et cetera i'm a bit of a a pessimist i don't see a change in my lifetime i'm afraid you're younger perhaps you can foresee one
I have been a pessimist my whole life.

This museum documents the history of printing and displays many beautiful and rare manual printing machines dating from the early 1800's.
This museum might be interesting to visit for someone who likes history or is interested in the written word.

Sixtyfive percent of the people in probate court appear without lawyers because they can't afford them.
Most people in probate wish they had an attorney but can't afford it.

In addition, the rule revises certain controlled business disclosure requirements.
The revisions met the requirements.

Those dueling Greek painters return in a new guise, as Mario Merz, in the Zeuxis role, covers a glass table with an array of fresh vegetables and fruit, changed daily by a New York caterer ( Spiral Table , 1982), while Christo, playing Parrhasios, conceals the familiar Cezannesque shapes--wine bottle, vase, etc.--under a drapery of canvas ( Package on a Table , 1961).
The dueling Greek painters are very young to be so masterful.

Except that the executive who was assigned the difficult task of dealing with the Shopping Avenger, one Jennifer Nemeth, did a provisionally satisfactory job of making the Shopping Avenger happy.
They should have assigned a different executive to deal with the Shopping Avenger. 

The trend is called brachycephalization, and it has been happening mainly in rural Poland between the Carpathian Mountains and the Black Sea--which, for some arcane reason, is one of the few places on Earth where humans are still evolving.
Humans are evolving rapidly in Poland.

of course that's probably a lot easier on TV to figure it out than it is in other things because TV they have a tendency to do a lot of things uh that aren't you know what i mean um predictable exactly but i mean you know the the dinner a dinner theater like this ought to be just wild i don't know
TV is more predictable than dinner theaters because TV producers have to appeal to a huge mass audience. 

um-hum yes um-hum just tense yeah absolutely yeah we've had our our two cats uh declawed because we keep them in the house all the time
We would put our cats outside if they were not declawed.  

Suggestions have been offered in the United States that the most attractive customers of some presort firms are being charged a price in the neighborhood of one cent per piece.
The most attractive customers of some presort firms are being charged much less than other customers.

Some suggestions are Chompy's in the Powerscourt Townhouse Centre, The Bistro for pizza and pasta in Castle Market, Fitzer's cafes, and the Coffee Dock Grill in Jury's Hotel, Ballsbridge, which provides a special menu just for children.
This menu just for children is filled with themed foods, named after famous cartoon characters.

I wanted to vomit.
I started dry heaving.

it does it really does you know she and they have to go back uh occasionally you know she has to write letters to the parole board and you know lawyers and just just ever so often she mentions well she's got to do something else you know write another letter or do something it's just
She has to bed the parole board to let people out.

and that's about uh three or four less than civil servants get
That's about three or four less times the salary that civil servants get

The western end of George Street begins at Charlotte Square, originally named St. George's Square after the patron saint of England (mirroring St. Andrew's Square at the street's eastern end, which was named for the patron saint of Scotland).
The name was changed to Charlotte square due to popular demand.

There are, however, four other applications of case studies that are less often used at present but that could be appropriate for our jobs.
They are rare currently due to the landscape of the industry.

This negotiated travel program saves the government over $2 billion annually.
$2 billion a year in savings is helpful 

Children of the 'fetus replacement' generation were popping out like bunnies in the spring.
The generation was the largest ever.

Modern  New Kingston,  with its office buildings and high rise blocks, is the administrative heart of Jamaica, with government offices, consulates, and boutiques.
All government officials reside in New Kingston. 

We assume that net foreign investment rises by one-third of any increase in the national saving rate.
There are times that net foreign investment does not rise when national savings rate do. 

Schiff has also appeared recently in the tabs.
Schiff hates it when he appears in the tabloids.  

But you are wonderful. 
You are also extremely popular. 

Party entrepreneurs were often newspaper editors and postmasters, and postmasterships quickly became a staple of party patronage.
The editors use terrible tactics to gain funds. 

As you approach the Temple Mount along the Street of the Chain, you'll notice the imposing doorways of the great Mameluke-style mansions of Jerusalem from the 14th century, with their stalactite-like ornamentation.
Jerusalem construction workers always loved to put large doorways on buildings. 

so because you always put your phone number down so they can call and tell you that you won
So you put your phone number down and they can call and tell you that you won the monthly draw

It says the point of this odyssey isn't revenge but regret--for irredeemably blown chances and a tragic waste of love.
The point wasn't supposed to be revenge, but it occured anyways.

He now faces an election in three months, says Berger.
This is the first time he's run for office.

The Ohara Tokikan pottery hall is devoted to the work of modern pottery masters Kanjiro Kawai, Shoji Hamada, and Kenkichi Tomimoto, as well as their much admired friend, Bernard Leach, the influential British potter credited with popularizing Japanese rustic ceramic styles and techniques abroad.
The Ohara Tokikan pottery hall also features a craft shop where you can buy modern works.

Ten weeks after OPP launched LRI, site activity reports showed that users had viewed approximately 15,500 pages.
OPP launched LRI for the 10,000 employees.

Why, of course. 
I'll certainly show you my horse.

Taniguchi, acclaimed for his sleek Tokyo buildings, plans to use unassuming materials--glass, aluminum, and black slate--which critics say won't distract from nearby masterpieces by Cesar Pelli and Philip Johnson.
Taniguchi will be using glass, aluminum and black slate to create his next building in Tokyo.

The only survivor was a prisoner in a thick-walled dungeon, who for years afterwards was displayed abroad as a circus attraction.
The one prisoner that survived was paid well to be in the circus.  

The ability to leverage other funds to represent LSC eligible clients is a factor LSC considers in evaluating its grantees.
The LSC carefully evaluates grantees 

The woman, disarmed, stood.
The woman, who was disarmed, stood up to return to battle.

He said it is easier to change a field from within than from the outside.
He knew from experience, having joined the field to enact the change he wanted to see.

well, anyway, your letter is most interesting.
Your letter has a nice picture included in it.

Paper presented at the Annual American Educational Research Association meeting, New York, March 1982.
The research paper by NYU academics was submitted to the Annual AERA meeting in March 1982.

As we know from the Oscars, it's the sanctimonious stuff that gets rewarded.
The Oscars are the only proof that sanctimonious things are rewarded.

did they have some pretty good campsites up there
They have good campsites in North Dakota.

This approach provides perhaps a better technique for isolating the actual costs of the emissions caps.
The costs of emissions caps are estimated at several million dollars per year.

In Rome, La Repubblica reported from New York on the ambivalence of President Clinton's attitude toward Hollywood, pointing out that a few hours after accusing it of promoting violence and having direct responsibility for massacres in American schools, he had gone to dinner in Beverly Hills with film industry friends who had poured millions of dollars into Democratic Party coffers.
President Clinton is good friends with Meryl Streep.

yeah i i always wondered about that myself
I always wondered about that myself since I was about 6 or 7 years old.

He always liked knives more than swords and he had about three on him, big ones with heavy blades.
He cut himself often while playing with knives.

According to the results of three recent surveys, the private sector commonly allows its employees to retain for personal use frequent flyer miles received on business travel.
Allowing employees to use their frequent flyer miles were treated as a type of benefit.

When Italians moved the melodrama of their lives indoors, they called it opera.
Opera can be said to come from the dramatic lives of Italians.

'Well,' Greuze coughed.
Greuze coughed for a full minute.

uh-huh what what what bothers the heck out of me is uh one of these so-called American made cars where part of it's put together in Japan and what you've got is you've got standard and metric
Some cars are in both standard and metric, it's aggravating.

but uh like i said i stayed in today because i picked up a cold the other day so didn't feel like going outside and doing much
You stayed in the other day.

As I was saying, her pride and jealousy have been laid aside. 
She is no longer proud and jealous as I was saying.

Speeches were made in the Park and Trafalgar Square.
People gathered in Trafalgar Square to learn what happened.

For example, to achieve 80 percent mercury reduction from a low sulfur bituminous coal using an ACI system with humidification will require a treatment rate of about 8 lb/million acf (MMacf).
This system is very expensive to install and operate.

You must be near as shiny as Don Cazar or Mister Topham!" 
You must be as shiny and clean as Don Cazar or Mister Topham!

He knew without question that he was well.
He knew already that he had to have been well.

you know and uh certainly nothing that you have to do anything about um
You know you don't have to do anything since you aren't involved.

I haven't got them.
I haven't got them but I know who might.

Sabeel Qait Bey, an ornate little 15th-century kiosk, shows the fine design and craftsmanship of the Mameluke period; from this kiosk, fresh water was served to visitors in earlier times.
The designs of the Mameluke period were complex and sturdy.

National initiatives undertaken or completed in 2001 
There were many national initiatives completed in 2001. 

I'll  " The pity on Mr. Carter's face stopped him.
Mr Carter made a face of disgust.

Very slowly, a fraction of an inch at a time, he moved it round, holding his breath in his excessive care.
He was holding his breath because he was in a mission.

It's been there for millions of years.
It is a rock formation.

In order to better support the Congress and maximize the value of our strategic plan, in April I announced a realignment of GAO.
Our plan is to support Congress for the next fifty years.

Background information generally sets the stage for reporting the results of an engagement or provides information that puts the results in proper context.
Background information tells you about a person.

oh i'm thinking around twenty or twenty five dollars
I think this game is worth at least twenty dollars

The old man had died of a chill that had left him bedridden and coughing for three weeks.
The old man passed painlessly in the night. 

The Department promulgated this rule under the notice and comment procedures of 5 U.S.C.
The department implemented the rule without a committee vote.

to deny that at least you know the majority of it is true so you know you know it depends on how you look at it
At least you know most of the teachers are telling the truth about the test scores.

Shinjuku Gyoen is famous for its botanical greenhouse, for its flowering cherry trees in April, and for its chrysanthemum exhibition during the first two weeks of October.
Every year, thousands of people visit the chrysanthemum exhibition in Shinjuku Gyoen's botanical greenhouse. 

Prices are generally fixed, except in markets.
Prices for many common consumer goods like milk are generally fixed, but not in markets.

The relationship between LSC-funded providers and their partners in the state justice community in Colorado has always been positive.
The positive relationship between LSC-funded providers and their partners has had a positive impact in the community.

Patricia Perry reported that one alcohol intervention project in New York State was implemented in 18 hospitals, but in a different way in each one.
The alcohol intervention project taught the same things, but in different ways.

Surely farmers are willing to pay much more for fertile seeds than for infertile, and you can be sure that Monsanto fully exploits that willingness.)
Monsato is happy about the fact that he is getting rich off of fertile seeds

The 40 percent reduction in mortality under the Alternative Estimate and the difference in valuation of premature mortality and chronic bronchitis explain the difference in benefits between these two approaches.
The difference in benefits between these two approaches cannot be ignored.

These adaptations created the need for a better understanding of the relationship between case study techniques and other techniques and between quantitative and qualitative approaches within case studies.
These adaptations create the need for a more comprehensive understanding of case study techniques and other techniques like public studies.

Then there are the legitimate programs that have been infected with subprograms called viruses . Viruses are crafty things that are cleverly (if perversely) designed to replicate themselves whenever their host program is run.
Viruses are easily defeated by deleting their host programs.

The mean value of avoiding one statistical death (i.e.
The mean value of avoiding a statistical death is 5%

Buyer Beware.
The buyer should keep their eyes peeled for scams.

yeah i'm glad that i'm glad that i saw Ghost before it went
I don't think I would have watched Ghost if I had waited till now.

yes i i felt that it certainly was i mean i was smarter than most of the people that i was working for and uh you know every time something new came up i was explaining it to them and uh i had
I explained everything to them because I'm so smart.

But he added that many other groups had gone along [with the reorganization] reluctantly when faced with the possible loss of most of their budgets.
He said groups had reorganized and ended up saving a lot of money.

and this is about nineteen sixty four i believe or something like that and there still hasn't been any you know new development in prescribed drugs that can help it
I am aware of all the new prescription developments for it.

oh yeah my wife too that's her favorite too yeah you know it's funny with Chinese restaurants since you can't read the menu or anything you tend to stick with one thing i used to it used to always be sweet and sour pork for me and then i just i i started getting a little more health conscious
these days i tend to stick to vegetable dishes at Chinese restaurants

Versailles was truly the shining star of Europe by its architectural splendor, and most of all by the sheer hypnotic power of Louis XIV's cult of self-glorification.
Versailles was known as the shining star, but was really over-hyped.

'It's the pain meds, see.
The pain medication is making me feel terrible.

And I know you and I are brothers in bloodshed.
Since we're both brothers, we can fight the demons together.

'See if you enjoy spending more time as a fugitive, sorting through garbage.
I knew he would change his mind when I told him to try digging through the trash. 

The hardware and equipment to support wet FGD technology involves five major systems.
There were originally only three major systems.

In its most recent long-term modeling report, CBO assumed total factor productivity growth of 1.7 percent beyond 2010.
CBO has thorough modeling reports

While transaction processing will always exist, it does not have to drain the finance organization's resources.
Most finance organizations deal with transaction processing.

The town center, Piazza Mino da Fiesole, with its austere cathedral founded in 1028, is the starting-point for some exhilarating hill walks (the tourist office in the main piazza has walking maps), the most immediate being the steep paved lane leading from the square up to the small San Francesco convent and post-card views of Florence.
The tourist office overcharges for the walking maps it sells.

As evidenced by bones, weapons, and pottery most recently uncovered by archeologists, the Asian equivalent of Neanderthal Man crossed a now-submerged land bridge from eastern Siberia to what is now Sakhalin Island and northern Japan some 100,000 years ago.
Archeologists discovered pottery, bones and weapons in elaborate burial tombs.

The buzzing sound of the wings signals their approach and, if you are lucky, they will fly up and perch on your finger to take the food.
The hummingbirds are hand fed by keepers in the aviary.

The Greyfriars Church was closely linked with the Protestant Covenanters, and many of those hanged in the Grassmarket are buried here.
Their graves are marked by simple wooden crosses.

Others take issue with Finnegan's claim that these are especially hard times to grow up  One wants to ask, 'Harder compared to what?
Finnegan thinks that life has never been harder for young adults than it is today.

 The heat was already rising.
The rising air was warm.

um the one the the most valueless girl doesn't  but she's married now i i'm not quite sure why  i i think he said that he'd give her a big ring and
she was one of the most valueless girls in the whole town, but she managed to get married

Since she has full immunity, it doesn't hurt her if it's bogus.
She has full immunity since she isn't invested in it, so lying about it to her wont impact her view. 

you're right you're sure right it's it's nice to look at but the last couple of storms we've had the last couple of snowstorms we've had have really been good because they snowed and and like within a day it's warmed right back up and melted the roads and stuff so
It was quite normal to have such warm weather after a snowstorm.  

5 component species and PM10) at each grid cell.
Each grid cell has PM12), in addition to its 5 component species and PM10).

Chairman The Honorable John D. Dingell Ranking Minority Member Committee on Commerce House of Representatives
John D. Dingell has been an honorable chairman for 20 years.

But if you look at the international monetary literature when Mundell was in his glory days, you get the impression that he was 15 or 20 years ahead of his contemporaries.
Mundell seems at least 15 years ahead on his contemporaries because he was more aware about the situation and could predict it well.

Targeted investments need to be made in our
We must invest in the poor communities. 

Since then it has undergone a rapid industrialization balanced today by renewal of its cattle farming.
Cattle farming alone is responsible for the balancing of its period of over-industrialization.

Your eyes will be burned if a drop of the Dead Sea touches them, and you will feel the sting of salt and iodine if you have cuts or abrasions on your skin.
A drop of water will sting your eyes.

yeah it is it's real exciting
Everyone is very excited about it.

dull, provincial, and oddly prevalent on U.S. comedy shows.
It lost its flavor after a few U.S. comedies milked it dry.

I was on a different footing. 
Everyone had a better shot than me.

you know this girl just coming to America type thing you know so you know i would have loved it the opportunity to do that
Coming to American was a new and exciting experience for her. 

After weighing the options, we arranged for a donation from Lexis of their HotDocs document assembly software for each state, which will greatly enhance the availability of legal forms that lay people can easily fill out online.
We got a software donation from Lexis for the law school.

um you know uh Christmas really doesn't seem like Christmas to me unless i do see the snow and the ice
It doesn't feel like Christmas here in Florida without the snow.

The friendly cooperation that characterizes civil societies is a pale shadow of the love that inspires great self-sacrifice.
The friendly cooperation that characterizes civil societies requires self-sacrifice from both parties.

Exploratory analyses of large data bases are often used to select a smaller number of variables for additional testing, on the basis of interesting patterns that emerged from various combinations of the elements of the large data base.
Additional testing of every variable would require too many resources.

Because of the difficulty of measuring such results for research and development programs in financial, economic, or quantitative terms, outcome data for such programs are expected to consist typically of a narrative discussion of the major results achieved by the program during the year, along the following 
Because of the difficulty in measuring results of research and development in certain terms, outcome data is expected to consist entirely of a narrative discussion of major results.

The Social Costs of Chronic Heart and Lung Disease, Resources for the Future Discussion
Lung disease often includes pneumonia and bronchitis.

And there is much dispute over whether El Nieo will cause as much trouble as some allergists predict.
The same allergists who were wrong about El Nino, are predicting that El Nieo will be troublesome. 

Takayama is a town famous for its carpenters a reputation going back to the great days of the imperial courts of Nara and Kyoto.
Back in the great days of the imperial courts of Nara and Kyoto, carpenters were always ready to help out.

He signed the Preservation of Marriage Act!
He unwillingly signed the Preservation of Marriage Act.

The sanctuary exemplifies piety and militancy.
The sanctuary has nothing to do with peace.  

All they've asked him to do is remove his clothes at an orgy, which seems not unreasonable.
It doesn't seem unreasonable that they've asked him t remove his clothes at an orgy because everyone else will be naked. 

A $3 million cost resulting from the loss of revenue is estimated from the tobacco marketing card and the undivided interest language which allows a landowner to obtain catastrophic coverage to satisfy the linkage requirement for all other landowners who hold an undivided interest in given insurable acreage.
The cost is currently $3 million and rapidly growing.

his wife that's happening more and more often too
I wouldn't want his wife to shoot him. 

The rosy  Potent anti-rejection drugs now make it possible to prevent the body from rejecting a new hand.
It's possible to transplant any body part due to anti-rejection drugs. 

In his post-announcement interviews, Bryan was blunt about how much this bothered him.
 In his post-announcement interviews, Bryan was blunt about how much this bothered him but was willing to put it behind him.

What's the difference between buying up a train and buying up a liner? 
That the person wants to buy up both.

Baracoa became the first of seven settlements across Cuba.
Baracoa was a settlement in Cuba and it gave citizens a safe place to live.

If you want a model to determine how the orbits should be, we have the finest orrery ever built here in the camp.
The orrery is over 100 feet tall and made of pure copper.

Don't leave   she seemed unable to proceed, murmuring something that sounded like "sleepy." Then she tried again.
She tried again to speak but she just couldn't.

Malls and tourist shops tend to open all hours to suit the local trade.
The malls and tourist shops are closed on holidays.

Very Castilian in feel, but the views from the terraces and large pool are the chief attractions.
The huge swimming pool is one of the best in the country.

A new school of Jewish historians is more critical of the dislocations caused by Jewish land acquisition, and concludes that it was not always fair.
The dislocations were widespread.

right to to actually be a leader uh a team leader and uh you know the Rangers really don't have any star players besides Ryan that uh i think the other players look up to because Incaviglia i don't think you know uh he stands out to be a a real leader
Ryan is a really good team leader for the Rangers.

well gosh all kinds um mostly between the ages of two and ten um last like a few summers ago i kept two children every day for the entire summer and i mean they became like my children
Also, some kids over the age of ten too. 

yeah uh Garp The World of Garp
The World of Garp is a famous movie.

This set up needless competition for scarce resources and created hurt feelings among some staff.
Not everyone was happy with this, it became very hard to get ahold of valuable resources.

Semans says she wrote that line into the narrative after she had told a lot of people, including her parents, about the spot.
Semans gave her main character a birthmark on her leg to match the author's own.

In a way, Slim was disappointed.
Slim left theater half way through the show.

(Tonight at 2:30: Sherilyn Fenn and Rob Estes in Permission From a Male Relative or Shannon Tweed and Harry Hamlin in Clearance From the Vice Squad . Even if you put Adrienne Barbeau in it, A University Degree just doesn't have the same ring.)
Clearance From the Vice Squad is the best show screening tonight.

The French Rev?­o?­lu?­tion?­aries threatened to tear the steeple down because it offended their principle of equality, but were reassured when one of the townsmen coiffed the spire with a patriotic red-white-and-blue bonnet.
The French Revolutionaries were on their way to tear the steeple down when the townsman changed their minds.

wait a while it'll change that's right that's about like it is too because yesterday was really nice
The weather was sunny yesterday.

It yielded, and he slipped inside.
He went into the door to get the treasure

As the narrator  Every moment could be seen to connect to every other moment, every act to have logical if obscure consequences, an unbroken narrative of vivid complexity.
The narrator wanted to share the story with other people.

he's no Spring chicken anymore and like you say Warren Moon's an excellent Warren Moon's an excellent but he's very exciting to watch uh-huh sure uh-huh absolutely
He is not young, but many people still like him.

I'm a Southerner and Manners Are Our Thing
We, Southerners, are taught to always greet strangers.

of capital goods in the United States than in other developed countries.
80% of capital goods are made in the United States.

The monumental baths, separate Latin and Greek libraries, Greek theater, temples, and pavilions together make up the home of a man who drew no distinction between the pleasures of mind and body.
The man regularly made full use of all the amenities in his home.

Behavior in the Human Male , in its impulse toward acceptance and liberation, the broad and generous desire for others not to be harshly judged.
Acceptance and liberation cause males not to harshly judge others.

Check out the Cyclotourism Guide put out by the Balearic Tourist Office; it details 10 rides on Mallorca and four in Menorca.
The rides will allow tourists to see many things such as beaches and volcanos.

The following table summarizes the details on the size and structure of the organizations' information security staffs.
The table summarizes hundreds of pages of information altogether.

Greek mythology also has it that Andromeda, the beautiful daughter of the King of Jaffa, was chained to a rock at sea just outside the harbour, as a sacrifice to a sea monster (but she was rescued just in time by Perseus).
The sacrifice was meant to appease the monster, and prevent the town's destruction.

A Current Services Assessment (CSA) provides receipt and outlay data on the basis of projections of future activities.
Some activities have heavy impact on the assessment.

but uh it's it's still it it still remains a tough question and it's there's a lot of you know the whole the whole department of defense uh reasoning behind the original plan and whatnot there's a lot of different things that uh come into play but that was i think everybody everybody pretty much knows that that was kind of a smoke screen to implement it throughout the whole company
The employees staged protests against the employers for their unjust actions.

The executive engages in substantial personal development activities such as attending training courses, reading books, and undertaking projects in order to develop skills.
The activities create improved personal skills.

53 "You will understand, Wells," he added, "that this is all strictly private. 
he added, "This is completely confidential, and you'll go to jail if anyone else finds out."

PROMO's report claimed that local TV news foments fear and hostility among city residents and suburbanites alike by devoting a disproportionate share of its broadcast time to crime.
Despite the decreased crime rates in recent years, the public's concern about crime is at an all-time high due to the ratings-focused media.

Truscott compares the intensive training you get in the Army with one of these weapons long before you're ever allowed to fire it, and then only under the supervision of an expert marksman, with the situation in states like Arkansas, where it's legal for a 10-year-old to own a semiautomatic assault weapon without a moment of safety instruction, training in how to shoot it or adult supervision.
Truscott compares the training received in the military with these weapons way before you are ever allowed to fire it, and then only under expert supervision, with the situation in states like Arkansas, were it's legal for a child to possess an assault weapon with no training of any kind. 

New York Post gossip columnist Neal Travis last week repeated an item he first ran a year ago, at the time of Clinton's second inaugural.
This was the first time Neal Travis ever repeated an item he ran previously.

Before, he had been torn between two alternatives.
He used to be quite torn between the choices until this morning.

The proposed rulemaking was published in the Federal Register on September 6, 1996, 61 Fed.
The proposed rulemaking was 10 pages long.

Cap in, powder in, plug in, ball in, seal it in, ram it down.
If they missed a step it would not function properly.

Leading organizations work to create environments that are conducive to sharing ideas on how information technology can support the businesses and vice versa.
New information technology that supports businesses includes adopting more advanced cell phones.

Attorney General Jay Nixon sought the order, which was granted Wednesday on an emergency basis.
Jay Nixon has been a controversial figure in recent times.

We make a decent living.
Christmas is always filled with presents.

For panoramic views, visit the hilltop Cimetiyre Marin, burial place of the poet Paul Val??ry and singer Georges Brassens, before heading back up the N112 to Montpellier.
From the hilltop Cimetiyre Marin you can see a river.

Either way, it's cheap entertainment there's no charge for boat watching.
There used to be a fee charged for watching boats.

yeah those those are those are always the i i think those are more fun than major league games sometimes
Most people prefer major leagues games to those

that this this is the idea that i think is actually very is is what i think we should all revert to the idea that um basically they said you know everything happened in kindergarten and and in kindergarten we learned to share and we learned to um play with each other we learned to take nap you know and to take naps and and whenever we'd start a fight we'd all apologize and hug each other
They said kindergarten was a place for learning to be good people.

well i've i've heard some uh there's a book out now called The Saturday Morning Mind Control
I've heard that the book called The Saturday Morning Mind Control is about cartoons.

PSC assembled three volunteer companies to participate in our study.
There could have been more companies but the PSC failed to find them.  

getting ready to start to for the Spring season and see if i can grow me another nice lawn i usually have a pretty nice lawn it's a lot of work you know but it's
I doubt I can grow a nice lawn this spring season.

They want coal and oil."
They want fossil fuels to build the structure.

He snatched at it.
He wanted whatever it was very badly.

they hold competitions in Los Angeles in um Florida and Minneapolis Minneapolis um um trying to think of i think it's in four places around the United States they hold competition and the only requirement is of course your skill of passing these tests
The competitions in Florida are quite a show.

yeah we mainly just did a bit of black and white it's
We did mainly black and white paintings.

When he finally succeeded, after a prolonged siege and heavy losses, he punished the local population by cutting off the noses and lips of all men except those who played wind instruments.
All men who played wind instruments were tasked with helping cut off people's noses. 

no i had to press one
I had to press one issue.

With the cloister, the monks' ethereally lit refectory, the grand Knights' Hall, and the elegant Guests' Hall together make up the masterpiece of 13th-century Gothic architecture that earned the abbey its name of la Merveille.
The la Merveille was the most magnificent 13th-century gothic structure built.

i'd like to have a volunteer come here and rake leaves and  mow the grass and
I'm not able to mow the grass and rake leaves myself.

um it was it was fine but it was an old one and um
It was still good, despite being the oldest one around.

dust like that.
The dust is exactly like that.

Additionally, the FCC did not adopt safe harbor rules at this time, as suggested by some commenters, to avoid interference.
FCC didn't adopt the rules because they were too complex.

Topham had reason to be proud of his bath, Drew admitted some time later.
Topham was proud of his bath because it was so old.

Between the estuaries of the Touques and Dives rivers, 20 km (12 miles) of sandy beaches, handsome villas, and picturesquely ?­weather-beaten old hotels give a nostalgic peek at Napoleon III's Second Empire and the Belle Epoque of the 1900s.
There are ten estuaries of the Touques and Dives rivers.

Well, my idea is, that perhaps he's found some way of making strychnine tasteless. 
He must be a chemist in order to have found that out.

Because she cares for some one else, mon ami.
She cares for you, but you're not the only one.

You did your best.
Your best got us closer to the goal.

APHIS rejected the first alternative because it believed scientific evidence permitted importation of pork products from Sonora and not permitting such importation would be contrary to trade agreements entered into by the United States.
The United States entered into the trade agreement to permit imported pork products from Sonora over a decade ago.

Time reports on a new study showing that kids have less free time than ever  They spend most of their waking hours on school, homework, and organized sports.
Time also reports on a conflicting study and compares their study methods.

He stretched out his legs, and the sun made twinkly points of light on the rowels of the Mexican spurs.
He sat in the sun all afternoon. 

right oh yes you're not kidding
They're deadly serious.

Just beyond, the shop-lined white marble Rialto Bridge arches the canal at its narrowest point.
Along the canal is the best place for shopping.

But because it is put forward by a fatuous Charleston, S.C., college professor, we hear it for what Horwitz rightly calls  a clever glide around race and slavery, rather like the slick-tongued defense of the Southern 'way of life' made by antebellum orators, South Carolinians in particular.
Antebellum orators used to make logically consistent and rational arguments about life in the South before the war.

In the preamble to the final rule, the actions taken on the comments received are discussed, including raising the level of foreign ownership that requires prior notification from 10 percent to greater than 25 percent.
Actions taken on the comments received are discussed with great passion.

The model is currently on display at the Cooper-Hewitt Museum in New York City.
The model will be transferred from the Cooper-Hewitt Museum in a month.

When Adrin's rapier came around Jon parried low on the blade.
Adrin's sword almost hit Jon.

Casualties on both sides were Allied losses numbered 2,000 killed and 12,000 taken prisoner, while the German war cemetery contains almost 4,500 graves.
German casualties were mostly male. 

But in the case of Alfred Inglethorp, all that is changed. 
All that is changed in his case, for the better. 

The masters at the tower of the Eye have ways to stop it but it would be very hard to stop one as strong as she.
If they all worked together, they could stop her.

The village is named after the three small islands it overlooks in a corner of Fort-de-France's huge bay.
The village is all a higher elevation.

Hay fever was the small cost of survival.
You must become ill if you want to survive.  

yeah for your automobile
The car needs it.

The laissez-faire philosophy has worked wonders on the Pacers.
Under their current coach, the Pacers have won a lot when they employed the lassez-faire philosophy.

The boats may appear deceptively primitive, but many of them have their own electric generators and all the modern conveniences.
The boats appear primitive because it greatly discourages thievery.

98 Identifying Sources of Audit Evidence
It's better to identify more sources of audit evidence rather than less.

are you all behind what time is it there it's six o'clock here now
It is six o'clock over there too.

and if ever i see it on the menu i always get it
I don't order if I don't see it.

And revelations about the agency's Cold War malfeasance have damaged its prestige.
More Cold War revelations will hurt its standing to a point of no return.

According to most reports from Zagreb, Tudjman is brain dead and has been for some weeks.
Reports from Zagreb say Tudjman is brain dead, he will be taken off life support soon.

You can walk south along the narrow alleyway cutting the Al-Ghuri complex to reach Bab Zuweila Gate, once the lower entrance to the city.
The Bab Zuweila Gate is where the poor proletariat once gathered to plot against the wealthy bourgeois.

As Scandinavians and Bavarians cycle by, 1968 seems as remote as when the first cattle-herders came here from the other side of India some 3,500 years ago.
The cattle-herders who came from the other side of India decided that this was a much nicer place to live.

i mean they are but i don't label it as such
I do not want them to be offended.

Warmth seemed to flow from it into Dave.
Dave could feel the warmth.

Comart is a lawyer with Pine Tree Legal Assistance Inc., a statewide group that provides free legal aid to those who qualify.
Comart is the best lawyer at Pine Tree Legal Assistance Inc.

not too much not too much well that's right well i think it is good to to read books and and because even if it's like you say it's light reading you are still getting some mental exercise
I usually read for at least 3 hours a day. 

'You and me.
You and me will take over the world.

No, I said thoughtfully. 
The more I wondered about it, the more I disagreed. 

Here in Canada.
Here in Canada, we have all one could ever wish for.

Therefore I reckon some one put them wise and not earlier than Sunday afternoon.
It had to have been one of us who told them.

Messieurs, mesdames, said Poirot, with a flourish, "let me introduce you to the murderer, Mr. Alfred Inglethorp!" 164 Chapter 13 POIROT EXPLAINS "Poirot, you old villain," I said, "I've half a mind to strangle you! 
Mr. Inglethorp has a deep desire to kill Poirot, for he is a killer.

You want work? 
Don't you want to work?

Table 3.6 summarizes key features of program effects case studies.
Table 3.6 is a two-page long summary of pertinent information.

A general willingness
General willingness to sacrifice their first born. 

In most cases, information resources will be purchased by issuing an RFP, which forms the basis for the resulting contract.
These contracts generally cost hundreds of thousands of dollars to fulfill.

yeah that could be a little boring sometimes i guess too but
I guess the game may be a little boring at times.

He said a package of 20 letters of support failed to reach some of the judges.
He said the 20 letters failed to reach some of the judges, but we know it's a lie.

The programs are also poised to make a major investment in technology to expand the delivery of legal services.
New computers, iPads, and cellphones are being purchased to help deliver legal services faster.

No doubt I am very dense, but I cannot see what the proximity of the coast has got to do with the murder of Mrs. Inglethorp."
The proximity of the coast has nothing do with Mrs. Inglethorp's murder.

The monastery also has a museum, which conveys the flavor of monastic life along with icons and manuscripts.
The icons and manuscripts at the monastery are rare and valuable.

oh jeez yeah what do you what do you do when you get a i mean like a really violent storm like a tornado just stay in your truck
it's best to stay in your truck when a violent tornado hits

She had not feared Whittington, but this woman was different.
She feared this woman but knew that she could beat her.

well Brinkley was sort of trying to be in the mold
Brinkley was close to being what it wanted to be.

Andrew Young, Maynard Jackson, and the mulatto elite dismissed Lewis and lined up behind Bond.
Andrew, Maynard, and the mulatto elite were physically involved with fighting Lewis. 

South, on 25 August Street (Odes 25 Avgoustou), you will see the impressive faaade of the Venetian Loggia, originally dating from 1628 but reconstructed after a later earthquake.
An earthquake destroyed most of the Venetian Loggia in 1889.

Is it too late to make fun of Giuliani?
Is it too late to make fun of Guiliani's hair?

Where Boutros-Ghali was highhanded and arrogant, Annan is gentle, soft-spoken, calm.
Annan is quiet and smart.

Ceramics and pottery.
There is a huge assortment of pottery and ceramics.

Before applying technology to its data dissemination efforts, the Bureau released massive amounts of data in printed reports.
This was a necessary step to take before applying technology to its data dissemination efforts.

His life is comfortable, and he sees no reason to change it.
Although his girlfriend wants him to change, he sees no reason because it is so comfortable. 

This is the most immediately available policy to protect patients with federal confidentiality regulations and alleviate legitimate concerns about the right to privacy.
This is the most common sense policy to protect patients and alleviate legitimate concerns about the right to privacy.

Christopher Dunn related that his research interventions took 30 to 40 minutes, but his interventions outside the research arena took about 20 minutes because the process did not have to be so complicated and uniform, and there was less data collection.
A few of Christopher's research interventions went for as long as an hour.

The hum of voices, the bray of mules, the baa-ing and naa-ing of sheep and goats, kept up a roar to equal surf on a seacoast.
The surf was more pleasant to listen to than all these farm sounds.  

However, combining statistical sampling with fast pay procedures is permitted under appropriate circumstances.
The fast pay procedures are the rate that employees are given their stipend.

Sometimes they fail now, she told him.
She figured that most of them would fail.

okay i don't know about you but i hate to do yard work and i pay somebody to do all of my yard work
It is opulent of me to hire someone to do my yard work. 

Go on with the affairs of the nation.
I see that you have more important things to attend to.

Not only is Greenspan's answer scientifically baseless
Greenspan's answer was made up.

Islam has refrained from such an expedient.
Islam does not stray far from rigid, conservative practices.

Our approach would significantly reduce the state resources needed to conduct modeling, planning and regulatory activities to attain the standards.
Our approach would reduce state resources that are needed to conduct modeling for EPA standards.

He suggested the recommendation encourage the emergency medicine academic organization to help its members find other funding opportunities.
The emergency medicine academic organization was encouraged to help its members find other funding opportunities, because of their dire need.

uh the the line what i waited maybe ten minutes in line it was it was uh a minor inconvenience it was certainly worth it to me i think
I would have been willing to wait an additional five minutes in the line.

Environmental Protection Agency, Feasibility of Installing NOX Control Technologies by May 2003, September 1998.
NOX control technologies can be used, but are very expensive.

EPA subsequently sent the information collection requirements to the Office of Management and Budget for approval under the Act.
The EPA is the environmental protection agency and regulates environmental policy in accordance to the will of the people.

Beneath them sprawl the enemy's dead.
The dead were killed by evil men.

oh okay and uh uh we're not to have much mutual interest there but i'm curious uh uh what class are they class A
Our interests are in two entirely different species of frogs.

Pay a visit to the Casa Museu da Taipa, and you'll be able to get a glimpse of how Macanese families lived in former days.
There is only one place to see how the Macanese really used to live.

 "Yesterday "Drew tried to think back to how he had felt yesterday about Topham's warning and how he himself had held the absurd belief that if Don Cazar was going to be in trouble, Drew himself wanted to be there.
Don Cazar had been a friend of Drew's family before his betrayal.

You'll probably end up with a price that's around 50 70% of this initial price so if the goods are genuinely more expensive than you want to pay, better to walk away now with a handshake and a firm  no thank you.  
The prices may be more expensive than you want to pay.

Tuppence hated letting the grass grow under her feet.
She wanted to grow carrots instead of grass.

Outlook SWAT teams swooped down daily to reduce the size of our code.
Outlook was used for many purposes.

Non-COPD deaths for populations aged 64 and younger are valued at $0.
Non-COPD deaths are very rare in young people.

Founded in 1985 by several private health insurers and federal/state law enforcement officials, the National Health Care Anti-Fraud Association is a unique, issue-based organization comprising private and public sector organizations and individuals responsible for the detection, investigation, prosecution, and prevention of health care fraud.
The National Health Care Anti-Fraud Association is involved with over 100,000 cases of health care fraud a year. 

so what are you majoring in
I majored in Psychology last term.

Nearby are YS Falls, found on an old plantation that dates from 1684.
The old plantation used to grow a variety of crops.

Section 716(b)(1) provides that when GAO is not given access to records within a reasonable time, the Comptroller General may make a written request for such records to the agency head.
The request will be granted.

we're not interested in what other countries do and then other times we jump in and do things and while i'm really glad that they
It's to our credit that we jump in to help other countries.

He outwits the psychotic assassin.
The assassin has no remorse when killing people.

These guys need professional help, but are afraid to be seen near a psychiatrist's office.
Guys think mental health treatment is for crazy people.

they killed i'm in Dallas
I moved to Dallas after those people were killed. 

oh how awful
I cannot imagine how you feel right now.

You'll have to walk despite the pain."
You have to keep walking and ignore the pain.

i have a i have a bad back
I have a bad back from an accident.

The intervention was a single motivational interview that lasted approximately 30 minutes with
Subsequent studies have indicated that three one hour interventions provide the best results.

discussion of the elements of a finding in paragraphs 7.45 through 7.48.
The elements found are in paragraphs 7.45 through 7.48 in Chapter 7.

The lively secular and pagan mosaics from Pompeii's patrician villas make a striking contrast with the rigid formality of church mosaics that we see elsewhere in Italy.
Pompeii's mosaics all survived the Volcano.

Meanwhile, Asian laborers were invited to take up the work previously carried out by the slaves; their descendants can still be found on the island, particularly around Little London in the west.
The island's economy improved after the end of slavery.

i beg your  we've been talking for a little bit i appreciate the call i enjoyed talking with you
I've enjoyed chatting with you about things like the weather and local sports. 

okay well personally i don't have any children i'm twenty two and i'm doing my Master's at NC State so uh uh children wouldn't be very convenient for me right now
I would like to have children some day after I finish my studies.

And of some guy vomiting up sausage all over the waiter.
A man threw up because of his poor gag reflex.

I can't see why, I said, rather nettled. 
I couldn't see why the reporter quit his job. 

GAO has previously recommended that reorganizations should emphasize an integrated approach; that reorganization plans should be designed to achieve specific, identifiable goals; and that careful attention to fundamental public sector management practices and principles, such as strong financial, technology, and human capital management, are critical to the successful implementation of government reorganizations.
There is no goal that we cannot achieve, as longs as we work hard for it.

But when the economy is actually growing at 3 percent, the statistics will say that it is growing at 2 percent--and yet it cannot grow any faster.
When statistics say the economy is growing at 2 percent people will want it to grow faster. 

GAO will grant congressional Members, upon their written request, access to its workpapers at the GAO site or will provide copies of selected workpapers only after a product that results from the workpapers in question has been made publicly available.
GAO is granting Congressmen from Texas access to their papers.

okay now um what do you think about about the death penalty itself do you think that we should have a death penalty
I think there shouldn't be a death penalty.

But psychiatrists insist that an idea cannot compel even a child to commit suicide.
Psychiatrists believe there are only few causes for a child's suicide.

Like some men who have no formal education, Amos is highly respectful of the printed word.
People with formal education often don't respect printed word.

Now make for the Plaza de Caturla, a small square on the western outskirts of Orihuela.
People meet in the Plaza de Caturla in the evenings.

Men at Work and the columns in Bunts are fresher, less rococo, less pretentious, than his political columns.
Men at Work is more fresh than the columns in Bunts.

oh okay see all right yeah that's the one i was thinking of but i have i've seen quite a few movies i i enjoy them i think that uh it's it's kind of like uh good entertainment an uh an escape type of thing
i really like to watch comedies to escape real life

High on a hill above the village is an odd church actually a clockless clock tower standing over a small chapel dedicated to Our Lady of F?¡tima.
The church above the village is old and stone with gargoyles. 

Beyond this is the King's Closet, where only his intimate entourage would be admitted for evenings of drinking and card games.
There were quarters provided for all of the invited guests of King's Closet.

Last January the Postal Service proposed an array of rate increases designed to generate an additional $2.
With the goal of generating an additional $2 the Postal Service suggested an array of rate increases and the establishment of a VIP service.

Teams, to broaden their knowledge.
It is necessary for them to increase their knowledge.

But the specific sections of communications law that constrain political speech in the electronic media--including provisions for equal time for all candidates--do not apply to the Internet.
Communications law has failed to update itself in accordance with the times.

He moved his capital along with the Stone of Destiny (on which Scottish kings were crowned) to the sacred Pict site of Scone, close to Perth.
The capital was moved with the Stone of Destiny in the 12th century.

A piece claims world population will fall in the next 50 years.
It's been claimed that world population will fall within 50 years, but nobody believes it.

Generalizability We often are asked questions where the customer wants in-depth information that is nationally generalizable, but frequently the issue may not yet be ripe for a national study or we do not have the resources to collect in-depth data from nationally representative samples.
The person submitting a question expects an immediate response.

and uh and the manufacturer recommended that uh he gave me uh i can't remember what the solution was and he said just uh wash your house down with it
Wash your house down with the chemical cleaner.

The Physician's Guide to Helping Patients with Alcohol Problems.
The Guide for Helping Patients with Alcohol Problems, for Physician's, is updated once every three years.   

A window was open to the night, and as Drew stretched out wearily, he could hear the distant tinkle of a guitar, perhaps from the Four Jacks.
The guitar that Drew heard playing from Four Jacks was played by an old barkeep.

a 32902 would have provided NHTSA more information on which to assess the relationship between that section and section
NHTSA was not provided with sufficient information.

pieces that have been around a while i haven't paid much attention to most of the current music what about you
Musically quality and has steadily declined over the years.

the Lakers LA
The Lakers from LA just won the championship.

What is cause for some concern, though, is the peculiar public pedestal upon which they've been placed, especially since Fred now is venturing into the arena of criminal-justice reform.
Fred wants to privatize prisons.

The rule is designed to strengthen the Commission's enforcement of the Children's Television Act of 1990 (CTA).
The rules were voted on before they were implemented. 

We don't aim to argue the matter any.
We don't think we would win an arguement about the matter.

Get into this, she ordered.
She often gave orders.

Then you know where she is?
Then you have been in touch with her?

i haven't noticed it mostly being yeah well i mean well on General Motors cars it was all metric i use my metrics essentially when i work on the cars i don't well i guess uh in changing the oil i guess that's uh i don't even know a nine sixteenths or something like that i don't even remember
There are so many things I can do on a car.

Its volume declined from 7.2 billion pieces in 1990 to
The volume decline was due to the baby boomer generation aging.

Menorca gets big-time package holidaymakers, especially from Great Britain, and beaches and roads get awfully crowded in the height of the summer season, but the island seldom feels frenetic.
Germans make up the second largest group of tourists.

Pasadena soon became a popular resort area.
Pasadena became a popular resort area because of the nice weather.

uh mainly the the books i read are uh business related
Books about business are fun to read.

Ser Perth bent before it, and the door opened silently while he and Dave entered.
The door was fully functioning.

He's staying in the village doing a rest cure, after a bad nervous breakdown. 
The high stress of the situation was too much for him and caused an intense nervous breakdown.

Then he added rather hesitatingly: "Shall we have to appear as witnesses, all of us, I mean?"
He didn't really want to appear as a witness.

Israelis distrust him because he was in the PLO and his brother is a member of Hamas, while Palestinians despise him for cooperating with their enemy, the Israelis.
The PLO has never been helpful to the Palestinians.  

but what what i plan to do in the future is um go ahead and get my upper education as far as my masters and work on my doctorate and teach um college
Sometime soon, I will go to school.

so now she finds the basement sales and just like you know everybody else
She used to buy things regardless of their price.

A bargain!
It is a bargain because it is being sold for such a low price.

At the end of each entry is information about how the destination can be reached.
Each entry is written in an elegant, but easy to read, font.

No, no! Poirot went up to her and pleaded in a low voice. 
Poirot begged that she stay the night at his place.

yes it's enjoyable talking with seeing that somebody feels the same way so well you you too good luck bye-bye
I've really enjoyed our time together so let's talk again soon

Do you remember telling me that my hand shook as I was straightening the ornaments on the mantel-piece?"
You were scared when you moved the ornaments.

And it comes just in time, because technology for making biological weapons is spreading.
Almost every country in the world has the technology to make biological weapons.

exactly right right well and uh you know one thing my wife and i've talked about it are uh private schools
My wife and I are thinking of sending our children to private schools.

Had she run upstairs again? 
Is this the third time she's run upstairs?

yeah It's even getting hard for the four year people to find jobs
Everyone has been hurt by the economy of the nation, jobs are scarce.

you can't trust legislators anyway
I trust the governor.

A piece maps the minefield of New York state politics.
New York state politics are full of arrogant politicians.

I think that getting rid of all guns ...
I think that getting rid of all guns is a bad thing

do you have grandchildren yet
Do you have grown-up grandchildren yet?

She actually did live--and not just for the cameras.
She was a movie star. 

Ponta de Sao Lourenco (moderate; 4 hours): great rock formations, flora, and views of the Atlantic.
Ponta de Sao Lourenco features some of the best views of the Atlantic.

Ah yes, hello Mr. Vice-premier! Wiesio, what's up? It made an impression only on Wojtek, who had serious money probleMs.  'Boss, this is not Mr. Vice-premier, but Chojnacki from accounting.
Wojtek had serious money problems because of his gambling problem. 

You are agitated; you are excited, it is but natural. 
You will feel a range of emotions. 

Of all the good stuff in this issue of SLATE, I'm probably most excited at having the wonderful novelist Muriel Spark writing our diary column.
I'm sure that Muriel Spark's insights and fresh prose will be greatly appreciated by readers.

Apparently, Ben Franklin used to play the guitar.
Ben's father taught him how to play guitar when he was only 3. 

In areas popular with tourists, though, you might find the waiter hovering.
Waiters do not hover in areas unpopular with tourists.

STANDARD COSTS - Predetermined expected unit costs, which are acceptable for financial reporting purposes if adjusted periodically to reflect actual results.
The reports would need to be updated if the costs changed.

Ser Perth, I'm afraid you've made a slight mistake.  "We don't make mistakes in such matters.
Ser Perth, I think you've miscalculated slightly.

I almost wish she'd included more voice-over narration, more commentary on the things that, as a filmmaker, she hasn't learned to bring out.
A more voice-over narration would have been a nice inclusion as it would have added a personal touch to the film.

Well north of Kaanapali Beach, the Mauian is a Hawaiian-owned hotel dating back to 1959, restored to its original ambience.
The Mauian is a Hawaiian-owned hotel that was built in 1959.

Its many supporters argue that the office's expansion of community development work - including helping non-profits incorporate or defend themselves in lawsuits - sets it apart from other agencies.
This office is known for helping non-profits win lawsuits against big corporations. 

Legend has it that all Belur, Halebid, and Somnathpur temples designed by the same architect.
The legend of the architect is fairly unsubstantiated.

 I'd like a/an/some  Quisiera  
I think it would help me.

In the summer, get there by noon or you won't see a thing.
Summer is when the most people visit.

Two major festivals, Assumption Day on 15 August and Annunciation Day on 25 March, see thousands of believers crawling up the hill from the port to worship the icon.
In addition to worshiping the icon the believers will pray too.

That means the responsibility for giving is greater now than ever.
It is now greater due to the fact of the wage gap and poverty levels.

An article condemns President Clinton for ingratitude toward his loyal vice president.
President Clinton was not grateful enough to any of his staffers.

I will not read the details of the coup that was planned.
The part about the coup was too troubling for me.

you know to learn how to be a a father and a parent
You will be a great parent.

so we're you know going talking to some of our friends that are landscapers and things and learning about different kinds of grass we trying to go grow grass and it just seems so funny to me that when i grew up in Missouri and you didn't have to worry about growing grass there it just happened automatically
Growing grass can actually be a pain in the butt. 

Beresford speaking.
Beresford is talking to someone else.

Exactly. He unlocked a little drawer, and took out some photographs which he laid on the table. 
Five photos were laid on the table.

standard we usually don't or if it it is a purchase uh then it's paid off when the bill comes you know so it isn't any extended uh it may be that i picked up something at the store but then when the bill comes we always pay it off then so it's not any you know uh build up on the charge cards at all
Do you have multiple credit cards?

Agencies that expect their employees to take greater responsibility and be held accountable for results must ensure that the employees have the training and tools they need to fulfill these expectations.
Employees must have training, good wages, and tools to be accountable, or they will not be able to be accountable for results.

She crumpled it up into a ball and threw it into the grate, and made a sort of noise like 'Whoop!'  
She threw the ball into the grate so no one could get it

I said at last.
I said it best.  

i hate it almost as much as i do France
France has been a horrible place for me. 

We started walking on two legs between 6 million and 4 million years ago, tool-making began 2.5 million years ago, and our brains grew dramatically between 2 million and 1 million years ago.
We became bipedal walkers 5 million years ago.

Meantime, she has graduated from Coppin State College, works as a drug and alcohol counselor, left subsidized housing and plans to start work on a master's degree this year.
She is persuing a masters's degree in alcohol and drug counseling.

The other whipmaster, carrying a heavy sword and small stretched leather shield, took more time.
The other demon whipmaster took more time and he was carrying a sword and a shield.

but really it's pitiful
It never changes.

And, when the no-shift elasticities of the basic and workshared product are the same, the gains become even smaller and the peak becomes very pronounced.
Smaller gains and more pronounced peaks aren't what you want with the product.

Federal employees should be viewed not as costs to be cut, but as assets to be valued.
Federal employees are often viewed as a cost to cut.

an even even if it's just a little bit yeah
Even if there is nearly nothing.

It must act to replace all or most of the $2.
I lost the $2.

Now that the background material he sent to Congress has been released, the press has become interested in whether Linda Tripp doctored her tapes and whether Starr's agents and prosecutors improperly detained Lewinsky or misrepresented their treatment of her in the Jan.
It was later proven that Linda had doctored her tapes.

Since everyone who matters presumably knows all about who backs the Milliken Men and why, why does their advice still get taken?
It seems the advice they give is not very accurate.

and um i mean but she was truly she was truly aware i mean i i didn't i don't know how i would how i would deal if if one of my parents came with with Alzheimer's or something like that which is which is far more devastating
She was lucid, at least--I don't know how much she was there, but it wasn't like she had Alzheimer's.

The unofficial spin, from James  Jones is a puppet of greedy right-wingers, and besides, Clinton is whipping her in the polls.
Clinton is in first place in the polls.

and boy there are kids in this this little section of Plano that we're in we're surrounded less than a mile we have six different centers to our at our disposal so
There are kids in Plano that go to these centers because they're just blocks from their homes.

Rather than compromise, the king fled Paris in a vain effort to join up with armed forces hostile to the Revolution.
The king ran away from Paris  and took his weapon to fight in the Revolution.

If the president mortgages our future by weakening defense, the price of land will fall.
If defense were weakened, there are other ways for land to retain its value.

Home-made floats made their way through the main street, accompanied by ticker tape and thrown confetti.
The homemade floats were fun to look at.

Maybe it's time you taught me what an old deserter could possibly teach.
Can the old deserter teach me about battle?

These levels are common and well accepted levels for this type of analysis and are presented as a recommended minimum significance level for toxicity test data analysis.
One should always expect these levels for this type of analysis.

The civil war developed into one of the great causes of the 20th century, with support for both sides pouring in from outside of Spain.
The civil war developed into a great case because so many people were in volved.

Each local ironic effect has to be placed precisely
Each local area has a specialty dish that is available at every coffee shop.

Now--the Sather Karf told you what you were to do, of course, but--"  "Wait a minute," Dave suggested.
Now, simply do as you were told by the Sather Karf.

everything blooming and and the weather and uh think a lot of people have contracted uh spring fever too so had a lot of people out at work you know for fishing and and uh golf reasons and things like that
This has been the nicest January we have ever seen and it's giving people major spring fever. 

Effective for Fiscal Periods  Ending 
The fiscal period runs from January to March 2004.

John (Peter Sarsgaard), one of his future rapists and murderers, calls him little buddy and seems almost attracted to him; Sarsgaard's performance is a finely chiseled study of how unresolved emotion can suddenly resolve itself into violence.
There are a number of critics who felt that Sarsgaard turned in an incredible performance.

Toward this end, LSC has recently initiated activities to develop more appropriate strategies and mechanisms to gather and to quantify data on all of the work -- cases and matters, regardless of funding source -- being performed by its grantees.
On top of gathering and quantifying data, LSC seeks to do this eventually for non-grantees as well.

Since it had started so promising, he finished a six-pack of beer and threw himself onto the bed to calmly think up new ideas.
He could only afford to drink a six pack of beer.

Some patients treated in emergency departments need more intensive treatment such as inpatient or outpatient therapy or participation in self-help groups.
The ER can't give some weight-loss patients everything they need.

There was an elderly woman who had some plumbing work done to her home and the work was not up to standards and the cost was above what it should have been ...
The elderly woman wasn't sure how to negotiate with other plumbers and was taken advantage of as a result.

Any fino will make a good aperitif.
A fino can influence the outcome.

And, and, and George Bush, Moynihan stammered.
Moynihan is talking about politics.

it was a mess for the little one so
The little one would not recover after this quickly due to the mess.

you prepare a lot of vegetables and there's lots of different casseroles and things so you just make you just
the casseroles only include vegetable ingredients

In the period 1980 through 1986, for example, and again 1993 through 2000, the annual rate of decline was only 1.7 percent.
Between 1986 and 1993, there were events that happened to increase the annual rate of decline.

Customer involvement is important to first make senior executives aware of differing or competing expectations and to then build partnerships and coalitions to reach mutual understanding of the issues.
Customer involvement makes executives aware of serviec expectations.

The mare, after a first nervous start, stood easy under his sure and gentle hands.
The mare was just under four years old.

Some have argued that the mission of the visa function is primarily related to homeland security and that therefore the function should be located within the proposed department.
The mission of the visa function was discussed by some people, but the argument was useless.

As a practical matter this may be unavoidable.
As a practical matter this may be unavoidable because they already know.

But, if it's all so long ago, and the war's over, what does it matter now?"
The war in question ended sometime in the 1950s.

Service members may not approve their own absence reports unless prior authority to do so is granted in writing by an authorized official.
Service members can't approve their own vacation reports unless an official says they can.

93 "Frankly, things look bad for him.
Things look pretty uncertain for him.

Nails welded or hammered facing up.
The nails were designed to injure people.

That, at any rate, was what I was telling them.
I told them the budget would not be viable for this district.

I have one objection to FDA Smoke Rings, by Jack  The regulation of tobacco doesn't mean that adults are living in a childproof world.
The regulation of tobacco doesn't mean that adults are living in a childproof world may be questioned.

Since Orange is the gateway to Provence, make an appropriate entrance into town from the north, at the imposing three-arched arc de triomphe.
You should stop at the arc the triomphe before entering the town.

The debate in Kansas over the teaching of evolution misses the real debates within the field.
The debate in Kansas over the teaching of evolution is mainly between experts.

Given the steady decline in the personal saving rate, it is doubtful that Americans would willingly reduce consumption so much that the nation would be at risk of saving too much.
The personal saving rate is decreasing 3% each year.

A good omen.
The omen signaled a bountiful harvest.

I have no authority to go through these papers. 
I don't have the authority to look at classified papers.

[S]he tries in vain to pass off tired observations as radical aperaus, subjective musings as general truths, sappy suggestions as useful ideas, writes the New York Times ' Michiko Kakutani.
Michiko Kakutani wrote in the New York Times that they try in vain to pass off tired observations as general truths, and the critics agreed.

Ninety-five percent of the total amount of sulfur dioxide allowances allocated each year under Section 423 will be allocated based on the amount of sulfur dioxide allowances allocated under the Acid Rain Program for 2010 and thereafter and that are held in allowance accounts in the Allowance Tracking System on the date 180 days after enactment.
Most of the sulfur dioxide that is allowed are controlled by the Acid Rain Program.

let me move as far away as possible
I need to move to place that is far from here.

Sidestepping the stagnant economic burden of Spanish domination, the sparsely populated duchy expanded quickly.
Avoiding Spain's army of 50,000 the duchy expanded.

Under the Department of Housing and Urban Development' enforcement program, tenants may not avoid eviction simply by claiming ignorance of the crime or an inability to stop it.
This policy was changed in 2016.

land or something
Land, water, or something.

The fishing is excellent, and some companies will even set up a barbeque so that you can enjoy your catch the same day.
It costs less money to cook your fish on your own that to use one of the company barbecues. 

Napoleon Bonaparte, with his seductive ideas of Italian  independence,  was welcomed after driving out the Austrians and Spanish in 1797.
50,000 Italian lives were lost in the eviction of the Austrians.

The other?I met a swordsman yesterday who agreed to help us, another northerner.
A swordsman was eager to help.

There was now nothing to do but to wait.
There was nothing to do but wait for the storm to pass.

um-hum oh that's true i hadn't thought of it that way i think
Some people I know had thought of it that way.

Participants offered that an artful blend of both principles and rules would be useful.
Participants offered that an artful blend of both oranges and bananas can actually be quite useful

This paper focuses on changes the United States Postal Service would make if it had the freedom to position itself to withstand competition in all of its markets.
The paper says the USPS should be able to beat the competition. 

AGA is an educational organization dedicated to the enhancement of public financial management.
AGA is dedicated to makin the public more financially responsible.

And in a post-acquittal Washington Post survey, 48 percent still say Clinton should face criminal charges at some point.
Some people think Clinton should face criminal charges for being so adorable.

But money" Tuppence warmed to her pet creed "well, there's nothing unsatisfactory about money, is there?"
Tuppence is a greedy money hungry person.

It's basic truth in advertising.
The point of advertising is to sell products.

i guess what worries me about jogging is that i hear that it's very hard on your body and and that you know you can end up getting hurt worse
I have injured myself before when I used to run marathons.

GPRA requires first that agencies consult with Congress and other stakeholders to clearly define their missions.
The GPRA heavily interferes with decision making regarding missions by agents.

In order to obtain more comments regarding the possible requirement for control of combustion chamber deposits in the final rule and to seek more public input in other areas involving the certification testing and various implementation and enforcement provisions, a Notice of Reopening of the Comment Period was published on December 28, 1994.
They want to get more comments about a requirement for power plants.

Bradley, he is, you know, the type of individual who has always been fair.
All this while, Bradley has been objective and discerning, but what happened to him now?

The nearby Eglise Notre Dame also combines Flemish architecture with a Renaissance porch.
Renaissance architecture was inspired mainly by Michelangelo and Raphael.

um i don't agree with that i don't agree because i think that they are pretty vocal about it in in uh Africa i think the y've made a lot more changes hey they've their very vocal
They don't stay quiet in Africa. 

James and Hemingway give way to the shabby backdrops of John Le Carre's novels.
Compared to Hemingway and James authors who are famous for their descriptive backdrops in their books, John Le Carre's holds very little appeal as he chooses to focus on the development of the characters and plot. 

He interviews the adoring mom.
The mom adores being on tv.

The search for a modern Cagney is a vain one--nobody could compare to him.
There is no good comparison to Cagney.

As part of its first agencywide strategic planning effort, FEMA comprehensively reviewed its programs and structures and initiated a major reorganization in November 1993.
FEMA reorganized their programs to be more cost effective.

The specific control activities used by a given agency may be different from those
Different agencies have different cost control activities.

It seemed vaguely familiar to Tommy, but he thrust the impression aside as impossible.
Tommy assumed he was simply seeing things.

So it's kind of a problem.
It's kind of a problem because it involves dangerous people.

Scientific studies, however, have reliably linked atmospheric emissions of sulfur, nitrogen, and mercury to a much wider range of other environmental and ecological effects.
The environmental and ecological effects have severe consequences for humanity.

because i was watching CNN and they would they would switch back to one of their Israel bureaus and the people would be standing there in gas masks and you'd be hearing the sirens and it was just i was amazed
CNN would switch to news on Israel throughout the day.

(without fringe benefits) was $24,076 for full-time U.S. workers in that year.
Fringe benefits are not included for federal workers.

MANAGERIAL COST ACCOUNTING SYSTEM - The organization and procedures, whether automated or not, and whether part of the general ledger or stand-alone, that accumulates and reports consistent and reliable cost information and performance data from various agency feeder systems.
Business decisions are made from managerial cost accounting system information.

The bandits parted with laughter as the man with the sword swung.
The bandits were amused, as the short man's sword flailed wildly.

The jumping-off point for this popular vacation area is the town of Atami, about an hour from Tokyo on the shinkansen super-express train.
It can take several hours to travel from Tokyo to Atami by bus. 

do you when you go to the Texans i have to ask you and if this is getting to  we're not supposed to get too particular but i'm just curious
We're not supposed to ask too many questions about that.

It has made it more anxiety-inducing.
Applying for the job was very scary. 

Each wing isathen divided into numbered areas, which are shown on the floor plans (in color).
The floor plan shows many things, including the numbered areas.

yeah  the hard work yeah it's
The hard work is worth the payoff.

Surprisingly, the $10 million spectacular isn't Broadway's all-time biggest flop.
The color purple was expected to flop at it's first premiere. 

and anyway uh where uh oh we're talking about the size of the company yeah it was uh about eight or nine thousand people when i got here it has in the past gotten up to eighty six thousand we're not we're that high right now
The company has grown very big since I got here.

For business, Hong Kong is still a good place to make money , an increasing amount of which will come from China.
China has an increasing amount of money.

yes sir have a great day bye-bye
I hope you have a nice evening.

Should I push the issue, or just let sleeping dogs lie and wait for him to act like a man and make his own decisions?
Should I let him make up his own mind about adopting a child of our own?

The answer here is probably yes as well, even though private-sector firms would say no on both points.
Private-sector firms disagree because they dispute the data provided. 

With the help of UNESCO a new high-tech depository has been built on a site on the Corniche, east of the central square.
UNESCO was to sole provider of the depository that it built.

Luxurious recent addition to Eilat with large well-equipped rooms, many with wonderful views across the Gulf of Aqaba.
The addition has lots of great views of the ships coming across the gulf.

The ground floor dates from 1467, and the beautifully sculpted wooden facade of the superstructure from 1589.
The ground floor was built in the Summer of 1467.

'Shame you work for the mafia, then,' I replied.
I said i want no part of the mafia to him. 

LSC promotes the use of technology to remove barriers to access by establishing seamless intake systems that cover an entire state.
LSC makes innovative technology 

It hovered at the edge of a great new hole and seemed to be wobbling, careening and losing its balance.
It seemed that a slight bump would send it tumbling down.

Not now, not now, mon ami. 
We can't do that right now, we have to wait until tomorrow.

There is a discussion of the current costs of transplantation and the analysis concludes that the final rule will not substantially raise the costs.
The final rule might raise costs by a very small amount.

It's worth taking a day's drive or a few days of walking to seek them out.
They can only be found here, so it's worth it.

Russian Orthodox nuns oversee the church and its grounds.
The nuns are happy to tend to the grounds.

Maybe just 'Mr. White,' would be better.
Mr. White sounded more American, thus better.

Why read this crap, then?
This is crap you shouldn't read.

The document itself, said the German bluntly.
The piece of paper itself, said the German bluntly.

i think it depends on what part of the state
The part of the state makes a difference. 

I can't make anyone hear."
There is no way for me to get their attention.

Statement of David M. Walker Comptroller General of the United States
The statement was made in print.

Long Beach boasts some 50 murals, many dating from the New Deal era of the 1930s.
Long Beach has a mural of a cityscape painted in 1930.

Whatever the merits of this idea--and there are some--it does not address the problem at hand.
The idea should be improved to address the problem.

Allowances will be allocated based on the units' baseline heat input multiplied by standard emission rates that vary depending on the fuel combusted by the units.
Allowances are based on the baseline heat of the unit and multiplied based on emission rates.

A hombre gits tired readin' labels on cans.
A hombre doesn't like to use his brain.

Holding elective office, he explained, is not the only way to help others.
He thinks that holding an elected position is still one way to make life better for other people.

yeah which is why for centuries you know hundreds of years the British and the French had so much influence in there because they'd go in and they'd win something
For hundreds of years the British and French had a lot of influence in the Ottoman empire.

I crept over to my coat and took out the magazine, and an odd envelope or two that I had shoved in.
My coat is plaid. 

In five minutes his woes were forgotten.
He eventually remembered his woes again.

When Norm called in June to ask if I would participate in an R2000-1 postmortem conference, I agreed on the condition that (1) I speak before Gene and (2) that I not be subjected to Florida's erratic weather.
Norm asked if I would go to the conference in Texas.

The McCains go in to chat up the employees and buy a blue-and-white patchwork quilt.
The patchwork quilt that the McCains bought made them happy.

At 8:02am on 8 May, Pelee erupted titanically.
Pelee erupted last May.

Many people are willing to serve higher goals and the selection process needs to go beyond its usual pool of suspects.
There are more people willing this year than there was two years ago.

I haven't strenuously objected to my love's praise for people such as Tom DeLay and (I'm serious here) G. Gordon Liddy because of the terrific time we're having and the incredible sex we share.
I feel very differently about people such as G. Gordon Liddy than does my love. 

Conservatives noted their disagreements with him but remembered him as a man of principle and a truly nice guy.
Conservatives said they had disagreements with him over health care but that he was a moral guy.

Certainly tenure was in the bag for these fellows after coming up with the formula, though it probably was likely for them anyway.
The formula for the discovery of the atom splitting definitely guaranteed their tenure. 

i said opposing viewpoints
I wanted opposing viewpoints so we could debate them.

The market is open from Monday to Saturday from early in the morning until late afternoon; the best time to visit is on a Friday or Saturday, when fishermen, farmers, and traders from all over the island pour into town.
There aren't many fish in the market during Monday.

yeah that was very good um he was in The Untouchables too
I think he was in The Untouchables.

Roans six.
There were six, although he wasn't one hundred percent positive.

and i was doing it just keep them occupied
I wanted to keep them out of the way.

an appointment say at eight thirty and she has to be all the way across town at her office at eight thirty then she needs to have them ride the bus one way and i'll get off in time to hopefully pick both of them up and not have the day care center in the other direction but uh just a myriad of of possibilities that these people have to serve so they have a myriad of pay structures but uh it it can get expensive most of them run uh
She doesn't have enough time to get where she needs to be most days.

The elegant classical 18th-century cloisters make a poignant contrast with the Romanesque church.
The combination of classical, 18th-century cloisters and the Romanesque church design is interesting.

um-hum crepes yeah
Crepes are french food.

and i just i got about like a hundred pages through it and realized i had like a thousand more i thought i can't do this
I have a hard time sitting still and reading in one sitting.

The regal, extravagant Comedor de Gala (Ceremonial Dining Room), built for the wedding of Alfonso XII and his second wife, Maria Cristina in 1879, seats 145 guests.
Comedor de Gala has not been used sense the wedding for which it was built.

It probably didn't make much difference what he did now or who had him; time was running out for this world.
There is not a lot of time left.

Outside the center, shops may close by 5:30 or 6pm and all day Sunday, with late-night shopping until 8pm on Thursday.
Sunday is a sacred time here, so the shops are closed all day.

But the wound was already healing.
The wound was beginning to visibally heal already.

Chief Financial Officers (CFO) Act of 1990 (Public Law 101-576) provides a framework for improving federal government financial systems.
The legal framework provided by the CFO Act 1990 is the first of its kind concerning federal government financial systems.

Air Daily, For Now, Labor Capable of Meeting SCR Demand, Clear Air Regulations and Markets   
For now labor is capable of meeting clean air regulations due to voter pressure. 

That is why we're here.
Our reason for being here is a good one. 

Suppose that you hear someone making what sounds like a dumb argument, but you know that he has an impressive track record at market or economic prediction.
The person may have been lucky in their previous predictions.

Until very, very recently, LSC programs were organized and operated pretty much as they had a quarter of a century ago.
LSC programs have finally be revolutionized.

The main difference between these congressional Republicans and Pat Buchanan is that none of them have been thoughtful enough to apply their beliefs to World War II, or politically foolish enough to mention it if they have.
Congressional Republicans were stubbornly applying their beliefs to World War I.

Oh, I know what I'm talking about. 
Oh, I can prove it to you.

What is wrong with the orrery? he asked.
He asked everyone around what the hell was wrong with the orrery.

We can no longer do it for $20, said Alpaugh Irrigation board president Steve Martin.
The pamphlets can no longer be sold for only $20. 

The enormous personal popularity of this good-natured but tough king from the Pyrenees proved vital for healing the wounds from the bitter wars.
His personal popularity made other rulers more inclined to consent to trade agreements that they wouldn't have otherwise.

Accordingly, they monitored numerous factors associated with their security programs, and they used the results to identify needed improvements.
There are a lot of different aspects to it.

oh really do you smoke
Do you smoke a pipe?

Aha, Mieczyslaw said quietly, and Janina squeezed his hand, and then stroked it gently without realizing what she was doing, simply because she needed to connect with this poor man.
Janina knew that Mieczyslaw was sad and needed encouragement.

He stabbed one through the eye and kicked another with a powerful skull crushing round kick.
He took his knife and stabbed one through the eye after making a crushing blow with a powerful round kick.

alrighty you too thank you bye bye
You thanked me.

The impact of this seasonal influx of tourists (mainly German, British, and French) has been dramatic.
The summer season is the most popular tourist season.

Breakfast?" The girl nodded.
She ate an apple and two pancakes for breakfast.

well i believe in capital punishment um and i i think the way that i understand the laws right now they are only for certain crimes um i'm not sure exactly what they are i think rape and uh
I think capital punishment is for rape as well as other crimes.

because it's pretty scary when you own a home and you know
you never know what may happen to your home

Regulatory Impact Analysis for the Final Regional Haze Rule.
The Analysis is 3,600 pages long.

He was replaced as caliph by his cousin, whose powers were strictly limited by secular laws, until that position, too, was abolished in 1924.
The position of caliph was regarded as purely ceremonial. 

The reaction of Native Americans to those movies may have been different.
The movies had various implications of Native Americans.

Slate ! After installing Corel's WordPerfect I was even able to write this column on Linux in Linux.
WordPerfect is the best word processing software.

All congressionally requested products will have a targeted issuance date.
The products congress requests will have an issuance date stamped on them.

His blockmate confesses to  Wachtler takes the occasion to celebrate the Miranda warning.
The Miranda warning was his saving grace.

uh-huh well that's interesting
I would like to learn more. 

A Note on the Impact of Hedonics and Computers on Real GDP.
It included an extensive report on computers.

Second, the coastal swells here are extremely dangerous, preventing the swimming activities and water sports so beloved by visitors.
Visitors do not often visit the shoreline because of dangerous coastal swells.

In those days l'universit?? meant merely a collection of people ' students who met on a street corner, or in a public square or courtyard, to hear a teacher lecture from a bench, or from an upstairs window or balcony.
L'Université still has the same meaning as it did in the past.

Second, further work would likely allow us to develop, for a higher percentage of outbound DC mail, (1) estimates of the domestic postage costs that would be incurred if the Postal Service paid domestic postage instead of terminal dues and, (2) the outbound mail revenues associated with such mail flows.
Further work would allow us to develop by 50% more than we currently are.

i liked Rainman i thought i thought it was interesting that he was doing something
The interesting part about Rainman was he was doing something to help people with his condition.

well that those are some of the things that are very important to us too um
There are many things that are important to us.

yeah that that's sort of the way i feel too i don't know what else we just saw something recently
I don't quite agree with you. 

224 "By the way, Julius," she remarked demurely, "I haven't given you my answer yet."
She reconsidered Julius' proposal, and was ready to accept it.

yeah i imagine so well everybody it seems like everyone is so particular especially in the Dallas area there there's so much money and everyone can afford they have enough leisure time to afford a nice lawn and
I wish I had the money to landscape.

Tonic with the extract of an urban puddle, he said and Lola ran to the bathroom to test the efficiency of the 137th acne treatment of her life.
Lola got another acne treatment to improve her skin.

Inappropriate selection of this technique as real issue may not be specific problem.
This technique involves casting bones or dice to pick a location.

wow do you have time to do that in your job
Do you have time to swim that much with your job?

An example of targeted outreach is the posting of an advertisement for order-of-protection clinics in domestic violence shelters and family counseling agencies.
Posted advertisements are inexpensive but also minimally effective.

The finely arched front doors are often at the top of a sturdy staircase over the street-level cellar.
They used architectural principles when they built cellar front doors.

Barik roared again but caught nothing but air with his next blow.
Barik was outmatched and missed his opponent.

Click to read a letter to the editor criticizing the original version.
All letters to the editor are critical.

Yes, sir. Tommy smoothed out the note thoughtfully.
The note was a doodle of Tommy riding a space ship.

A straight spine is something Evita did have that Madonna and most others now either lack or choose not to show off.
Evita's harsh political commentary was often lauded by fans.

It is possible to achieve better results at lower costs,
The lower costs were only available in some regions.

Missed our link to the sidebar recapping the Ravenswood case?
People who missed the sidebar can find information about it elsewhere.

Her appearance presented a valiant attempt at smartness.
She was smartly dressed.

Sheppard, Time ). Skeptics renew old attacks on sociobiology's all-encompassing view of human nature.
Skeptics bring out old attacks on the scientific field again.

You could interpret that as a story about well-meaning do-gooders who hurt the very people they're trying to help, but such an interpretation would be hard to defend.
The story was about people who were hurt intentionally.

that's that's a common feeling i i i empathize because um i well i'm real glad my husband knows something about cars but when i go in i feel really at a loss
My husband takes care of all the car stuff.

(Here, again, Huntington conflates with other explanatory variables.)
Huntington has extensively studying this field of research.

oh he wanted to take the current secondary highway system and
He always admired the highway system.

It now hangs on an electric cable to be hoisted above harm's way should another flood ever happen.
The last flood ruined all the cables.

uh no i started in nineteen fifty nine i
It was many years ago.

And it makes an already litigious society more so, afflicting more and more people with onerous discovery, bottomless legal expenses, and grotesque but legal invasions of privacy.
Legal expenses account for a lot of bankruptcy. 

A few days later the king was dead, leaving a week-old baby girl to inherit the Scottish crown.
When the king was poisoned by a rival country, a week-old baby girl inherited the Scottish crown.

that's an excellent movie
That movie was awesome, I want to watch it again.

sounds sounds sort of like The Incredible Journey
The Incredible Journey is about an Incredible walk.

Jon saw Vrenna hurl herself at the fifth rider, both short swords held across her chest and over her shoulders.
She was determined to take him down.

Tommy was equally afflicted.
Tommy was not feeling so great about it.

LSC's primary goals for the calendar year 2002 grants competition are to refine the Request for Proposal (RFP), simplify the applicant process for competing for LSC grants, and obtain applicant information essential to maintaining a quality legal services delivery system.
LSC's goals are to simplify the application process to make it available to all.

I think I got all my gray hair in the two weeks after that, he said.
He got the grey hair from all the stress.

For example, users of financial reports are interested in a company's overall performance and outlook and, accordingly, would be interested in the effectiveness of internal control over the process that produces that data.
Financial report users are more interested than others in evaluating the internal controls.

In exactly the same way, Mrs. Inglethorp had laid down her cup of coffee on reaching her room the night before, and the treacherous table had played her the same trick. 
The tables in Mrs. Inglethorp's house are treacherous

Emergency department interventions are consistent with the No Wrong Door to Treatment theme of the National Treatment Plan.
This policy has a poor success rate but it is politically expedient.

Dean Bridge carries the main road over the Water; it was designed and built by Thomas Telford, one of Scotland's greatest civil engineers.
While well designed originally, the bridge has fallen into disrepair. 

What is it? said the brown man.
The sad, tall brown man asked what the problem was. 

A timely expenditure of tax revenues might just work wonders.
A timely expenditure might work wonders, but only for the elderly.

just shouldn't be allowed to to even even live uh about the issue about sentencing by the judge
The issue about sentencing by the judge was corruption.

Miss Finn, he said, "this is your cousin, Mr. Julius P.
Miss Finn was astonished that he had found her cousin, Julius.

i guess yeah yeah we have done that but but we camped mostly when the kids were little we were in we were in New Jersey
The kids enjoyed camping when we were in New Jersey.

I took a seat.
I sat down at the back of the bus. 

The two towns were united in 1856.
It took decades of negotiation and conflict, but the towns were finally united.

Jon and Susan ate breakfast.
In addition to having breakfast, Jon and Susan also enjoyed large glasses of orange juice.

4) Except for the barcode discount, Periodicals rates are not based on shape or machinability.
Book rates vary 

To date, the program has identified about 260 different types of failures, such as main landing gear tires wearing out more quickly than planned, fasteners being damaged, and canopy delaminating.
The landing gear tires wear out twice as fast as planned.

The strange permeating influence of the unseen chief held it together.
The chief was able to restore peace for many years.

um i spent a lot of time with her when i was home uh she'd always be the one you know sitting on my lap or being close to me and the two guys would be off uh uh playing someplace but it seems like whenever i wanted to do something like go out  for the kids and uh she'd always say well i want to go to my girlfriend's house or i want to stay home and do this or she had like little projects she was working on at home and things like that so i i kind of missed that um i my daughter especially uh being with her
She had little projects at home and at her girlfriends so she didn't want to do things with me and the two guys.

Kelantan Kite Festival takes advantage of favorable winds to stage state-wide kite-flying contests .
The Kelantan Kite Festival is not possible without favorable winds.

'You were right.' I pushed into her flat without thinking- I'm allowed to do that.
I used my key to go into the apartment.

THE NATURE OF STEWARDSHIP REPORTING
there is stewardship reporting for nonprofits

Ca'daan and Adrin watched the riders leave, heading north with fresh provisions.
Adrin say the riders carrying lots of food.

In recognition of these tensions, LSC has worked diligently since 1995 to convey the expectations of the State Planning Initiative and to establish meaningful partnerships with stakeholders aimed at fostering a new symbiosis between the federal provider and recipients of legal services funding.
Meaningful partnerships with stakeholders is crucial.

Some force brought them together.
An unseen force brought them together in dispair.

Forbes : I'm an independent outsider.
The person is very outspoken

Hari Raya Haji : Muslim families celebrate the return of pilgrims from their journey to Mecca.
Hari Raya Haji is a muslim holiday similar to Thanksgiving.

The initiated will appreciate the significance, others the mysterious atmosphere of its cream-colored gnomons (the uprights of sundials), quadrants, and sextants.
There's a lot to learn fro this environment, and many tools to study it with.

East of Marseilles lies an area of rugged, narrow inlets called calanques that are favorites of hikers, mountain climbers, scuba divers, cliff divers, yachters, swimmers, and bird-watchers.
The calanques east of Marseilles is a favorite area for sunbathers.

Nearby Ennoji boasts a remarkable group of sculptures representing Enma (the Lord of Hell) and his judges.
Nearby Ennoji has sculptures of Enma and other deities.

he was really funny
He was funny, but I think it's only because he had a good crowd.

uh-huh yeah that well that's true it's very cheap to make a slapstick movie
Slapstick movies are somewhat cheap to make.

Those papers were my trust.
You took my papers.

King Street is the heart of the downtown area and the main shopping street.
The King Street area is taxed at a higher rate than the rest of the country.

Each chapter lists audit objectives, commonly expected documentation, detailed audit questions, and references to federal regulations and guidance.
In Corporate Tax 101 for Dummies, each chapter contains comprehensive information.

he oh he liked right if it tasted good yeah  uh
He liked breakfast if it tasted good.

Safire notes that Steve and Cokie Roberts were there too, facts confirmed by the husband-and-wife team on CNN's Late Edition and This Week , respectively.
Steve and Cokie Roberts never go anywhere without eachother. 

He is simply he.
Pronouns are sometimes difficult to follow, so he chooses to use the word 'he' out of simplicity.

Nor is it the result of the benign policies of national governments, which are as callous and corrupt as ever.
The benign policies of national governments, such as Canada are as corrupt as ever.

At nearby Oriago, the Palladian style can be seen in Villa Gradenigo, and at Mira, in the 18th-century Villa Widmann.
Villa Widmann was built in August of 1859.

George Deukmejian reporting that there are 2,000 gated communities in Los Angeles when there are, in fact, 100.
Deukemjian is a fool and a liar, and deserves to be strung by his balls.

yeah it's it's made very c lear upon hiring
The dress code rules are given to you upon acceptance of the job offer.

oh i guess i i just you know i always i have always tried to sew and uh i didn't like the way it looked so i'd never wear anything but now i i really have bought some uh new sewing equipment i bought the Serger machine
I tried to sew a dress.

they're great okay
Yeah the teams great.

Green flames, appearing blue in San'doro's second sight, rose through the roofs and exploded out of the shuttered windows.
Green flames came through the windows of the house.

Rome followed up defeat of the Carthaginians with large-scale massacres and enslavement of their Italian supporters.
Rome did not care for any of its supporters.

Osaka will win no urban beauty contests, but there are plenty of sights to see here, including a couple of interesting museums, a remarkable aquarium, and an underground shopping complex that might be the world's largest.
The underground shopping mall was paid for with tax dollars.

Pistols? This seemed to interest Adrin.
Adrin was a collector of pistols.

His two ramming rods were set, each ready to slide a fresh paper capsule into the guns in a mere moment.
He got his gun ready to fire on the crowd.

The sheet was blank! 
The pen ran out of ink so I couldn't write anything on the sheet. 

Chelimsky, Eleanor, and J. Dahmann.
Chelimsky is arguing with Eleanor.

In addition, saving can be invested abroad without lowering the global rate of return.
Saving can be invested locally, with some effects on global rate of return.

Rather than being technical experts specifically, their CIOs intuitively understand IT principles and trends and act as strategists, applying technology and approaches skillfully to help resolve or overcome daunting business challenges.
CIOs can address all IT issues.

But at least most of them did something important earlier in their careers--and probably something dangerous, to boot.
The writing career of Edward Melon flourished after he published the risky pieces on his personal blog. 

A variety of changes at the individual, system, and policy level will be needed to accomplish this goal.
10 changes and sign-offs from all the department heads will be necessary to reach the goal.

Nothing, he said.
He was upset and didn't want to say anything.

(Contest  Best punch line e-mailed to the Shopping Avenger will be rewarded by public mention in this space, plus a lifetime supply of Turtle Wax, if the Shopping Avenger can figure out what Turtle Wax is.)
The best punch line will be rewarded by mention and a lifetime supply of Turtle Wax the greatest ski wax on Earth.

uh to one level down from assistant description
This is an invaluable position in terms of workplace proficiency.

um what's what's the uh consensus down there when when uh TI announced that uh the drug testing program did you get a lot of uh animosity against that
The drug testing program is very important for those who are suffering from dementia.

um-hum yeah but i can remember remember back growing up my mother i mean it was she always worked but it wasn't that easy for her to just take off
Growing up my mother had 3 jobs.

The size of the mortality risk estimates from these epidemiological studies, the serious nature of the effect itself, and the high monetary value ascribed to prolonging life make mortality risk reduction the most important health endpoint quantified in this analysis.
The mortality risk decreases as you spend more money.

Reiben (Burns) and Mellish want to blow him away, but the translator--who has almost never fired a gun--protests vigorously that such an act would be a war crime and that the German must be taken prisoner or freed.
Burns and Mellish have no fury in punishing germans

A hotel court will probably be your best chance for a game of tennis, but it may not be possible to hire balls and racquets.
The best time for you to play that game of tennis is just before dark.

I have the head of a sieve. 
I broke my sieve.

The essential piece of jewelry in India, however, is the bangle.
All the women in India wear bangles.

BLM implemented a balanced approach to manage its senior executive performance to focus attention and accountability on organizational priorities, make resource allocations, and minimize employee frustration.
BLM's implementation of a balanced approach to managing its senior executive performance was a huge success, and has been implemented by many other companies since.

But contemporary women can have it both ways.
With today's society, the contemporary woman can have it their way.

sure but um yeah i'm not sure how much the water pollution is is directly related to the air pollution other than acid rain yeah
Water pollution is directly related to groundwater contamination.

The exact shape of the curve depends on the specific set of parameters used to benchmark the model, such as the proportion of fixed costs at a specific per capita volume.
Each graph is created from different parameters

On traditional QandA shows like Meet the Press , journalists must pretend that they are neutral observers who have no opinion about the subject at hand.
Unfortunately, shows like Meet the Press force journalists into a acting like neutral observers.

The silence of the place was dispiriting.
The place used to be busy.

I've always felt that if anyone was to run Mr. Brown to earth, Peel Edgerton would be the man.
Peel Edgerton never like Mr. Brown and was owed money by him.

no i haven't i don't know if i've even heard of that one it must have uh what's his name in it
That must have had Sylvester Stallone in it.

Kirby stopped you, but next time that could lead to real trouble."
Kirby protected him and made sure that he didn't get in trouble.

um-hum well that's amazing how i used to when i was in college i used to have the stereo on all the time or i had on MTV or something but ever since i've been out of college
When I listened to music, I used to turn up the volume really loud so nobody could hear me singing along.

Surrounded by rounded fells rather than high mountains, the countryside here is restful rather than challenging, and the walking is easy.
The mountains are some of the smallest in the country.

Participants believed that a lack of sufficient funding provides constraints in two areas that are vital to the SEC-staffing and technology.
Participants were selected at random.

The glossaries originally published with each statement have been codified in a single glossary.
It made sense to combine all the glossaries.

It was also suggested that the SEC needed to explore how it is using its enforcement powers, as civil penalties may ultimately be hurting shareholders more than those who have violated the securities laws.
Some think the SEC needed to try harder to make its rules clear.

including the Social Security Administration, Small Business Administration, National
Individual Administration, Centralized Administration and Semi-Centralized Administration are also included in that.

We identified the following Web sites during the course of our work, which may be useful to organizations as sources of additional information.
The sites are covered in banner ads and ask for donations every time a page is loaded.

The Administrator must make any recommendations to Congress no later than July 1, 2009 and may submit separate recommendations addressing sulfur oxides, nitrogen oxides, or mercury at any time after the study and the peer review have been completed.
The Administrator plans to submit just one recommendation addressing sulfur oxides, nitrogen oxides, and mercury.

oh this is kind of tough i don't too often watch you know shows that are on on a regular basis
I like to watch shows that only come out every few years.

The National Technology Assistance Project (NTAP) coordinated by the Legal Aid Society of Orange County will help grantees with management or technology issues arising from their grants.
Most grantees struggle with the technology issues related to their grants. 

Six hours 
It takes six hours to drive there.

than we are
We must.

Between 1789 and 1815 the chapel served variously as a flour warehouse, a clubhouse for high-ranking dandies, and finally as an archive for Bonaparte's Consulate.
The chapel was a flour warehouse because it was so dry and dark.

Jon's own off-hand dagger also shaped like a falcon, wings raised on each side of the sharp blade, sat comfortably in his left hand.
Jon's dagger had shiny eyes on the bird.

I'd never seen this one before.
I have seen many things.

It is also a surprisingly attractive sadly, a relative rarity among Japan's bland, homogenous cities.
Most cities in Japan are the same thing.

Poirot followed me down the narrow stairs. 
I felt cramped as I walked down the staircase.

But nothing more happened, and people gradually returned home.
After the gold rush hype died down, people realized there was no reason to be there anymore.

Reich appears to have fabricated much of this episode for dramatic effect.
It's safe to say that Reich's fabrications had the intended effect on the viewers.

The extensiveness of the assessment is driven by
There are reasons to have varying levels of scrutiny in the assessment

yeah yeah yeah that's true so i guess i oh i'm pretty encouraged  i really am but then i'm a product of my generation i don't know i if i'd been born a hundred years ago and were looking at this time i might not like it but it sure seems nice to me
If I was born a hundred years ago I would be a completely different person.

The high quality of the seam on Milos ensured that the area remained popular with early travelers.
The seam on Milos was high quality and made sure the area was popular with travelers who wanted to trade.

The male chin grows during puberty in response to testosterone.
Not only does a males chin grow during puberty, facial hair emerges.

A couple of blocks north is the Convento de la Encarnaci??n (Convent of the Incarnation), on the plaza of the same name.
Many tourists come to visit the convent of the incarnation.

you guys have a good time keep those printers coming
You all have a good time at the bar!

When bathing in the sea became popular at the end of the 18th century, wealthy families from Edinburgh began to spend days here taking the waters in state-of-the art bathing machines. 
There were tensions between locals who welcomed the increased tourism, and those who did not.

You overrate my manly charms, murmured Tommy.
He lacked manly charms, because he didn't care to be manly at all.

You Stevens shut your trap! Muller's roar brought silence.
Stevens was a talkative guy, and many couldn't stand him.

Instead, you're still leading with Jacob Weisberg on Clinton's African apology (Sorry Excuse) and Cullen Murphy's discourse on lying (The Lie of the Land).
Clinton gave an apology to Africa for our role in slavery.

As long as coverage is relatively high, carriers will have to cover their entire route.
If coverage is high, the rural carriers will have to cover their whole route.

Roughly 172 million people around the world will have Internet access in the year 2000, and by 2003 and that number is expected to double.
390 million peopel have internet access.

Jon had known many good fighters and he had trained very well, yet he never heard Thorn arrive.
Thorn is a superior fighter to Jon.

oh it's that one that's about uh what an inch and a half wide got a bunch of groves in it
Yes, that's the one I was talking about and the one you should use.

'Trust me, Mr. White.
After being informed of the situation Mr. White had to be assured that everything would work out.

Such information may be provided on a need-to-know basis only to persons authorized by law or regulation to receive it.
The process to be legally authorized to receive this information, is a lengthy one.

What an awful place Piccadilly Circus is.
Piccadilly Circus seems like a nice place but she wasn't fond of it.

The SEC did not identify any other statutes or executive orders imposing requirements relevant to the rule.
The SEC didn't point to any other orders that had requirements for the rule other than the newest one.

a 1395ww(g)(1)(A) (providing for the payment of hospitals' capital costs under a prospective payment system established by the Secretary).
All costs are covered by the Secretary.

Now can we get some of that Korean steel for the new stadiums?
Can we get Korean steel for the new stadiums being built this year.

Weeks after cover stories in Rolling Stone and Spin , the newsweeklies catch up with the hit animated TV show South Park . Newsweek 's cover story argues that South Park successfully balances crudity (singing, dancing stool samples) with inspired lunacy and sweetness (naive 9-year-olds).
Rolling Stone and Spin openly praise South Park.

Pebereta talladeta started life as a stew composed of potatoes, pepper, and tunny fish gills, but today, thick tunny steaks are often the main ingredient.
Pebereta talladeta is an acquired taste.

British poet Rupert Brooke is buried at Tris Boukes, a bay in the far south.
Brooke has actually asked for his remains to be buried elsewhere.

They are said to be some of the finest prehistoric cave drawings ever discovered.
Near the cave drawings were also found a wide variety of jars and other artifacts.

They must have been that way since the moment of creation.
There's little reason to believe this has ever changed. 

Both operational and structural aspects of the CIOas environment can vary significantly in the federal sector versus the private sector.
Federal CIO environments operate under different laws than private CIO environments.

Converted from one of the city's fine Edwardian homes, the Four Seasons is less than five minutes' walk from New Kingston, behind secure walls in grounds embellished with a wide selection of tropical fruit trees.
The city's former mayor lived at the property before its conversion into a hotel.

Collection of mercury is somewhat more efficient when a FF is used for particle collection because of the higher gas-sorbent contact in the filter cake.
There are many ways to collect mercury.

I don't know. 
I am in no position to answer that.

From a stock of Mongolian, Chinese, Korean, and perhaps also Malay settlers, the country has had several thousand years to develop a solidly unified ethnicity.
Japan was originally made from several different ethnic groups but is now unified.

In 1576 Pope Gregory XIII created the Macau diocese, covering all of China and Japan.
Pope Gregory XIII created the Macau diocese after discussions with the church.

Perhaps he could devise some plan for finding out what had become of Tommy.
He was concerned that Tommy had been kidnapped into slavery. 

The current body of scientific knowledge does not provide information regarding atmospheric concentrations of CO2 or reduction levels necessary to prevent dangerous interference with the climate system.
If this information was available it could lead to greater scientific advancements.

yeah they end up yeah yeah you end up getting the same degree and it's it's uh uh now i i think that that what happens is the prestige you you can't you you can't sell that too much
The prestige can be an important factor.

Every time I renew my passport--content provider, I put that right in.
The passport renewal application doesn't have leniency for my position.

i i liked Atlanta too i have a sister-in-law that lives in Atlanta
My brother lives in Orlando.

MULTI-USE HERITAGE ASSETS
Some heritage assets are multi-use for small businesses.

Wearing a towel and bath-clogs, you will be shown to the steamy marble washroom, where buckets of hot water will be poured over you before an attendant sets to work with a coarse glove, removing dirt and dead skin and leaving you pink and glowing.
You will enjoy having your whole body scrubbed by the attendant.

According to the group's manager, because of the shift in the central group's responsibilities, the members of the group had to change their mind-set from a staff organization to a service organization.
Long meetings were conducting during and outside of business hours to ensure a smooth transition.

oh uh-huh well uh i bought a motor home here four four years ago and i have been living in it ever since and i'm looking forward to just traveling
I plan to travel in my motor-home for months on end.

Attorneys have filed charges against several key players associated with some of the recent integrity and accountability failures; the New York State Attorney General and the SEC are taking steps to address certain conflicts within the investment banking community, and the GAO has taken a number of steps as discussed below.
Attorneys have filed charges against several normal, rational human beings

and one had been broken off
One broke off because of wind damage.

well we've got to talk so it's just just as well we argue
We talked but we argue just as well.

You will not speak?
Will you not speak up on this issue?

But when it comes to the reality of the archaeological sites, nothing prepares you for their beauty, scale, and magnificence.
The archaeological sites are covered in moss and greenery.

Commissions study and recommend, the President proposes and the Congress disposes---as it sees fit!
The president has the authority to usurp congress. 

The 1972 ABM Treaty permits the United States and Russia to deploy 100 interceptors to defend either a missile field or the national capital.
Interceptors are missiles that lock on to other missiles and blow them up.

 The best place is Phoenix Park, where you can also relax and watch sports, especially on weekends.
On weekends, there are a lot of matches in Phoenix Park, usually between amateurs who have free time to hang out.

hope you enjoy some more good movies lately
Hope you have seen some comedy recently.

Standardization, they said, could decrease the agencies' ability to tailor regulatory approaches and inhibit further agency innovation by freezing into place the particular practices that have been developed so far.
Standardization could decrease the agencies' liabilties

 After the death of Franco in 1975, King Juan Carlos I restored democracy to Spain.
Without Franco's death, Spain would've remained a dictatorship.

Twenty weeks? Mieczyslaw couldn't believe it, and his brown eyes got so big the room went half-dark.
Mieczyslaw didn't think he would be able to wait for twenty weeks.

For a case study methodologist and for GAO, if proper care is taken, this should not be a problem.
Most case study methodologists do not take proper care.

The first is the imperative for daily reporters to move the ball on an ongoing story, such as Bush vs.
Most daily reporters, however, have become reluctant to make such moves it means sacrificing their access.

Two glass mosaic murals flanking the entrance depict themes of Malaysia's culture and history.
Two murals depict Malaysian culture and history, there used to be four.

All of this required muscle.
The stronger guys did the bulk of it all.

I am as sure of that as if I had seen him in action."
It was awesome to see him in awesome.

That is labor's real job, the very core purpose of a union.
The frutis of labor are many.

I probably could still pass the (state) bar exam, he says, somewhat in jest, because of all the different areas of the law still very familiar to him.
His practice dipped into all of those areas of law, keeping the information fresh in his mind.

that water can get pretty cold though  if you go too early
The water is cold if you go too early, but I like it.

she be she gets back at kitty cat for all the hassle
My cat is a little terror. 

DOD's current acquisition environment is driven by incentives to make decisions while significant unknowns about the system's design and manufacturability persist.
DOD's current acquisition environment is an unstable ecosystem.

Despite this, the imperial treasury allotted only 5,000 rupees a week for the plague and famine victims of 1631.
Only 5,000 rupees a week were allotted for the plague of 1631, according to the documentary.

Take the road to Agaa Vavara, in a vine-filled valley skirting the looming mountains of the Ida range to the west.
The looming mountains of the Ida range keep the temperatures cool in Agaa Vavara.

two that's still tough
Two is hard because you're outnumbered.

half of which is coming true
Half of the psychic reading is coming true.

Indicators of success -- Money is available to implement innovative diversity agendas and model projects.
The more money that is available to supplement diversity agendas and project modelling, the greater the success of the overall project.

Frilly shirt.
The shirt was old fashioned.

More than 1.5 million Asians and Pacific Islanders now live in the two counties.
50 years ago there were just 100,000 Asians living in the two counties.

Following the conquest in 1453, his grave was rediscovered, and Mehmet the Conqueror erected a shrine on the spot, followed in 1458 by a mosque, the first to be built in Istanbul.
There were several Muslim shrines in Istanbul in 1453.

You were also usually a darned nuisance, fond as I was of you.
I liked you, but you were simply too smart for your own good.

Yes, sir, it will be about an hour and a half's run.
The run is a few miles long. 

The glories of Verona extend from its grand Roman arena to the palaces of the medieval and Renaissance families whose intrigues and love stories inspired Shakespeare.
Artists and designers of Verona inspired Shakespeare.

The Telegraph is the only newspaper that matches Ruddy's Foster-mania.
The telepgraph is a major newspaper.

So long as we don't know, we can't really judge.
As long as he refuses to provide us with details, we can't really judge.

7.11 Auditors should obtain an understanding of the internal control environment, as well as specific internal controls, that are significant to the audit objectives, including internal control over compliance with legal and regulatory requirements, and consider whether the internal controls have been placed in operation.
Auditors, on finding a lack of compliance, should impose the controls themselves.

and then you say that's not my job so you quit
You aren't going to do work that wasn't assigned to you.

yeah Ninja Turtles got to have those
Ninja Turtles are the coolest.

Their origins remain a mystery (their written language was finally deciphered in 1915), but they came from the direction of the Caucasus moun?δains, spreading destruction and disorder throughout Anatolia.
They were a violent and ruthless people who took no prisoners.

Other participants noted, however, that having salaried board members could be problematic because shareholders would have to be able to hire and fire the directors that would cause great instability and salaried board members may also lack an independent spirit.
Participants noted that there are trees outside.

Christian and Islamic Jerusalem
Jerusalem has been influenced by many religions.

Also as how you laid down some good round boys to back his chance.
He knew the boys.

The project, funded by LSC and the Maine Bar Foundation, also permits the internet posting of briefs and other materials by Pine Tree staff to facilitate the representation of low-income clients by other providers and pro bono attorneys.
The LSC had to spend some time convincing the Maine Bar Foundation to get involved with the project.

The French Rev?­o?­lu?­tion?­aries threatened to tear the steeple down because it offended their principle of equality, but were reassured when one of the townsmen coiffed the spire with a patriotic red-white-and-blue bonnet.
The steeple survives to this day.

really that's good in a way  You know uh something we compete with
Competition never hurt anybody. 

If they once reached Sir James Peel Edgerton in safety, all would be well.
They might be safe once they'd reached Sir James Peel Edgerton.

TRANSFERS BETWEEN APPROPRIATION/FUND ACCOUNTS -Occur when all or part of the budget authority in one account is transferred to another account when such transfers are specifically authorized by law.
Transfers can be made between appropriation/fund accounts only when the law says they can.

huh-uh oh what kinds of things do they uh show
Do they show anything?

well i i don't know there was well whatever it was there was a second there i couldn't even hear what you were saying but um
There was something happening in the background, and I couldn't hear you.

that's what the nurses kept saying as they laughed all the way you know down the hallway
The nurses said we were dumb as they laughed down the hallway.

'That's Stage Three.'
The man pointed at Stage Three to show me where it was.

To enjoy excellent views, follow the coast road down to the small peninsula of Ponta Delgada, where you can cool off by the rocks in the seawater swimming pool.
Ponta Delgada has a 5-star hotel.

One of France's greatest poets of the 20th century, Wilhelm Kostrowitsky, better known as Guillaume Apollinaire, was born in Rome of a Polish mother and an Italian father.
Wilhelm and his family moved to France shortly after his birth. 

Perfectly sickening the way those brass hats drove from the War Office to the Savoy, and from the Savoy to the War Office!
The brass hats were recovered from World War II.

But when they did … Tommy smiled! 
Tommy didn't usually smile unless he saw something special.

In considering required reporting of stewardship information, the Board became increasingly aware of the need to be highly selective in proposing requirements for the consolidated financial report of the Federal Government.
There is the need to be highly selective in proposing precise requirements about that topic, and the Board has become aware of that, but was too late.

Bloom glides over her motives.
Her motives aren't something that Bloom should be gliding over, however.

well yeah i think they they like a routine of sorts
They go by the same routine every day.

An agency is required to monitor contractor performance, ensuring that work done conforms to the agency's requirements.
If the agency is not pleased with the contractor's performance, they should write a report about it.

Take another, more leisurely, boat-ride for the view from the canal.
It costs a lot of money to take a boat ride on the canal.

in England, but his special hobby is criminology! 
He doesn't have many interests. 

She and her colleagues could trust him to win peace without appeasement.
He has a history of winning peace without appeasement.

my wife has uh has an American Express through her through the company
my wife uses her American Express card for business expenses and her company pays it off

The north side of the building has statues by Joseph Banks depicting Africa, America, Asia, and Europe.
Making statues depicting continents was fresh and profitable idea.

One morning last year, David Bookstaver arrived at work in lower Manhattan and literally pulled the plug on the first official news of what is surely the most substantial initiative for pro bono publico in the history of the New York State Unified Court System
David Bookstaver had worked in lower Manhattan for his entire life.

Stephane Mallarme actually did a bit of fashion reporting in the 1870s, some under the name of Mlle.
Stephane Mallarme wrote poetry and did fashion reporting in the 1870s.

Determined to cloak himself in the legend of his uncle's grandeur, he saw his own role as that of champion of the people.
The people did not think that he was a great leader.

right well my son is uh studying electronic technology and he's been able to do things on uh on the personal computer here that really have enhanced his um reports and his learning and all because he can lay things out that way
My son loves learning about technology and coding.

yep that that's it
That's exactly what I meant.

i heard the beep
I heard the beep from the microwave.

California Rural Legal Assistance has purchased an Oxnard building it had been renting since earlier this year, moving the provider of legal services for Ventura County's poor closer to two goals.
California Rural Legal Assistance bought a building for their new office.

yeah i yeah my my very favorite one that the top of the tick for me is uh Excalibur i i loved that film um
The film Excalibur is the best movie ever made.

i have to i have to honestly say that i drink more now than i did because you know it's what i can get away with and if i'm going to go on the weekends spend my money and you know i
This person is an alcoholic.

The time and effort needed to locate receiving reports would also not exist, and prompt payment requirements (taking advantage of discounts and avoiding late payment fees) could more easily be met.
Digital baking systems are much faster and more efficient as compared to paper systems.

The chopped meat. He waited patiently.
As he chopped the meat, he waited for his wife.

At the majority of project sites, for example, procurement of items costing less than $25,000 required between one and five signatures; each approval beyond the first one added to the time required for the procurement and created inefficiency, revenue loss, and a potential danger to the staff and public when safety corrections were delayed.
People were injured due to the delays in safety corrections.

Meanwhile, Sweat's granddaughter called Salt Lake City housing officials, federal housing officials, state officials and several agents of Utah Nonprofit Housing to find out about her grandmother's rights.
All of the officials were very helpful regarding the phone calls that Sweat made.

Many have little or no English skills.
90% can't speak English.

Slim dressed quickly, gladly confining his morning wash to the momentary sprinkle of a little lukewarm water.
Slim was late for work.

Meanwhile cook's just furious.
The cook was furious while the stew boiled.

Fire ahead.
Fire.

Jumiyges
Jumiyges is a name of a city.

True, there is no formal guarantee.
There was no warranty for the item I bought.

 If word of his journey had already spread, word of the attack must have also spread, but he saw no sign of panic in the village at all.
He could not figure out why the village was not panicked.

Well, don't let him have too much of it. 
He will ask for much more.  

No matter how perfect his creations seem, it's probably not a good idea to trust them.'
It's probably not good to trust someone just because they're good at creating pottery.

Government Printing Office
The office is located in Washington.

You'd think Soutine, with his obsessive delight in flesh, would paint nudes, but no; he painted only one in his whole career, and it's a minor painting.
He only painted one because it made him feel uncomfortable.

This imposing vista was originally planned for Napo?­leon to see from his bedroom in the Louvre, which was then a palace .
Napoleon cared a lot about the view from his bedroom in all of his palaces.

He handed us our door keys, then darted off.
He was nervous so gave us our keys quickly.

The Commission also submitted the final rule to OMB.
The Commission also submitted the rule to other groups, but the final rule was only for OMB to evaluate.

Go to a garden store, and you'll find products with delightful names like Olivia's Cloning Compound, a mix of hormones to dunk on the cut end of a shoot to help it take root.
The products at gardening stores are often given technically or scientifically derived names (like Olivia's Cloning Compound) to describe their purpose.

Aswan, Egypt's southernmost town, has played an important role throughout its long history.
Aswan is located right on the Egyptian border.

However, a much more graceful architectural touch can be seen in the panels of Shiva demonstrating the 108 basic poses performed in the sacred dance, bharatanatyam .
Shiva's portrayal on the panels is a common motif.

The luxuriously planted terraced gardens constitute one of the finest ensembles of the Italian formal style.
Both the beautiful gardens and rare floral arrangements showcase the Italian formal style.

today was uh definitely a shorts day around here
Everyone in the office wore shorts today.

In an ugly tux.
It is pink and orange.

migrant labor camps oh my God they live in cardboard boxes
There are pictures of migrant workers living in cardboard boxes in the labor camps.

And it means Alabama won't have a half-million dollars cut from its budget as had been expected.
Alabama didn't have its budget cut because the initial justification for doing so didn't stand up to scrutiny.

The rest is up to you.
The rest is up to you, but there isn't much time.

um-hum well it is March after all you know you're not supposed to worry about sunburn in March
March is not that hot.

yeah you had a good time there
You got a little crazy. 

even falling knowing already he was dead, and how much I pray to myself I want not, ever,
I pray to God in my head.

be the United States' first coast-to-coast bank, operating in 22 contiguous states from Washington, D.C., to Washington state;
Most banks only have branches in one state. 

sounds like the aftermath of like a hurricane down here
There are over fifty destroyed houses or buildings in this town.

Thus, I have never even touched a girl, much less kissed one.
The reason I've never kissed a girl before is because I'm too scared.

We are very grateful for the help of our attorneys.
We are thankful the attorneys helped the very poor people in Utah.

He had not shaved or washed for three days! 
He had tried to wash but wasn't able to.

5 percent of GDP compared to today's 3.5 percent.
The public is pleased to see that the percent of GDP is falling.

uh-huh or hail yeah it just you know
It is just hail but it will pass quickly.

"We ain't blind on th' Range." His head swung a little so he was looking at the girl.
He dreaded turning his head to face the girl.

brown yeah that is that is awful and it it takes time and the and the kids they you have to water your lawn and they want to go out and run in it and get all muddy and you know so you're going do i want a dirt a green lawn or a muddy feet  in the house
I make them take their shoes off on the porch.

These were bilateral trade accords, countertrade, export financing, and compliance with trade-related industrial policy.
The export financing accounted for the bulk of it, however.

or she's i guess yeah it's was about ten years so i yeah i i was really happy that i was able to do that but i that's what i wanted to because i uh you know i just couldn't wait to have kids and so if i was i was so anxious to have them and i couldn't wait to have them it would be kind of silly you know to go back to work as soon as i had them so so it it it it was really great by the end of the ten years i was really ready
If I could, I would spend the rest of my life raising children instead of working.

A youth hostel (good for overnighting in order to experience sunrise at Masada) and kosher restaurant are at the foot of the mountain near the cable-car station.
The youth hostel and the kosher restaurant are part of the same building.

As good as the best done on my world.  Ser Perth went away, temporarily pleased with himself, and Hanson stood staring at the model.
Ser Perth was only pleased with himself for around 5 minutes after leaving, then becoming very upset.

All her friends spoke of her as Rita.
Her friends called her Rita because it is short for Margarita.

yeah i we try to do a lot of things as a family and you know inexpensively as possible so
We sometimes splurge a little bit more on pricier activities.

but for the most part people were like well i don't like it uh it's not something i prefer to do but i understand the reasoning and i think part of the attitude is that i think TI went to really great lengths in communicating and tried to prepare them and and tell them why and you know they didn't just announce it without really any forethought
TI tried to prepare people for what was happening because he knew that his reputation would be smeared.

Koontz uh his last name ends in a Z i know that
I have trouble remembering how to spell Koontz.

The planned new Roman city, Aelia Capitolina, was built over the ruins of Herodian Jerusalem, and Jews were barred from residing there for all time.
Aelia Capitolina became the jewel of the middle east once it had been built.

 Ser Perth appeared at the doorway with two of the mandrakes.
Ser Perth stood at the doorway, clutching two mandrakes.

Find out how long it took to get approvals from management and the direction management gave to project personnel.
Project personnel will never be approved 

'Mr.Greuze says you can come in,' I was told.
I was nervous about going in.

They would publish it broadcast throughout England, and declare for the revolution 63 without a moment's hesitation.
A lot of people in England would watch the broadcast.

DU has a law- student body of about 1,000, and CU's population is about half that.
DU has around 15000 students total in addition to those in the law school.

what if they're not guilty
Guilty or not they still need to have their voice heard.

What Isikoff couldn't pin down was whether the advance was welcome or not.
Although he didn't know for sure, he believed the advance wasn't welcomed.

Tweed traditionally kept lairds and lords warm as they went out on grouse shoots on their northern estates before the invention of Goretex.
Lords and lairds have now dropped tweed in favour of Goretex.

so and the you know everybody just gives you a credit card just so you'll spend money so
They want you to spend your money because they earn more in sales.

oh sure i think that's that's i feel that you know for certain cases that i that i am willing to give up my rights to secure the rights of others i guess is what i'm saying
There are lots of people who need help with practicing their rights.

On the contrary, said Poirot quietly, "there are several points in his favour."
Poirot had figured out that his alibi was actually true.

Presentation to the Clean Air Science Advisory Committee.
The report was presented 

This is not mere rhetoric.
This is not a rhetorical question I"m asking you. 

ratemaking provisions.
The provisions are all approved.

This information helps in making decisions such as to contract work out, undertake a project, or increase, decrease, modify, or eliminate an activity or product.
Information like this could help us choose who to contract work out to, who to give our projects to, where to outsource our labor from and to, and which products to eliminate in the next quarter.

And should you let this stud of yours run with a picked manada of mares, I could promise good fees."
The stud had a pick of mares because it is popular.

His mind threatened to blank out with each step, but he forced himself on.
He forced himself on because he did not want to stay there.

Any omitted paragraphs are indicated in the table of contents.
The page numbers of these paragraphs are also listed in the table of contents.

(It's just bullshit, Magnet says.
Magnet says that they made it up.

exist  you know and and i think it might be another good public service might be to have them help out in geriatric homes or you know this type of thing they are around uh
They should do a musical number in the geriatric homes.

An interesting case, a very interesting case.
The man states that it's an interesting case.

um-hum um-hum um it almost makes you kind of think about things it gives you a different way of thinking them because you you're you're in you you know that you always wonder and when you see something like that that kind of well hey well maybe it could be that way
It is life changing to see something like that.

The Reagan defense budgets helped, as did an aggressive marketing plan abroad and, most importantly, the merger with Martin Marietta and the acquisition of General Dynamics' F-16 fighter division.
The marketing plan specifically focused on Germany, Poland, Switzerland and Norway. 

their church doesn't teach birth control they preach against it
Their church believes in teaching abstinence as the only method of birth control.

18 Because of the large sample size, these data are far more useful for our analysis than the subsequent panel data.
Data from previous panels was much too small. 

well i lived in Missouri and then in Utah and then um and both places had pretty good state income tax
I lived in Missouri and then in Utah because I got transferred

I find myself in disagreement with Hear Me, by Bill Barnes, about the quality of IBM's VoiceType software.
I disagree with other parts of Hear Me, by Bill Barnes.

People in the Brave New World satisfy the wants they have but are prevented from having some good wants, like want for love and family, and deprived of the opportunity to reach for new and better wants.
People in the Brave New World are under the control of intelligent machines.

i tell you
I told you the secret already.

She's my cousin, and as patriotic a girl as ever stepped. 181 "I don't care a damn what she is, but get out of here!" retorted Tommy also at the top of his voice.
My cousin wasn't to blame for the situation.

The tourism ante is being upped by hoteliers, entrepreneurs, and government officials eager to broaden Madeira's offerings and appeal.
There is a concerted effort to increase tourism.

It is not in your possession? 
Do you not have it in your bag right now?

The other electric utility projects that boilermakers work on include such projects as routine maintenance at operating plants and new plant construction, which account for approximately 13,500,000 man-hours of
Plants require routine maintenance every 6 months and the boilermakers do this specific task. 

TWEAK screens for alcohol abuse and dependence.
TWEAK is used primarily for alcohol related issues.

These costs are developed primarily to be marginal costs and will be assumed to be marginal costs in this paper.
The costs are developed primarily to be enough to transfer $9 to Donald Trump's bank account.

She lifted her eyebrows at the sight of the girl.
She raised her eyebrows when she saw what the girl was wearing. 

1 It was not until the mid-nineteenth century that city delivery began on a regular basis in the U.S.
It took another century before rural delivery was available on a regular basis.

8 billion pieces of advertising mail.
A consistent number of pieces of advertising mail has been sent in the last year.

Of course he did.
He had obviously done that.

When do we leave? 
We will leave in the next hour.

Doctorow's Ragtime , is set in 1910.
The world-renowned Doctorow's Ragtime is set in 1910.

Show us, said the man.
Show us immediately said the man.

McCarthyism about cynicism.
McCarthyism was started in Hollywood.

What a display! he said.
He thought the display was the best he had seen.

On his head was something like a miter, carrying a coiled brass snake in front of it.
The coiled brass snake wasn't alive, but hissing sounds could be heard from it.

Dave glanced over the edge again to see one of the tall buildings crumple under the impact.
One of the tall buildings crumpled under the impact, luckily it was abandoned.

I got you now, you dumb shit, he shouted infuriated pulling out a bundled pair of mismatched socks.
He was clearly looking for something that was hiding.

Goosebumps struck me skin.
The goosebumps came in wave after wave.

There's an abundance of nature, history, art, and modern culture to be explored and enjoyed.
Most visitors spend most of their time exploring nature and modern culture.

The building at the corner of Charlotte Square and South Charlotte Street was the birthplace of Alexander Graham Bell, inventor of the telephone.
Alexander Graham Bell spent the first twenty years of his life in the building where he was born.

Imported dried cod (bacalhao) is the Portuguese national dish; several varieties are available, usually baked.
The Portuguese love their cod baked, broiled, stewed, seared, etc.

It was hoped that the whole affair had been kept so secret that nothing would have leaked out.
They had told everyone to avoid mentioning anything.

I want to know more about this.
Can I get more information, then I can make a better decision.

Their price was $18,000.
Their price was over $10,000.

Friends of mine, especially women, found sitting through the film akin to being smeared with excrement.
Friends of mine didn't like the film, especially women, said the critic.

I did, however, add that I had failed to acquire a family, and I hoped to secure a wife and two children as soon as possible so we could spend more time together.)
I wanted to get married to anyone who would take me.

Standing at the centre of Temple Mount is Jerusalem's greatest architectural achievement, the Dome of the Rock, whose golden cupola is the city's most famous landmark.
The Dome of the Rock is one of the most visited places in Jerusalem.

just twice for her and we're going to end up probably keeping one out of each litter
We will choose the biggest one to keep from each litter.

what was i'm trying to remember oh the other the one i talked about the other night was good it was um about movies you know who what have you seen at the movies lately and stuff like that
we talked about the very last movie that I saw

These communications will take several forms, including, as facts and circumstances warrant, meetings between GAO's Comptroller General or Chief Operating Officer and the heads of agencies or their designees at the presidential appointee with Senate confirmation (PAS) level to discuss areas of mutual interest and concern.
Usually agency heads will send designees instead of attending meetings themselves.

The richness of the environment around the Blue Mountains has long been recognized; protecting the areas of virgin forest is now a priority.
There are parts of the Blue Mountains that have tons of wildlife.

The activities cited here would not be unusual, or even objectionable, if Gates imposed strict quality control standards upon them.
Gates regrets being lax with quality control standards.

dammed up the uh White River real pretty in Arkansas lake but we are hoping to explore a lot of the lakes around Texas and just stay close to home
The White River is a more exciting lake to visit than the lakes around Texas.

Follow him, of course, silly! 
The entire point is that you follow him.

First there was that shoulder hole; then I got me a good case of lung fever.
I had lung fever for weeks. 

Why open a gas station if nobody has a car?)
And there's no need for restaurants if people don't eat food anymore. 

probability of being drawn.
They were hoping for it to be drawn.

Also see our reports and testimonies included as footnotes and the Related GAO Products section of this guide.
Our reports are included as footnotes in the report released in April.

If you can bear the thunderous traffic, the area around the Place de Paris Carmelit terminus is a good earthy place to explore, with a street market and several interesting small shops and eating houses.
Most people find that the attractions around the terminus make up for the loud traffic.

Classified products are distributed only to those with the appropriate security clearances and a need to know.
A need to know basis is often associated with government agencies or militaries that require security clearances.

Its spacious grounds are a magnificent example of the strolling gardens favored during the Edo period.
Most of today's gardens were created during the Edo period.

It had failed.
It tried its best.

i'm south they're north of me
We're about an hour away.

you know, Boris!"
Boris is pretending to not know, but he knows. 

information8 and state that the report is an integral part of the audit and should be considered in assessing the results of the audit.
The report includes financial information and testimony from witnesses. 

My trouble is that I could never keep my mouth shut.
My issue was that I always wanted to ask questions.

Velazquez and his followers enslaved the native peoples and in the process exposed them to European diseases.
The native people was enslaved by Velasquez and they were tortured by him.

Barry described two intervention trials among older adults in primary care.
The two interventions were very different, with one successful and one not.

it is and it the regulations i don't think the government the government regulations are the place i i don't think are are adequate either because they just don't the ones i've been in just don't aren't real real clean uh you know they do they do a halfway decent job but i it seems like they're they're they tend to be kind of slack
I'm going to vote for someone else so that they change the regulations.

He launched his career there and it seems fitting that he return.
His career was in the exciting field of door to door vacuum sales.

because i mean the thing is is that whenever you i mean you seen like for example you know like the war that just went on you saw you saw that
I read about the war that just happened in a newspaper.

They both laughed.
The children were laughing.

He was known to have refused office in the interests of his profession, preferring to remain a simple Member for a Scotch constituency.
He felt that it would serve the people better if he were just a simple member.  

The author of this anti-conspiratorial missive?
What crazy person wrote this?

Five times more needy people ask for help than staff can assist
The staff is requesting for new people to help them with work.

yeah as a matter of fact and our lawn mower does that too it's you you shut off the where the bag would go or where it would you know spray out the side
Our lawn mower goes through the same thing because we have the same model and company.

You are only determining the reliability of the data as needed to support the findings, conclusions, or recommendations of the engagement.
You manipulated the data to support your findings. 

relative to schools sort of in other countries as well like compared to the Japanese school system i was in a panel that would that addressed the issue of you know science and how our kids they're just very very far behind of science because a lot of them just aren't going into it because they just don't know anything about it and how it's got to be upgraded now is all
Most people don't know about science.

The Clinton administration, most of the Senate, and a slew of economists opposed the bill, agreeing that it would invite protectionist retaliation from other countries.
Other countries stated that they would retaliate against the bill.

Thought you'd like to know the latest.
Thought you would be happy to hear the news.

She didn't use it, however.
She did not use the weapon.

Browse through the Arab market behind the mosque and wander the alleyways towards the port.
The port can also be accessed by the boulevard next to the mosque.

Computer security risks associated with the widespread use of information create the potential for disruptions to federal agencies and the private sector in aviation, banking, law enforcement, emergency services, and other critical services.
Federal agencies might lose all their money thanks to computer security risks.

Just be discreet, and don't wear your best shoes.
Don't wear your nice shoes or you'll stick out too much.

Here you can experience an earthquake, touch an iceberg, and listen to the sound of a rain forest all in one place.
Here is the center of the human universe, where many cultures and terrains met, the Earth.

and there's got to be trade i guess that's some of the answer i guess is business uh uh and i try to be an optimist and say well that that's one way is to help any problem whether it be crime or certainly poverty obviously is to is to get some business going between each other and we need we need to do more of that uh somehow and encourage more business between us
I am trying to stay positive, even though it is difficult.

The values of the slope (rate of increase in total costs) and intercept (institutional costs) are directly related to the population of the country.
The country's population can easily be calculated.

When McCain flatters you, it doesn't feel automatic or calculated.
When you're flattered by McCain it feels genuine because of his charming personality.

Eilat's best-known restaurant has been serving an inventive menu of meat and seafood dishes (Shanghai fish, shrimp, and pepper steak specialities) for over 20 years.
Eliat's most famous restaurant has been in business service shrimp for 20 years.

From what? said the man.
He had no clue what was going on.

With Topham's aid Drew regained his feet and got the staggering Texan, still half unconscious, onto a chair.
Drew put the Texan into a chair after he had punched him.

Brief interventions for alcohol  a review.
There are rumblings that brief interventions when dealing with alcohol abuse are inadequate.

Adrin would soon begin firing and Thorn's huge blade would cleave in.
Adrin was going to fire the cannon soon enough.

i play the trumpet
I also play the piano.

Bullets explode in shards of glass and light, bringing death in chiaroscuro.
The bullets exploded too soon.

The best way to protect our citizens is to vigorously enforce the tough laws we have on the books, Bush declared.
Vigorous law enforcement is the best way to protect our citizens.

Another part of the answer--one that Kindleberger suggested two decades ago--is that to introduce global financial markets into a world of merely national monetary authorities is, in a very real sense, to walk a tightrope without a net.
The answer is made up of many parts. 

there is convoluted logic for you
There is no logic for you.

As previously noted, GAO follows modified protocols for testimonies, which are described separately in the section of this document entitled Testimony.
Rules include no incidents or decrease in efficiency.

um i i found the newspaper situation in Dallas very interesting we've got the one fairly well relatively weaker paper the Times Herald and then the Morning News which has a very strong subscription
I subscribe to both of Dallas's newspapers.

we never learned plus they have the burden of uh well this is the burden they have the task of learning computers uh even in uh kindergarten they had uh a requirements that they had to meet for learning the uh terms like keyboard and monitor and they wanted know what a computer was and what a disk was and
We never had so much that we were required to learn at such a young age.  

The number of deliveries per week varies among the posts in the sample (Canada, Finland, and Portugal deliver five times per week, Great Britain delivers 12 times weekly in urban areas and six in rural areas).
Britain delivers 12 times a week in urban areas because there are more people ordering packages.

Second, they need to help manage risk, including risk related to attempts to maximize current value at the expense of mortgaging the future.
They need to make sure the risk does not get too high.

In the 19th century this was the city's most fashionable strolling ground.
This was the city's most fashionable strolling ground back in the 19th century far from its current state of disrepair today.

yes and you wouldn't want to have to walk uh you know in high heels it's hard to walk a long way and the campus is pretty large
It's easier to walk around campus in low-heel shoes. 

In July 1936, most of the army, led by General Francisco Franco with the support of the monarchists, conservatives, the clergy, and the right-wing Falange rose against the government in Madrid.
General Franco's upheaval had at its heart the betterment of the country.

will the will the EPA allow this
Will the EPA allow this action against our city?

Holy Smokes, he's my Dad."  
I can't believe that's my Dad.

There were some battered old pictures on the walls, representing scenes from Faust." Jane's two listeners gave a simultaneous "Ah!" The girl nodded.
Some aged photos and brilliant tapestries hung on the walls, depicting settings from Faust.

that i think it originally started with Indian Guides and uh the idea was that dads are off working all the time and mothers are left to raise the kids
the idea was incorrect, since almost as many mothers as fathers worked outside the house

He's just finished Isaac's Storm, a history of the Galveston hurricane of 1900, and reads Robert Parker's detective-for-hire stories.
There was a hurricane in Galveston in 1900 and it claimed a lot of lives.

A new constitution consolidating liberal reforms was drawn up, and approved by a referendum held in 1961.
The referendum had a great voter turnout.

Strangely enough, I can give evidence that will demolish one contention of the prosecution.
I can prove that John was not the murderer.

The flashy team apparel, etc., send a relevant message--the fans really care about the drivers.
The flashy team apparel was red in color.

What is left is fed to the new ones in the hopes that some part of their power is absorbed.
Everyone believes the superstitions about their powers.

The attorney can give basic advice about what will need to be done to file a lawsuit, or to defend against one.
The average consulting fee for legal advice is 45 dollars an hour.

Information  Computer Hacker Information Available on the Internet (GAO/T-AIMD-96-108, June 5, 1996)
The amount of information found on the internet about computer hackers is too high.

yeah i lived there in my early twenties too before i moved
I think we lived on the same street.

Assessing the Effectiveness of Saving Incentives.
They wanted to prove that it was a valid program.

no no i live in Dallas
No, I was born in Dallas.

Though you'd never guess it, the French fought bloody battles on La Savane against the English and Dutch.
400 people died in the battle. 

well that's yeah yeah well well i didn't even see Batman so that's uh that's pretty good so
I saw another movie instead.

Nancy owes its classical beauty to King Stanislas Leszczynski of Poland.
King Stanislas Lesczynski was king of Poland for 72 years.

hum it's a good experience it helps you feel i think comfortable with your car and feel like it's not so scary if um you're driving it and you might get stranded somewhere that you might you think well i've i've been under that hood and i know what's going on but
Getting to know your car will alleviate all of the fear regarding random breakdowns on the road.

yeah that that can really be a problem i know in in in New York there's a problem with the Koreans that uh that that the uh black community is complaining that the Koreans are taking over
The Koreans are taking over small shops and restaurants.

i know i do too i most of my friends have three or four kids and they feel like you know that's really all that God wants for them and some of the people in our church use birth control and some of them don't i had my tubes tied so you
Their children are terrible little demons who spraypaint profanity on the walls.

The current owners have created an agricultural museum to demonstrate the traditional methods of crop production as well as everyday life on the plantation.
Tickets to the agricultural museum are five dollars a person.

30 About 10 percent of households did not
Only ten percent of households do not own a television.

On the river bank opposite the fort is the Tomb of Itimad-ud-Daulah, overshadowed by the Taj Mahal.
The Tomb of Itimad-ud-Daulah predates the Taj Mahal by several hundred years.

 But it seemed that he'd better put on a good show of trying if he wanted to continue enjoying good health.
He knew they would punish him if they thought he wasn't trying hard enough.

Each of the eight pistols was shaped like a tiger in attack.
Jon's pistols looked like tigers.

oh how does he do serious stuff
Does he ever laugh at all?

These other costs include systemwide labor related costs (e.g.
This additional category of costs has been a source of confusion for many.

Agencies' use of performance information can be improved.
Agencies can improve their use of performance information, but are not likely to.

Clinton's college breaks will be of primary benefit to middle- and upper-middle class taxpayers.
Middle and upper-middle taxpayers will benefit from Clinton's college breaks, said the economist.

It is essentially a genius-level version of rock-paper-scissors.
The game was inspired by Rock-Paper-Scissors.

awarding a contract-proposal evaluation criteria,Plan evaluation methodology, evaluator's responsibilities, and final selection procedures.
A contract proposal evaluation criteria was awarded, due to it's high level of sophistication. 

benefit anybody you know
Did the project benefit anyone you know?

Ireland has been inhabited since very ancient times, but Irish history really begins with the arrival of the Celts around the 6th century b.c. , Ireland's first documented invasion.
Ireland has been inhabited since ancient times, but Irish history begins with the nomadic Celts around 6th century b.c., when it was first invaded.

Suzuki (1870 1966), who pioneered the study of Zen Buddhism in the West.
Suzuki decided to bring the teachings of Zen Buddhism to Western cultures.

yeah but they have always been a really strong team
They've won all their matches.

Keyes : Schools in the hands of people who pray.
There are some schools where prayer is allowed.

Centrelink defines all incorrect payments as preventable unless the payment is unavoidable, such as legislated advance payments.
There are many payments that were bypassed in the prior year.

and there's just really not very much
There's not a lot of options in Plano.

Beaches from Long Beach to Malibu have perfect shore breaks for surfing, boogie-boarding, wading, and swimming.
Long Beach is a little bit better than Malibu for surfing.

(If you really want to see the so-called death stare, click .) The conceit, of course, is that careful scrutiny of these images may reveal something important about JFK's assassination.
The infamous "death stare" image has been said to harbor the true happenings behind the JFK assassination. 

This claim may turn out to be wrong, but, contrary to Gould's basic indictment of evolutionary psychology, it is neither obvious nor, if true, useless.
The claim is wrong.

and he was uh talking to his friend Michael telling
He had a long conversation with Michael, before he got on the bus.

um yeah we we took out actually my wife she's the one that ran the budget you know i just brought it home and she had to stretch it out wherever it was going to go but she would allocate so much at at at that time when the kids were growing up  so much went for groceries
My wife did a good job taking care of our budget.

uh-huh yeah it does because you're you know you you're you know you're just costing costing yourself more money because you if you can't make the monthly the minimum payment you're paying interest again so yeah
Credit card companies should employ stricter screening and only give them to people who can definitely pay them off each month.

and i i have to wonder sometimes how much of their dependence is um you know if it's it's sort of a false dependence just to while they're building their own uh way of doing things that they're making us think that they depend that much on us so that we don't watch them more closely you know i'm very suspicious of them
They don't want us to be suspicious of them.

After all, unlike inventors who should be rewarded for innovation resulting from their personal efforts, leadership of a major public company is a team effort.
The majority of financial rewards arising from innovation should be given to inventors.

credit line you know uh the credit limit i let him have the one with the least amount
I wanted to monitor his spending.

They're over quickly and forgotten by all--except, perhaps, their often hapless targets.
Their hapless targets seek therapy after the event.

Lunch and dinner daily, 10am 10pm.
Dinner is available from 10 pm to 11 pm.

some uh and that and he was trying to keep uh uh uh i can't even think of the guy's name either the coach of the Vikings
He is a football coach.

But the idea that somehow it doesn't really make a difference whether AOL is paying $156 or $165 billion for Time Warner is wrong, and seems emblematic of the fawning embrace of this deal by the press.
It does make a difference how much AOL is paying or Time Warner, we can see it from the reactions on this matter.

Comrade, he said to me, our Five Year Plan for the People's Aesthetics proceeds on schedule.
The Five Year Plan for the People's Aesthetics will bring in a large sum of revenue to the company.

In a 660-page tome, the MIT psycholinguist popularizes a controversial theory of evolutionary  that the brain is like a computer program that has been shaped by natural selection.
The tome contained other evolutionary theories by MIT psycholinguists.

i believe that's correct uh-huh
I am sure every word of it is right.

By 1185 the frontier between Christianity and Islam had been drawn at the Tagus.
Christians and Muslims continued to fight well into the 15th century.

In 2002, we took the steps to encourage their growth and improvement through a program letter outlining what we believe to be model intake practices.
The intake practices were struggling and they need to fix it.

retention period established for audit documentation and is safeguarded through sound computer security.
Their computer security has not been breeched.

I cannot say, but it is suggestive. A wild idea flashed across me. 
I had a crazy idea, and started writing it down on the paper in front of me.

And the Coffin Fellowship Program provides money for attorneys who do domestic relations work.
The program gives money to attorneys because tey can't afford to help without a stipend.

She closed her eyes and Thorn's story crashed on his mind like a rock through glass.
She thought about how sad Thorn's story had been.

both if we're not doing sports we go somewhere
We will go somewhere to do the sports.

You recognize them beyond fail?
Are you sure in your identification?

Reducing very high tax rates can, at the very least, encourage less tax evasion and avoidance.
Reducing very high tax rates has more positive effects than negative ones.

The Kosovo story details a massacre in which local nationalist Serbs and paramilitaries murdered at least 21 members of one family.
Serbs are fueled by hate but are well trained and well armed.

Chris' Wrap-Up
The 3rd Wrap-Up of Chris.

The magazines split over Kathleen Willey.
There is a fifteen page biography about Kathleen Willey in one magazine.

For example, Table 3 shows that the inner area of New York has a higher population density than that of Paris.
Table 13 shows that the inner area of New York has a higher population density than that of Paris

Clift, on the other hand, cannot believe that Yeltsin was in the bag all three times he gave these warnings.
This person thought there was a good chance Yeltsin could lose.

Nothing more to do, Nibs?
Nibs looked exhausted. 

it's like a fifth like fifths of whiskey i thought was always kind of strange
I thought the shape of whiskey bottles was always strange.

yeah that snow is pretty to look at but i i don't like to drive in it or or
I do not like living where it snows.  

Although many passenger lines have gone out of use as the railroad declined in importance, one line in particular has been kept in operation, primarily because it travels through some of the most beautiful countryside in Britain.
The railroad suffered because the car industry advanced and took its place.

The country offers plenty of outdoor enjoyment,  swimming and other water sports, or just sunbathing, on Alpine lakes, on the beaches of Normandy and Brittany, or at the famous resorts of the Cete d'Azur; first-class skiing in the Alps and Pyrenees; canoeing down spectacular gorges; and marvelous hiking around the country's national parks and nature reserves.
There is a lot to do outdoors, like go jetskiing or swim around the coral reefs.

I'm in a meeting you tell them, the director replied kicking his legs slightly with frustration.
The director kicked his legs twice with frustration.

well as you can tell my two decided to come in here uh
They came here. 

now well my brother in law was working with uh in one for a little bit and uh he just he couldn't handle the things he had to do
My brother in law worked in one for a while but he hated giving people baths.

Conversely, Leger was also implying that human beings are composed of moving parts.
Leger believes that humans are very similar to machines.

so i'm kind of bad about that myself
I do not like doing that.

Though this party fell into disfavor for some time, their fundamentalist concerns, shared by members of the Shiv Sena party, increased in popularity in subsequent years.
Rebellious teenagers picked up the party's fundamentalist concerns and popularized them since their parents viewed the party unfavorably.

Carpets are one of the most attractive purchases you can make.
The carpets are all handmade in various colors.

Don Cazar has good horses?
Don Cazar was the most famous horse owner in the country.

Would I mount? 
I wanted to be sure of my footing. 

Since alcohol interventions in the ED cut across different disciplines, the peer-review group should embrace multiple perspectives.
Alcohol interventions in the ED involve many disciplines.

Advertising mail does not include advertising stuffers, i.e., advertising mail sent enclosed with other items such as bills.
Advertising stuffers are an effective form of marketing. 

Jon could hear them riding on the path towards him.
Jon was ready to fight.

you know so i think they're screwed up there
They should have never done that in the first place.

The boots of Albert continued to be active on the floor above.
Albert was stomping on the floor above. 

They are coming here! shouted Ca'daan.
Ca'daan was shouting about the arrival of the Queen of England. 

You are actually playing into the criminal's hands."
You are doing what the criminals want, which is fight your own people.

If things go  Ted, I pleaded with the president to make sure we had an exit strategy.
I pleaded with the president Trump to make sure we had an exit strategy.

I agree that we have a regular recession and that the currency board prevents us from applying the usual recipe, but it's not clear that it would work, and at this point breaking the peso commitment would be extremely onerous.
Thew new recipe might bring about new problems that would only complicate things further.

No! Mr. Hersheimmer brought down his fist with a bang on the table.
With an emphatic 'No!' Mr. Hersheimmer slammed his pale fist down on the dining room table.

Then I yawned. 
I took the time to let out a yawn.

Households' wealth-income ratio dropped from its 1999 peak.
Income from the middle class have suffered greatly more than the other classes.

It was not until 1829 that Rafael Rivera, a Mexican scout, found a spring-fed valley and dubbed it Las Vegas a Spanish name that leaves many modern visitors wondering exactly where  the meadows  really lay.
In 1829 a Mexican scout of Spanish origin found the valley and named it Las Vegas.

They wish to keep watch and Severn agreed to arm the miners.
The miners were prepared to fight. 

Such a drastic change in the external conditions, (especially in different habits of substance use and abuse by the carriers) was expected to have a very stimulating effect on young organisms and lead to the development in the moment of their birth of a prime basis for an IQ level higher by 50 percent..
Organisms were being bred to have higher IQs.

Indeed, a great, unfinished work can be more fascinating than a finished one because of the way the reader is drawn into the artistic process.
Readers love to get lost in the artistic process, and they enjoy it more than the final result.

Pursuant to section 605(b) of the Act, VA certified in the preamble to the interim rule (60 Fed.
VA was certified in the preamble, though it should not have been.

Thus, even if GAO were able to identify certain deficiencies in a land management plan, for example, GAO would be prohibited from examining the process used to develop the plan in order to suggest improvements.
Thus, if the GAO were able to identify deficiencies in the land management plan and the tax plan, for example GAO would be prohibited from examining the process used to develop the plan in order to suggest improvements. 

The Venetian mainland reflects some of the Serenissima's artistic and architectural glories.
Serenissima's artistic style is the most popular in Venice.

I found what I was looking for.
I found my keys hidden in the cereal box. 

He gave the Israelis the bible of American signals intelligence, a manual that shows exactly what foreign (that is, Soviet) signals the United States has intercepted.
The Israeli wanted any leverage they could have over the US. 

(The paternalism of the PDFA's campaign has sunk in at major newsrooms.
The campaign was a smear campaign against the PDFA.

The brawny Neeson is a calamity as Wilde, says New York's John Simon.
Most critics thought that Neesons performance was sub par.

once you can get into the language you know the language uh
You can never learn a language without getting into the language. 

Transfer of cash and other capitalized assets without reimbursement (595)
Transfer of highly liquid securities with no repayment.

Perhaps way, way back in human history, when our forebears were still fleeing saber-toothed tigers, natural selection for athletic prowess came into play.
Maybe natural selection got rid of alll the weak people.

you know i think it's really catching on you know i i think that
that sport is really catching on since the movie

This trend toward building complete resorts is perhaps the best approach attempted in recent years, since it offers something for everyone.
One resort, for example, allows guests to ride on horseback through their community.

Columns (2), (4), (7), and (10), labeled Share of Total show the volume share of each sector in total First-Class Mail for the aforementioned fiscal years.
The volume share per sector is evenly distributed.

Yes, some steps have been taken but not nearly enough or as quickly as is called for, given recent events and the vital role that CPAs play in our overall accountability system.
The CPAs have been responsible for the majority of the tasks on our squad.

A horseman held a twitch that covered her mouth, while another man held her left front leg with a strap.
As a stable hand secured her front left leg with a strap, a horseman bound her mouth and secured her head.

oh that's quite reasonable
That's a good estimate for the area, is there a discount on it?

That would mark a change from the way money earned through the Interest on Lawyer Trust Account, or IOLTA, is handled.
The way it is currently handled is poorly executed and inefficient.

Although we collected data on matters work undertaken during the last six months of 2001, we were not able to analyze and report on them to the LSC Board and on our website until 2002.
We collected data about the pro-bono work done in the last six months of 2001.

Although GAO took a lot of heat in being out front on this controversial issue, in part due to recent events, we're getting a lot of accolades now!
Controversial issues brought to light by GAO, are gaining support at a rapidly alarming rate.

they're real simple that's why i like them i just put a bunch out because you just put them out there and you water them
 They are very easy to grow just plant and water them and you'll have tomatoes in no time. 

Soon the whole cell was filled with a stuffy erotically-physiological atmosphere, and a single, abstract frustration about L.T.
The whole cell felt uncomfortable for the people who lived there.

'Tell you what, come by my place later.
Come to my house at 8pm.

Although national saving as a share of GDP remains below the 1960s average, annual GDP growth in recent years reached levels similar to the 1960s average of 4.2 percent.
Our nation is, on average, spending more than it was in the 1960s.

Good morning, said Tommy amiably.
Tommy was glad to see them.

Then he dismissed it.
Then he turned away, dismissing it.

Then them Rebs started playin' rough, an' we jus' gave 'em a lesson."Fowler snorted.
The Rebs were given a lesson because they played rough and the others did not like that.

How can anyone do that?
Can someone get joy out of doing something like that?

Would it be better for the president, and the first lady too, for that matter, to be able to give their undivided attention to getting America across that bridge into the next millennium than it is to have them distracted by the Monica affair?
Is the president purposely focusing on Monica more than necessary?

No, you must be wrong."  As Dave remembered it, Tesla had been plagued by similar doubts from such men as Edison.
Dave was an academic who studied conflicts amongst scientists.

A profile of Peter Singer, a proponent of ethical treatment of animals, pinpoints the radical philosopher's inconsistencies.
The ethical treatment of animals was debated in the federal government.

You're with us now, said Jon.
Jon likes to be with then.

According to official Washington estimates, US businesses lost $8 billion as a result of Cuba's state appropriations and seizing of assets.
US businesses lost $8 billion because of Cuba and this angered many.

All rooms are tiled, air-conditioned, and equipped with satellite TV, clock radio, telephone, safe-deposit box, and hair dryer.
The rooms all have hair dryers and telephones but calls are expensive.

It leads to the boutiques, galleries, and antique shops of the equally fashionable Via Mazzini.
Via Mazzini is considered a fashionable district, but in it you can still find art galleries and antique shops, making the place unique. 

Clinton and the Republicans are  Balancing the budget by 2002 will be (relatively) easy.
In addition, Clinton and the Republicans will go over national security.

i guess the the problem with that is there's no true authority in any kind of international verdicts
I guess the problem has come to light with increasing globalization.

Holy Smokes, they've got to eat _something_.
They are really fussy about what they eat.

Napoleon's reburial took place on Dec. 15, 1840.
Napolean's original grave had been disturbed.

Officials in charge of the bombing never consulted the experts who could have told them that the plant was legit.
The experts were never consulted by the officials in charge of the bombing because they thought that they could handle the situation on their own.

But I find his storytelling both morally easy and artistically promiscuous.
I read all of his stories.

Azay-le-Rideau
This is someones name

yeah we went up there now that i think about it on one of our long trips we take off on
It was a last minute decision to go up there on a trip.

Legal aid providers in the state are already scrounging for funding as interest rates fall through the floor, because one of their primary sources of support comes from the interest generated on client assets held in trust by lawyers in Illinois.
Legal aid providers are trying to find $175,000 in funding.

what my what i was going to study and at least i had some interest in a lot of the youth that i come in contact with are they say oh i want to be a doctor i want to be a lawyer why because they make a lot of money
The main incentive for being doctors and lawyers is the money.

Are contribution limits no different?
Contribution limits are often questioned.

i mean you know if you had long hair in high school in the sixties you got labeled a hippie and you keep that image your whole life  no matter what you do and i i just
In the sixties, every single person who had long hair during their high school years was called a hippie.

so i'd end up sitting in the car for an hour and a half and then i you know a lot of it in car fumes you know inhaling car fumes
I would cough badly after the car ride, due to the fumes.

This is the Kathesimbhu temple, built in the mid-17th century in the style of Swayambhunath (see page 42) as a service to devotees physically unable to climb up to that hilltop shrine.
Those for who climbing up to the hilltop shrine was impossible were happy to hear about the Kathesimbhu temple.

We wanted to know that is, would you be so kind as to tell us anything you know about Jane Finn?
We would be grateful if you could take a moment out of your busy schedule to fill us in on whatever you are aware of concerning this Jane Finn?

This ranch-restaurant-guest house is something of a local institution, not to mention a novelty.
The guesthouse has a total of 27 rooms across three floors.

In that way, with liberty and justice for all can be a way of life as well as a doctrine.
The legal aid system allows even the poorest members of society to seek justice.

um no no you can talk about anything you want these these things are just suggestions
My suggestions are merely that, suggestions, but you can speak about any topic your heart desires.

You wait and see, and it'll be all your fault."  
He will be to blame if we wait.

After losing his appeal and being scolded by the appeals court judges, he tried to appeal to the Supreme Court.
He tried to appeal to the Supreme Court because he thought that he had a bigger chance of winning there.

After experiencing a significant virus infection in 1989, a retailing company assigned one of its managers to step up efforts to promote employee awareness of information security risks and related organizational policies.
This was the first widely-known case of a computer virus targeting a single company.

In the heart of the old Jewish quarter, it is very is peaceful and close to the El Greco museum and synagogues.
The hotel is aimed at a Jewish audience.

well and not everybody is
Everybody will be

After all, though he was old, Poirot had been a great man in his day. 
Poirot was a great man when he was thirty.

The ramparts of its vieille ville enclose medieval cobbled streets and half-timbered houses.
The medieval cobbled streets date back from the 15th century.

The oldest most striking of the Byzantine monuments, in the northern corner of the city center, is the fifth-century Mausoleum of Galla Placidia.
The Mausoleum has been nicely preserved for being constructed in the fifth century.

I'm hoping that what this center does is open a dialogue with other nonprofit leaders to plan out what are the legal needs of the community that could be served through such a center, Padilla said.
I hope that this center boost communication with other centers.

yeah that would be really nice
Yes, dancing with you would be lovely.

Regulars have shown up yearly for decades.
Regulars have gone to the island for decades.

I decided to take that as a yes.
The person answering seemed unsure of their decision. 

There!" Tuppence handed back the pencil, and surveyed the piece of paper on which she had written with a satisfied eye: "What's that?"
Tuppence wrote on the piece of paper with the pencil.

Take a snapshot at 1200 B.C. and the Albanians can claim it
The Albanians think they own all historic monuments.

If it looks clear, beat a hasty path up to Pico do Arieiro first thing in the morning.
The view from Pico do Arieiro is fantastic on clear days.

so well have a good day and i appreciate the conversation
You will have a good day.

I hope that I can count on each of you and others to do the same.
I intend to do the same for myself as well.

However, the failure of many to withstand the powerful 1995 Hanshin earthquake that struck the Kobe area exposed the inadequacy of many construction methods and standards.
Many construction methods were designed to cut corners.

A comic persona embodies an unexpected way of seeing the world.
Someone who has a comedic way of looking at things are often fun to be around.

hi Debbie how are you
Hello Debbie, are you doing well on this New Years Eve?

3/ First-Class Mail sent by non-households to households (e.g.
All first-class mail is sent by non-households.

Perhaps that way may be more easily defended than the town itself.
The narrowness of the path made it more defensible.

uh-huh well  it's funny this week yesterday i started exercising seriously
Well that's funny, I didn't know that you also started exercising this week.

You kiddin'
You're not serious about her killing him are you?

Beyond the Pale
It was not appropriate or fair.

And the cliff was crumbling from under it, while the tread spun idiotically out of control.
The cliff was crumbling quicker by the second.

W. has bartered the high-status accomplishments of his father for something more  regular guyness.
W. is a big fan of his father.

The Commission has informed the GAO that to encourage small entities to participate in the rulemaking process as called for by section 609, it distributed a plain English version of the proposing release, it posted the proposals under the Items of Interest to Small Businesses section of its Internet Web-site, it met with groups that represent small businesses such as the security Traders Association and the New York Specialists Association, and its senior officials gave speeches describing the proposals and encouraging comments.
The senior officials want to facilitate communication.

The legislative history provides assistance in analyzing the presence requirement.
There is much to be learned from history. 

requires the Administrator of EPA to regulate emissions from nonroad engines and vehicles and to issue regulations containing standards applicable to emissions from these categories of new nonroad engines and vehicles.
The EPA regulates emissions in non-road use engines to ensure that bees remain healthy.

In the late 1970s Hong Kong became the conduit for China's goods, investment, and tourism.
Hong Kong traded with China for fifty years.

that's right that's right you know that uh thirty or forty dollars you have to pay every so many months to to keep the thing in hopefully good shape but uh i think i guess it'd be better to pay it out now than a big lump sum down the road
It is easier to do the smaller payments.

Such occasional overreaching aside, Applebome's is a shrewd, fair, and entertaining guide to the region.
Applebome's is one of the best regional guides available on the market.

These pleasant, but expensive, outings can lay the foundation for your own explorations aboard the cheap but usually comfortable ferries used by the islanders themselves.
These outings are pleasant because if you can afford them then it affirms your wealthiness.

Some participants suggested that the SEC may wish to consider pursuing the status to operate independently in setting its own funding levels, as the Federal Reserve does.
The SEC does not want to comply with standards of operation.

President Clinton nominated CIA Deputy Director George Tenet to become CIA director . Tenet replaces the previous nominee, Tony Lake, who withdrew earlier in the week.
President Clinton chose the Deputy Director because he had no other choice. 

Missionaries, Whales, and Sugarcane
As well as some other items there were Missionaries, Whales, and Sugarcane

Economic Policy in Our Time.
How economic policy in our time differs from our past time.

yeah i think it's fun i like just looking at the billboards
The billboards are my favorite part.

If you don't want the perfume, the bottles are on sale in many souvenir shops and make pretty decorative pieces.
The bottles are great at stacking as well.

Sigmund Del'Rosa, said Adrin.
It was Sigmund Del'Rosa, said Adrin

If you're enough of a pirate to be worth bothering about, Spielberg's lawyers will get you.
Spielberg also sends his lawyers against ninjas. 

If you believe that the trust fund exists, then the transaction amounts to a $1 increase in both the trust fund and the national debt--sort of a pre-emptive bailout.
The small transaction is what sparked the future economic bailout.

Those in the bottom half are threatened by globalization and technological change.
Technological change and globalization are dangerous. 

The financing of the imputed cost is also imputed to the employer entity.
Financing the costs is the responsibility of the employer because they must invest in their growth.

In Maine, much of the groundwork for comprehensive state planning had already been laid when the Corporation issued its first program letter on the subject in 1995.
The Corporation issues program letters that dictate state planning.

No one took much notice of that at the inquest ”but now it has a very different significance. 
It didn't seem important at the time.

Ebury, Yorks.
It is in Ebury or Yorks, towns in England.

well have we spent our at least five minutes  okay
Have our five minutes spent been productive? 

 The vast Mount Haleakala caldera towers over the island .
Mount Kaleakala is a volcanic mountain in Hawaii.

i think i think a lot of people are jumping on the band wagon
I will probably join in too.

You might have more fun and even success  spinning  from the back of a boat; catches of brill almost half a metre (11.2 feet) long are not uncommon in winter.
The boat is going across the lake at high speeds.

hum i've got a uh i've got a few i don't know i don't know i don't even know if they're real but they seem to be very old Greek or Roman coins that somebody gave me as i when i was a kid never done anything with them i still got still got them in a box
My grandfather gave me some old coins as a kid.

What you see at the Plaza is only a small section of the complete Western Wall, extending from the southern side of the Temple Mount to its northern end, sunk deeply in the rubble-filled earth.
The Western Wall is a great attraction for tourists.

There are Hindu motifs on the ceiling in the main hall, and in one on the west peacocks holding snakes in their beaks, for example.
The main hall was created by Hindu people.

Intent on expanding his empire into Persian-held territory, he consulted the oracle at Delphi.
He wanted to know if expansion into Persian areas would be beneficial or a disaster.

Was I turkey-cock proud th' first day I rode into town with 'em playin' pretty tunes, even though I strapped 'em on over boots as was only three pieces of leather hangin' to each other restless like.
It was a proud thing to ride into town because people were looking.

If you want us to leave, we will be gone tomorrow.
Your wish is our command. We must respect your wish if it is for us to leave. 

what kind of fishing do you enjoy
Do you like red drum fishing?

Questions on or interpretations of any material in this document may be submitted to the Managing Director, Financial Management and Assurance, U.S.
Questions can go to the managing director for clarificcation within the hour.

Nature is too good an economist to invest in such frivolities.
There's nothing in nature that isn't essential.

Someday, if he had the chance, he'd flay his own overseer, but that could wait.
He thought about how he would flay his master when given the chance.

The answer, of course, is that in the long run, it won't be free.
People seem to be largely happy to disregard this in favor of free things now.

 Susan's voice stopped and her eyes closed.
Susan died.

well i'm not really aware of those i do know that that our house uh we've had to have the shower pan in the master bedroom replaced twice
The new shower pan in our master bedroom is metallic blue.

Forcing HMOs to stay in a failing business cannot be good for seniors and would chill entry by others.
All seniors rely on HMOs. 

Newsweek nabs Robert Rubin for an unenlightening interview, Time runs a trader's diary from the Monday crashlet.
Newsweek had an hour long interview with Robert Rubin.

My job takes me to dozens of grocery stores, which distribute a great number of these offensive babble-on-ion manuscripts, and where a large number of employees read them in the break room.
I hate going to grocery stores for work.

Give yourself plenty of time for a spectacular walk out on the roof.
The roof may be reached via a staircase inside the building.

Only a relative handful of good job holders (which is to say only a few hundred thousand a year) experience serious reverses.
Exactly 251,987 good job holders  experience reverses.

so we don't really see anything if if i need something i'll go and you know use the teller machine or if she needs something she'll go and she'll use the teller machine so we don't really um have a lot of cash anymore
The ATM is how we get our money.

and start walking down the road and then we found this little hut a couple of miles down that had you know that sold stuff
We bought some stuff when we visited the little hut.

This site provides standards, guidance, and information on internal auditing best practices for its members.
This site has been designed specifically with new members in mind.

yeah so that that's sort of close enough
That's close enough to Chicago.

This is a fairly well-equipped hotel in a central location with its own parking (a great asset hereabouts).
The hotel is centrally located in the downtown area.

'He would have done the same to us the moment we fixed this train,' White replied.
He would have shot us in the head the second we fixed the alternator on the train. 

the problem was that that she is a real hard worker and has started a a couple of businesses and now she's started a Korean health food store and
She has failed at every other business that she has started.  

or for the for the people for the people which means everybody else except you
Its such a stupid notion. 

How were discrepant findings resolved?
There were no discrepant findings.

In the preambles to the proposed and final rules on the open access nondiscriminatory tariff and stranded costs, the Commission explained that sections 205 and 206 of the Federal Power Act, 16 U.S.C.
The Commission explained the sections of the Federal Power Act that the EPA signed.

If the Free Press hadn't been so eager to join the Christmas rush, Kutler might have realized he had even more scoops on his hands than he thought.
Kutler may have realized he many more scoops on his hands even if the Free Press was eager to join the Christmas rush. 

Additional discussion is found in the section on uncertainties.
More discussion is found in three sections, including the one on uncertainties.

A small Greek Orthodox church commemorates the event.
The Greek Orthodox church was built on the site of the event.

Rest assured.
Don't worry, we'll find the burglar. 

On the back of this cruel system, Jamaica gradually became the biggest sugar producer in the world and a very wealthy island indeed.
Jamaica produced sugar and other products.

Where are they? asked Adrin.
Adrin was puzzled as to where they might be so he sat down and thought about it.

Advertising
Know that ads always work

The monastery received bequests from nobility throughout the Orthodox world, and was not averse to making money from commerce, particularly shipping.
Due to its business savvy, the monastery has been self-funded fro 400 years.

Sure. He looked so crestfallen and abashed that I felt quite sorry, though I still thought my rebuke a just and wise one. 
He looked so upset that I cried.

Few bounty hunter training programs exist--the most frequently attended programs are 20-hour courses that cover only basic legal constraints.
Most bounty hunter training programs are very poor.

He had real skill.
He was a talented fighter.

Apparently he is a German spy; so the gardener had told John." Her face and voice were absolutely cold and expressionless. 
The gardener believed him to be a German spy, and a high ranking one at that.

If I could pay based on usage, Random House would have to charge me $5 for each word I looked up to bring in the same revenue.
Random House wouldn't do very well on a pay per word revenue scheme.

Don't you remember, I said yesterday I'd overheard two people talking about a female called Jane Finn? 
Jane Finn is the world's most dangerous bank robber.

A minute later Hanson, Bork and Nema were alone with the old man.
Bork, Nema and Hanson are younger than the old man.

is looking for more funding in a year when there is a $1 billion shortfall, said House Speaker Michael E. Busch, an Anne Arundel County Democrat.
The shortfall is extremely detrimental to the house.

The fact is that this country is practically swimming in abandoned pets.
Stray pets are not a problem in other countries.  

And she is on the side of Justice! 
She was determined to find the truth.

The plaintiffs claim Penrose's design is distinguished by its aperiodicity (the pattern almost but never quite repeats itself) and its five-fold symmetry (a trait that at the time was thought not to exist in nature but has since been identified in certain crystal formations).
The design is considered to be quite ugly by most critics.

Studies on brief interventions conducted in other settings demonstrate that a substantial portion of the reduction in costs is related to a reduction in use of emergency department and hospital resources.
There is more savings from using hospital resources less than from using emergency department resources less.

Scrambling and scrabbling around, I found an instruction manual buried under one of the consoles.
I found the manual under the computer so I could turn it on.

Do you want me to go with you?
Do you want me to stay home?

Sufficiently Reliable Data 31 Not Sufficiently Reliable Data 31 in the Report Data of Undetermined Reliability 32
The data was complex and difficult to understand. 

And later, a la Rousseau, As my understanding of the kinds of scripts about sexuality available to women bore down on me, the forest would function the way that fantasies of wilderness functioned for the urbanized eighteenth-century European  I would find myself making a mental reference to the forest when I searched for a symbol for female lust.
I found the symbol of female lust.

It isn't necessary to change who you are, but it would be helpful to recognize who you are.
You can change your lifestyle but you don't have to change who you are.

Ile Saint-Louis
The islands that once belonged to Saint Louis

uh something on a lake
Something was floating on top of the lake.

Two-thirds of the patients returned for a second session, but that proportion varied from one-third to 90% across the different interventionists.
Of the two-thirds who returned for a second session, ninety percent returned for a third.

She tossed it onto the largest cleared space, gobbled some outlandish noises, and dropped onto it, squatting near one end.
She tossed the platform into the space, yelled something, and dropped onto it.

Offending countries must conform with WTO rules, or face harsh sanctions.
Offenders have to follow WTO's rules or be killed.

um uh stamps i mean it seems like ever exactly everything single thing that we do
It seems everything we do is in the public eye and is judged. 

A similar uprising occurred in Hungary the same year, and the Soviets invaded to quickly crush it.
The uprising in Hungary was incited by the burning of their books.

Why didn't you say?"
Why didn't you tell us anything?

He came in to drop on his haunches and grin at Dave.
Dave was shocked at his entrance.

Two inches, or even an eighth of an inch, considered Justice Antonin Scalia.
Two inches would be a small amount.

The cover story excerpts, with commentary, a forthcoming collection of Jack Kerouac's unpublished letters and notebooks.
Jack Kerouac also produced many poems and art works.

Rome would never be the same again.
Rome had just experience a massive event.

This includes half-smoked cigarettes, condoms, packets of contraceptive pills, empty vodka bottles, a pregnancy testing kit, sanitary towels, nylons and three pairs of her dirty knickers.
The stripper had an assortment of things in her 'work' bag. 

yeah just just ever so often you know a real a real good one like that one and
Once in a while it's a good song like that one.

no blood ...
There are no visible injuries, deaths, or bleeding from wounds

In principle, there is nothing tackier about an award given by the National Association of Right-Wing Radio Blowhards than one given by the Swedish Royal Academy.
The Swedish Royal Academy is not well regarded for it's excellence.

Bet th' captain is as techy as a teased snake every time he thinks 'bout you two.
 After that incident with the frog, the captain is techy whenever he thinks of you two.

(Randy may be back a little sooner than expected, folks.)
Randy left to go for a bathroom break.

By law, H-2A workers must leave the country at the end of their contract period and most such workers are in the United States for only two to five months.
H-2A workers are not happy about that situation.

To the north, the DART will take you to the Howth peninsula, which affords splendid views along a cliff-top coastal walk.
Howth peninsula is the only peninsula in the surrounding area.

well that's darn easy then
It isn't very easy all the time. 

Jon returned to the camp with good tidings and two wrapped loaves of Gauve's wife's bread.
He was having an affair with Guave's wife. 

By 2042, gross national saving would plunge below 5 percent-lower than during the Great Depression.
By 2042, gross national saving would plunge very low, said the report.

But I suppose you hardly wish to go out to-day, as you only came yesterday."
Most likely, you'll want to go out tomorrow.

But they were both gay enough this afternoon, and chatted together like a couple of children. 
The fancied each other and chatted about it.

yeah that uh i kind of gave up on them
After that, I decided to completely give up on them.

population affected and the mortality risk facing that population are believed to affect the average willingness to pay (WTP) to reduce the risk.
Willingness to pay will increase as mortality risk goes up.

When Law's clients arrived after months at sea, the truth of the Mississippi Bubble was plain.
Law's clients were furious to learn the truth of the Mississippi Bubble.

okay well you know a lot of people have used that treatment and i center and that's probably been a good thing especially for cocaine abusers and stuff
That treatment center is probably good for cocaine abusers but not for alcoholics.

they have them right at the campsites
they are inside the campsites by the entrances 

Fernand Leger (Museum of Modern Art, New York City).
The Museum of Modern Art gets millions of visitors per year.

and one of the things that uh well they were really selling everybody on back then was this Indian Hawthorne boy you know that's the best stuff in the world
I loved the Indian Hawthorne boy. 

well you know if if they have time enough they can
If they have enough time they can save the world.

no no it it looks like a grub yeah okay whenever you yeah a lure a fly
Are you fishing with a grub?

but uh also TI has some good uh uh some good jogging tracks every once in a while while i'm sitting there eating lunch i'll look look out and see people jogging i guess on their lunch hour
I wish that I had the time to jog during the day.

Another boils down  We're Americans.
Whether or not we defend them boils down to being American. 

The friendship between Harrer and the Dalai Lama continues to this day.
The friendship between the two men has been going on for thirty years.

Since then, almost every reigning monarch has spent time (or held soirees) at Holyrood.
Only monarchs are allowed to hold soirees at Holyrood.

Also, the government's role both in investing in physical infrastructure and in allocating capital to industrial borrowers at preferential rates also resulted in many low-yielding investments.
The government has lost over three million dollars last year due to poor investments.

He has asked Congress to increase interdiction funding by 7 percent and international program funding by 25 percent in 1997.
He got the funding increase from Congress.

Such was the inspiration that I embraced Flame Posies as the name for my occasional column on the press.
My column was the most-read opinion column for its duration.

oh did it
Oh, did it occur frequently?

Much of this energy can be attributed to the residents themselves.
The energy from the residents is not enough.

With regard to roles, all CPAs are in the business of maximizing the performance and assuring the accountability of their enterprises and areas of responsibility.
CPAs would prefer to focus more on assuring accountability than on performance maximization.

Some meat producers in Sweden do, but their meat is double or even triple the usual price.
The process is available in Sweden, but at a much more substantial price. 

This requires establishing a supplier base and purchasing materials.
Many things must be done in order to manufacture a product. 

yeah oh yeah yeah it would be hard to that's that's why this she was she felt that way too but when it helped that she got to still be in a house and still have some of her own stuff
It was hard to move to a new place.

We did not attempt to verify the performance data that agencies provided.
We didn't try to verify the data we were given regarding the cases we had closed.

These would be large planets rich in hydrogen, ammonia and methane.
These planets a rich in certain elements, it would seem.

On the other hand, he had a full view of the second man and studied him attentively.
The second man was not aware that he was being studied.

And Gates and Appiah would have to be thanked for opening the door.
Gates and Appiah paved the way for those to follow.

In the middle of the nearby Pond of Neptune (Vasca del Nettuno), the burly sea god wields his trident in petrified parody of one of the Boboli's gardeners.
The pond is located nearly a hundred miles from the sea.

Now it stands to monopolize it, thanks to its ad dollars and its friends in the media.
He can monopolize it because there is ad money on each page of his site.

Shall I call a taxi?" Tommy nodded.
Tommy will be getting in the taxi himself.

As writer-actor Harry Shearer (who spoke later on a panel on comedy) pointed out, The thing that is rarely mentioned is that because this is a puritanical society and you can't show sex, we eroticize violence.
This shows the strong bond these two primal human functions share.

This is a drop in the bucket.
This is just a drop in a bucket but it is enough.

That's why This Week panelist Linda Douglass picked Johann Gutenberg, the inventor of the printing press, as the man of the  The written word   enables us to preserve our laws.
He enables us to preserve our laws.

To verify that a legal aid organization is federally funded or to find a local nonprofit legal aid office, consumers may refer to the Legal Services Corp.'s Web site, www.lsc.gov/fundprog.htm.
The Legal Services Corp.'s website is the best place for consumers to find information on legal aid offices.

The tower dominates a quiet residential district that houses embassies and government buildings.
The embassies and government buildings are closely located.

The sea urchin, Arbacia punctulata, test requires control egg fertilization equal to or exceeding 70 percent.
The sea urchins are notorious for having rapid breeding cycles.

yeah but but are are the tools that uh if you're cutting are you talking about cutting equipment or tools for that for set up
I think you're probably talking about cutting equipment, but set up tools are another option.

Across from the library is the 73-story Library Tower, (an office building), the tallest building on the West Coast, designed by I. M. Pei.
A library is a place of utmost relaxation as it is very quiet there.

 Performance standards will include criteria for ensuring that grantees have effective administrative systems in place and that clients receive quality assistance.
Clients will get a cup of coffee with assistance. 

Attractions include a dolphin pool, a medieval encampment, a number of inventive water rides, and roller coasters.
The water rides and roller coasters are ideal for children.

hardness, 180-200 mg/L as CaCO3); tests with D. pulex used moderately-hard reconstituted water (total
The tests used moderately-hard reconstituted water to dilute the solution.

The nation's human capital and knowledge-forms of intangible capital-are not part of the NIPA definitions of saving and investment.
Intangible capital can not be defined as savings and/or investment in any situation.

Both gold and silver are sold by weight with relatively little extra cost for workmanship, so they represent good value.
Platinum is also sold by weight.

Another posting stated there is a tremendous amount of pro bono work done at BIGLAW (large law firms) in civil rights matters.
The civil rights matters were pressed in courts.

The chapel was constructed in 1248 to house holy relics, fragments of what were believed to be Jesus's Crown of Thorns and the True Cross, which pious Louis IX (later canonized as St. Louis) had bought from the Byzantine emperor.
The chapel was the largest in the entire region.  

Some examples (and go ahead and try them): www.georgebushbites.com, www.georgebushblows.com, georgebushsucks.com, www.bushbites.com, www.bushsux.com.
These websites have pictures of George Bush.

What I meant was that the French set about marriage in a businesslike way find two people who are suited to one another, look after the money affairs, and see the whole thing practically, and in a businesslike spirit."
The French care more about the money affairs than they do about the two people.

right that's a real good deal in fact my dad recently got a um a Pontiac uh believe six thousand
my dad just got a Pontiac, but he's regretting it already

See some or all of the 33 rooms, stop for an occasional peek out the window over the Arno and Ponte Vecchio, and recharge your batteries at the museum's newly reopened cafe above the Loggia dei Lanzi.
The king room is the most expensive and decorated room that the hotel offers.

This time it was Steve Forbes who got the back of his hand.
Forbes got the back of his hand, literally to the face.

It's just there.
There it is and it's big. 

They appeal to patriotism and then to anarchism.
They are patriotic when they talk about voting.

The leopard-cat is not a lot bigger than a domestic cat and may nip in and out of villages.
This is because leopard-cats are actually domestic cats in disguise.

Of course, Miss Howard, I said, "I'll do everything I can, but I'm sure you're excited and overwrought." She interrupted me by slowly shaking her forefinger. 
Miss Howard always interrupted me and I did not appreciate that.  

, worker's compensation, civil service retirement unfunded liability), indirect labor such as carrier supervision, vehicle costs, and space related costs (rents, fuel, utilities, custodial maintenance).
Rent is the most common space related cost.

It would be easy enough to lie out in the hills and keep field glasses on us down here.
Some could easily hide in the tall hill grass and spy on us. There should be routine patrols to check.

You see, under the terms of their father's will, while John inherited the property, Lawrence, at his stepmother's death, would come into a considerable sum of money. 
Lawrence and John would both become rich due to inheritance.

The Arts thread was all about the legendary art critic Clement Greenberg.
Everyone enjoyed to praise clement Greenberg 

As on most tropical islands, the pace of life tends to be lazy.
Life on tropical islands are lazier because of the scenery and weather.

They tried more than a half-dozen restaurants and pizza parlors and found them variously full, out of food, closed for lack of water for washing up, and charging one-eighth of a month's salary for a single pizza.
The emergency evacuation left pizza joints understaffed and lacking ingredients.

Would he have time?
He doesn't have the time. 

it is boring here
It's boring here in New Hampshire.

you would have but
You may have won.

They must have been off searching somewhere else.
The group was searching the ravine.

Access to the lakeside is restricted, but the view from Loughrigg Terrace is one of the best in the Lake District and an easy walk from the village.
The access to the lakeside is restricted due to security measures.

Moreover, CEOs and governors can set powerful examples through their own strong relationships with CIOs.
When people are able to see CEOs going out of their way to establish strong relationships with CIOs, it goes a long way towards gaining the position the authoritative perception it deserves.

There is little doubt about the pro-choice media's unquestioning acceptance of the faulty pro-choice statistics.
Doubt is caused by low self-esteem in the media.

They're going into classrooms to help students understand and appreciate fundamental American values.
Students will be split into small groups to understand and appreciate fundamental American values. 

It's the kind of high-low juxtaposition--of reference, of language, of moral importance--that Woody Allen executes so wonderfully, such as in this excerpt from The Scrolls: Whosoever shall not fall by the sword or by famine shall fall by pestilence, so why bother shaving?
Woody Allen executed the line beautifully and the audience was impressed.

It, combined with factor number six, forms the basis for the many, important work-sharing discounts that are on the books.
It forms the basis for the work-sharing discounts that are offered to employees.

Subject to the provisions of section 417, the Administrator shall allocate allowances for each affected unit at an affected source annually, as provided in paragraphs
Section 417 is part of a longer list of provisions affecting the allocation of allowances.

that's nice did did you see the uh i don't know if it was 20/20 last Thursday or Friday night on on seat belts
The show last week was on seat belts. 

It is unfinished, as work on a mosque traditionally stopped after the death of the sultan who began it.
The mosque was unfinished and is now a ruin.

Republicans reply that they're serving their country by debunking and thwarting a bad policy administered by a bad president.
Republicans reply that they serve their county with debunking and thwarting dangerous economic policies administered by a bad president.

At one point, West quotes Du Bois--with no sense of irony--to the effect that we must have honest men or we die.
West is misunderstanding the intent of Du Bois's quote.

Strolling L.A.'s open-air markets is an excellent way to grab some delicious and inexpensive grub, enjoy the never-ending sunshine, and mingle with the locals as they shop for fresh produce, flowers, incense, and gadgets galore.
Walking around LA's open-air markets is a good way to get inexpensive food that is also fresh and international.

i'm going oh no
I am taking the first train out.

uh-huh and then you still get information too
The information you get will be bad.

The assessment also discusses the costs involved in two alternatives that were considered but were found not to adequately reflect the intent of the legislation, as reflected by the legislative history of Public Law 104-193.
The costs of these alternatives were very high.

i used to take it off the deposit
Before I changed banks five years ago, I used to just take it straight from the deposit. 

you know and uh i'm not saying that they're all good either because there's good and bad in everything but they they're already uh have strikes three strikes against them when they're out there
Sometimes three strikes is not enough to keep someone in jail for long.  

But a gun it is not buried with a man.
You don't bury a gun with a man because you don't want to waste guns. 

Leith Links is considered the  home of golf,  and there are another five municipal courses in the area.
Leith Links is vastly superior to the other local municipal courses.

Board independence does not require the elimination of all inside directors but it would seem to call for ensuring that a super-majority of board members are truly independent both in fact and appearance.
Over 90% of current boards do not have inside directors.

Market Gyrations Make Hitting Targets for Skilled Crafts an Art
Market gyrations make goals hard to hit and reward those that do generously. 

and if you like Chinese food you can take filet of fish and put a little bit of soy sauce and a little bit of sesame oil on top of it
Soil sauce and sesame oil make the filet of fish taste better.

Late engineering drawing releases to the factory floor resulted in parts shortages and work performed out of sequence.
This resulted in poor quality.

which has a lot of members uh if you can get those types of groups
Because there are so many people, they might be full at the moment.

Still connected up to the polygraph machines, I couldn't afford to let my heart spike.
I didn't want the detector to think I was lying, so I took a deep breath.

It would be more true to say that Gopnik's need to see Picasso as a rascal deforms his view of Picasso's art.
Gopnik encountered Picasso in a personal social setting and felt his personality to be distasteful as well as remebering countless rumors he has heard of the artist's many personal indiscretions. 

All rooms have color TV, alarm clock/radio, en-suite bathrooms, real hangers, and shower massage.
All rooms also contain a ceiling fan and outlets for electronics.

A quick movement on his part, and his assailant fell with a crash. 
The assailant immediately got back up again.

For the portability from group to individual coverage under this rule, HHS cites estimates formulated by the Congressional Budget Office which shows the initial yearly cost (direct cost to the private sector) to be $50 million with 45,000 people covered and $200 million by the fifth year with 150,000 people covered.
The fifth year will have sufficient funds.

how far west have you been
How long have you stayed at the places you've been to in the west?

We can defend your town.
We are able to defend your town from attackers.

Albert unbent immediately.
They were warped.

and it had a nice little area inside that course it gave you shelter and everything
There was a little house where you could take shelter.

PK denies engaging in politics with these men, but Ireland says PK is acting as their religious-right marketing tool.
PK denies engaging in politics with dangerous people, that are suspected to be mafia.

Look for Lane Crawford Ltd., an upscale store with branches at Pacific Place, 70 Queen's Road, and Harbour Cite Wing On, one of the oldest in Hong Kong; Marks and Spencer; and the Japanese department stores, Mitsukoshi, Sobo, and Seibu.
Hong Kong had a huge variety of upscale stores.

Look for the plaque dedicated to William Myers, who, it says, died on 30 February 1762.
William Myers died from an illness in February of 1762.

If the agency has not designated a liaison, GAO will provide notification to the responsible agency management official.
GAO may provide notification to the responsible agency if their McDonald's order was cold

I must do them again. 
I will repeat the processes.

Au Printemps, just next door, has the biggest selection of shoes and is famous for its perfumes, toys, and innovative household goods.
Au Printemps is open all night for shoppers who just can't stop shopping.

Her arms were bound behind her and I could see her twisted arm bending at a sickening angle.
She was tied up with a heavy rope.

Furthermore, money put in IRA accounts is tax deductible when family income is less than $40,000.)
Money helps save on taxes 

uh yeah yeah i i i think that perhaps perhaps the extended family you know that that it may be one of the solutions to a lot of thi ngs even even even child care you know i mean of course there there comes other issues you know whether or not
Child care may exacerbate the problems at hand. 

As Rajagriha, the capital of the Magadha kingdom, the town was frequented at different times by both Buddha and his contemporary Vardhamana Mahavira, the founder of the Jain religion.
Buddha and Vardhamana Mahavira often visited Rajagriha together.

The culprit is indoor air, which is filled with dust mites, cigarette smoke, cockroach remains, and pet dander.
Indoor air is actually highly toxic to the human living there.

One could go on.
One can continue for as long as he can.

David Mandel, supervising attorney, protested to federal officials about the way the hotline's grant application had been evaluated.
Mandel complained about how the grant application had been criticized.

Life was about to get very difficult until Adrin and San'doro came back to him.
Adrin and San'doro saved him from the onslaught.

Comment : Steve  The only rich person in American who thinks Alan Greenspan is doing a bad job.
Steve and Alan Greenspan do not get along.

Universal screening is appropriate in populations with high case rates.
Universal screening is useful for doctors and patients.

it's not illegal
It's not illegal in our state.

And there's an interesting paradox here with Africana : Gates is probably the only black intellectual in America with the charisma and clout to get it published.
Gates is the only black intellectual in America with enough clout to get the book and possibly movie published about the cultural ramifications of the impact on black boys of growing up without fathers. 

They died slowly, their eyes bulging and faces turning blue.
They died asphyxiated.

commercial solicitations solicitations primarily
The primary reason we're failing is because of the commercial solicitations.

no but uh what happens is in Argentina they have like all these little places like the fruit stand and you know the dairy and products and whatever and so
Argentina is known for its famous fruit stands.

 "Still I say" Oliveri shook his head as Rennie pushed past Drew and Shiloh and went out "that after seeing this one, all others will be as pale shadows of nothingness.
No other horse can compare to Shiloh, Drew will make many riders jealous when they see him.

A'deem followed them as far as the edge of the town.
A'deem was worried and wanted to know if they left town.

The difference in unit delivery costs values reflect different input prices in the two countries.
The input prices in the two countries are very different.

Or those aspects of the federal CIO environment that constrain the federal CIO flexibility and hinder the ability to perform effectively may be examined more closely, and specific strategies to cope with those aspects may be proposed.
It will not be costly to implement strategies to improve the flexibility of the federal CIO environment. 

Did Johnny Shannon suggest using Shiloh for bait, or was that your idea? 
One of you thought using Shiloh as bait was a good idea.

oh i had first had thought this was just Texas Instruments but apparently it's not just Texas Instruments
I prefer Texas Instruments. 

) to keep him out of their way.
Ensure he doesn't stop their evil plans. 

yeah and i i think that we learned from that and i think it it's one of those things that you learn the hard way it was a tragic mistake the way that they have been treated over the years and i believe that's just now turning around
Removing all of the troops was a tragic mistake.

With its wonderful light and space, it makes a tremendous exhibition area.
It could also make for a great dance studio.

Table 1 shows that the average time per day per possible delivery is 1.04 minutes for city delivery11 and 1.07 minutes for rural delivery.
Table 1 shows the information in a clear and effective way.

They sure is a grand sight: band o' roans, then one o' duns, an' some blacks.
There were more roans than duns.

His heart was beating violently.
His heart was beating furiously, he was scared.

But it may not shake out that way.
The vote for president might not go to Trump.

Not that she disbelieved in Tommy, but occasionally she was shaken with doubts as to whether anyone so simple and honest as he was could ever be a match for the fiendish subtlety of the arch-criminal.
She knew how the arch-criminal was well trained for this, and how Tommy wasn't.

They call names.
The names they call are Peter, Paul and Mary.

Reconsideration of the configuration of the LSC programs has led to decisions to consolidate the five organizations.
Reconsideration of the configuration of the LSC programs has been very very bad for Mr Banana.

I only know little old New York.
New York is a quaint place.

Oh, she shrugged her shoulders, "if it is only village gossip that you mind!"
She had warned him about paying heed to the nasty rumors Martha had been spreading.

i you know i'm i'm tired of hearing about the polls you know you know this is how he stands such and such a day
The election is next week, so we won't have to hear them much longer.

well i agree with that i i think if  immigration was entirely unrestricted uh not only would would the United States become over populated well more over populated awfully quickly i think it it would bring in a lot of uh people that are run out of other countries or in trouble in in other countries i think they'd come here trying to find a new market for their their brand of crime
There could be a food crisis if immigration was unrestricted.

It eliminates the traditional GAO divisions and strengthens teambased matrix management.
GAO divisions are essential to success.

oh God it sounds like i would i might do that then okay i learned something here
I'm glad to have learned something.

I've had a recurring dream since I was a child.
I had a terrifying dream as a child.

You will also find the grave of Greyfriars Bobby, just beside the main entrance.
The grave is old and weathered.

i know even even like steroids well how long does it take for marijuana to get out of your body
Steroids can leave the body really quickly.

The who? asked Gauve.
He was clueless.

Don't rely on public transport, either, because the bus service is extremely limited.
The bus service is extremely limited.

i'm always explaining to people i do little things like that like you know take the stairs instead of the um the elevator and
People will often ask what little things I do instead of taking the elevator.

uh more of the volunteer network service because everyone gains from it
Everyone gains from volunteer network services, so we should all take part in them annually.

From home, I call my office three or four times a day.
I need to call my office phone three or four times a day when I'm home, said the manager.

While EPA anticipates there will also be vehicle maintenance benefits, sufficient data was not available to quantify the benefits.
The data was not available to the analysts.

Anthropological, Economic, Narrative and Portrayal.
The portrayal shows how things were once.

Which brings me to the to be sure paragraph, as they call it in our trade.
They are known for being wordy.

If journalism has changed since Royko's heyday, so too have cities like Chicago.
Journalism has changed for the good, since Royko's days.

Three of these areas  (1) the automation of receipt and acceptance, (2) electronic signatures, and (3) statistical sampling regarding examination of claims in the payment process.
Electronic signatures pose a security threat.

Sweeping through the Punjab and Gujarat across to the western end of the Ganga valley, Mahmud of Ghazni (997 1030) used these raids more to finance his empire in Persia and Turkistan than to set up a permanent foothold in India.
Mahmud of Ghazni's raids caused great grief, and lead to his eventual ruin.

In the interior, left of the center nave, notice an 11th-century pulpit standing on a Christian sarcophagus of the Roman era.
The architecture inside the building is absolutely breathtaking.

Occasionally treasures can be unearthed notably old Chinese theatrical costumes and fake jewelry as you rummage among the piles of junk in Georgetown's famous flea market at Lorong Kulit.
Georgetown's famous flea market is famous for its wide variety of items.

oh no no uh i think it was something i started in nineteen fifty nine we're talking about at the most eight to nine thousand people world wide and at that time the whole world was right here in Dallas as far as TI was concerned
We have been doing it for over fifty years.

see my situation's really different because i always had an older brother that always worked on cars and he got into business and he only worked on one kind of car
I have an older sister that works on cars.

They would take her to their dungeons where they would drive a metal spike into her brain just above each eye.
They would then remove her scalp and dissect her brain.

, called deep lobbying: Rather than simply using their money to buy influence directly, special interests pursue the longer-term strategy of funding plausible-sounding people and institutions that supply intellectual rationales for the policies they want.
Deep lobbying has been in practice for many years.

He attacked with measured power, forcing her to dodge and parry.
He attacked the woman he had loved.

1.1 The use of the statistical methods described in this manual for routine data analysis does not require the assistance of a statistician.
The methods in the manual are easy for everyone to understand.

Although his study of adolescents found reductions in risky behavior and alcohol-related harm, he was disappointed to find no effect on drinking.
He studied adolescents and alcohol, starting at age 14.

The Judas Kiss (Broadhurst Theatre, New York City).
The Judas Kiss is currently running on The Broadhurst Theatre in New York City until December 2017.

Once before he had thrown her a hint in the same careless fashion.
She understood the hint that he had given her.

 Critics say it's trite and unoriginal (it follows a boy with a demonically possessed hand).
Critics say it's an unoriginal movie but the audience loved it.

When Columbus discovered the island late in his career, he called it the best, the most fertile, the sweetest, the most charming country in the world and named it Matinino, probably after Saint Martin (or, some say, as an approximation of Madinina), a name which the French later adapted to Martinique.
The island of Matinino is an agricultural hotspot as of today. 

One of the main attractions is the Parc de Bagatelle, a walled garden with the city's most beautiful display of flowers.
The wall around the Parc de Bagatelle was built in order to keep grazing animals out.

Bening plays the scene on a cascade of emotion, so that she really seems to be speaking from a different world.
Bening is has received numerous awards for her acting and singing.

absolutely absolutely i don't it's gonna be hard to um we've that's you that's you that's that's where you're absolutely right as we've got to do something in that region to encourage uh or to make to make him growing bananas profitable again i mean
you're correct about needing to petition the government about lowering the taxes on bananas

The quality of the automated systems is to a large extent based on the effectiveness of internal control.
The quality of the automated systems is usually pretty good

Everything in the house was filthy beyond words.
Nobody was able to clean the house.

After all, somebody has to be excluded, or it isn't much of an honor, is it?)
It must be elitary, otherwise it's not an honor, said the winner.

Regular posting of new material will resume the evening of Monday, July 7.
New material has not been posted recently.

yeah um and also like my mom my mom thinks and i mean she she's kind of right with it when both um partners of of the marriage work she feels that that's taking more away from that's that's increasing more unemployment for people that need to work
My mom just does not understand that most couples need to have two sources of incomes.

it's just getting green i prefer to see green than brown
It gets green every year at about the same time.

The NYT national edition goes with the maneuvering between Castro and the Catholic Church on the eve of the Pope's visit to Cuba.
Castro likes the Catholic Church.

uh-huh do you yeah do you have to do you wear waders when you fish
DO you have to wear waders or do you care if you pants get wet?

you know uh who's who's top dog  well top cat i guess you know but um we i don't i don't know i don't have a problem with it  i think they
I don't have a problem with dogs or cats. 

There must be no delay."
The speaker wants this to happen quickly. 

and but so many women are having children and returning to the work field that the the dads you know have to to follow through or a third person has to come in and follow through with with the the care and the dads are are doing more
Even with the wages of two people supporting a household, it's very difficult to raise a child in this economy.

What good is it now? said the Astronomer, bitterly.
The Astronomer was bitter because it was broken in half.

because the money becomes uh an issue the children become an issue the jobs become an issue and it's like you know what's left
I know because I've been there at various points in my life.

The big one was mine, the guy you bluffed.
The big one you bluffed was also my friend. 

The Futures Commission of the West Virginia Judiciary recently recommended that a pro se coordinator be located at each county courthouse.
The county courthouses should contain a number of lawyers.

but um i brought um my kids when they were little they had given me uh some azaleas so i brought all my azalea bushes  and you know i brought i brought as much as i could bring
The lilac bushes had to stay.

NPRMs that are published in the Federal Register have traditionally instructed interested parties to submit written comments on a proposed rule to the appropriate rulemaking docket, and have provided a mailing address where such comments can be filed.
This is so they can be entered into offical record easier.

Relief followed.
It was a very happy ending.

Appendix I provides a more detailed description of our research objectives, scope, and methodology.
Appendix I is on the first page of the book.

Not for the pleasure of your company.
Nothing I can do is worth the pleasure of your company.

it's probably about thirty or forty of them in there
It's probably about 30 or 40 blonde models in there.

Christopher Cox of California led the push for an alternative
Cox initiated the idea of an alternative.

The award was announced recently at a dinne r, held in Kilgore's honor and hosted by law school Dean Samuel M. Davis, who presented her with an engraved plaque.
The dinner was very pleasant and served great food.

We will make copies available to other interested parties upon request.
They did not want to print many copies.

Further, NIST has issued numerous Federal Information Processing Standards, as well as a comprehensive description of basic concepts and techniques entitled An Introduction to Computer  The NIST Handbook, Special Publication 800-12, December 1995, and Generally Accepted Principles and Practices for Securing Information Technology Systems,3 published in September 1996.
NIST authored An Introduction to Computer The NIST Handbook, December 1995.

Nearby, at the head of the Kidron Valley, the Greek Orthodox Church of St. Stephen commemorates the first Christian martyr, and up the Jericho Road toward the city is a small but dramatic monument to Israeli soldiers killed in the 1967 Six Day War.
There are several monuments near the Kidron Valley to commemorate different historical events.

i've everybody i've talked to has received one and i haven't gotten mine
I need to find out why I didn't get one. 

Equality feminists draw a different  The World Cup showed that women can body-slam, curse, and cheat just like men.
The World Cup showed how the women were serious about competing.

yeah who no i don't know who that guy is
I don't know who the guy standing over there is.

You can attack the privatization argument on two main fronts.
The privatization argument is not very strong, that's why you can attack it.

The present site covers 28 hectares (70 acres) of ground divided into several different natural environments.
The present site covers 28 hectares and has many animals.

FHWA's Senior Executive Performance Plans34 Performance Elements34 Performance Standards for Elements35 Performance Standards for Summary Ratings35
The performance plans are not satisfactory.

He saw the gleam of torchlight in their black eyes.
The torchlight lit up the demons eyes.

Each day saw them set out on a new quest.
Each day the new quest was more exciting than the one before it.

It is also said that Seleyman, in awe of his architect's achievement, handed the keys to Sinan at the inauguration ceremony and allowed him the privilege of opening it.
Supposedly, Sinan was the only architect who was ever granted this privilege.

10 Nearly half believed that there are not enough treatment resources to make screening worthwhile.
The majority of people thought the screening wouldn't work.

they replaced like seven of them and we just had to pay the deductible but
Seven of them were replaced, which was the right thing to do to me

Negotiations with the powerful postal unions begin in August, with contracts due to expire in November.
The negotiations are going well.

Let's find some place where we can see whether it's impossible now for you to magic up a decent meal.
Let's find a place where you can conjure up some chicken. 

you know and uh and that would make any parent feel good and bad at the same time you know first of all you're coming to me and let's see how we can get rid of the problem you know
That would make parents feel a lot of emotions if their child moved away.

And, what do you think now? She asked the Fourth Husband after coming back from the clinic.
She asked her husband what he thought about her new nose.

SCR catalyst is the only specialized piece of equipment that is needed.
The limited specialized equipment makes the project easy to accomplish.

But it is the Temple of Concord that is the best preserved Doric temple in Sicily (if not the world), thanks to its subsequent use as a church in the sixth century a.d.
The Temple of Concord is only so well preserved because it was used as a church from the 6th century onwards.

MelroseAvenue and Beverly and Robertson Boulevards are known as the Avenues of Design. 
The streets are named after very famous designers

All offer a selection of hotels, bars, and restaurants.
They have a great selection of Italian restaurants as well.

Cretans exhibited their skills with paint, clay, copper, bronze, and gold was highly prized and raw materials flowed in lapis lazuli from Afghanistan, ivory from Syria, and gold, silver, and black obsidian from Anatolia.
They traded with other nations for over a thousand years.

This requires determining which laws, regulations, and other compliance requirements are significant to the audit objectives and assessing the risk that significant noncompliance could occur.
We have to audit the president but we're not sure how.

yeah and then you know it's like i tell him you make more money than i do than i could ever really think about if i made as much money as my brother i would be just like set for life
My brother earns a lot so early retirement is of no issue to him.

Analysts credited the victory to a near-totalitarian patronage system.
Totalitarian patronage systems are a good method of control.

Thus, continuing to rely on foreign lenders to finance such a large share of U.S. domestic investment is not a viable strategy over the long run.
Foreign lenders have high fees for each transaction that is made.

A comprehensive nationalization program followed, and the government expropriated factories, utilities, and more land.
There was a comprehensive nationalization program to help the country get back on its feet.

Predicting that he would get a lot of heat for treating the minister with respect, Novak said that Farrakhan was more measured and a lot less confrontational and provocative than a lot of the politicians we talk to regularly on this program.
Farrakhan wanted to stir up the people, so he was asking inappropriate topics

National Saving and International Investment, National Saving and Economic Performance,
International investment is the total amount of domestic corporate stock purchased by foreign investors.

He pulled up to match Drew's sobered trot.
He was riding a much larger horse, so he had to occasionally slow down even further.

There is a definite pattern afoot  At first, the new job is wonderful, the people scintillating and fabulous, the work enticing and exciting.
The new job is at Google headquarters in the IT department.

yeah and he blames all of his uh tax problems on his elementary school wife
He will go to prison if he doesn't get his tax issues sorted out.

oh really oh gosh no kidding talk about asking for trouble huh
There's no better example than asking for trouble.

The elegant Renaissance style lends an unaccustomed sophistication to the nightmarish superstitions of medieval Brittany incorporated in the sculpture.
The Renaissance style was an uncommon one for sculptures at the time.

We interviewed various officials, including chief financial officers, chief information officers, business unit executives, state executive and legislative branch officials, treasurers, controllers, internal auditors, agency administrators, and human resource specialists.
We had hoped to interview officials in at least seven different fields of work, and succeeded.

oh my land i'd be scared to death to have anything that expensive
Anything above a certain value would scare me to death to have in my possession.

Applause for 32-year-old British director Sam Mendes' reinterpretation of the musical about Weimar Germany, the second Kander-Ebb show to be revived recently ( Chicago has been on Broadway since 1996).
The director Sam Mendes has been greatly appreciated with his reinterpretation of the famous musical, not only by the public but also by critics.

Duty-Free  Saint-Martin and Saint-Barth??lemy
Other islands in the area have duty fees.

techniques?
There are techniques needed.

Holding all other variables constant, and integrating their effects into the constant term, the equation for basic mail 
Holding all three variables constant and integrating their effects into the constant.

Palestinian scholar Edward Said argues that a single Israeli-Palestinian state is the only lasting Middle East solution.
A single state will be impossible for the next few centuries if hostilities continue.

well those are my two favorites
I would not trade anything for those two.

And phlogiston will quench the flame of a rocket, as your expert von Braun discovered."  The man was a gold mine of information, all bad.
Von Braun was in exile, sent away by the new rulers.

I'll look after her, sir, said Tommy.
Tommy wants me to look after her.

For these organizations, the loss of members (e.g.
Members quit from these organizations frequently.

and uh so it that's back in South Dakota where i grew up and uh so that that's uh that's been my main my main involvement is it seems like i go home and play golf more than i do around here but uh
South Dakota has better golf courses than they have here.

I'm going to bed." The door into the hall was a wide one. 
I am tired and going to bed.

He suffered the strange fate of many artists who aim for the sublime, then find their work enlisted in other all-too-human narratives.
Lots of artists want to be famous.

Keep her out of the White House.
She would just have sex in the White House if she entered it.  

The 1990s in particular have been a funereal decade, interring many of the hopes and fantasies of the earlier twentieth century, Davis intones.
Davis thinks the 90s were the worst decade to live through.

In spite of Garm's assurance that nothing could melt the sky, he found that his sample would melt slowly under the heat of the torch.
He was confident in his abilities. 

Additionally, as Governor Whitman said when she testified before you in July, including CO2 in this bill will slow down, if not prevent, the consensus necessary for passage of legislation to control multiple emissions from power plants.
Governor Whitman testified for two hours before you in July.

The geiro, a percussion instrument made of a notched dried gourd, was developed by the Taano Indians.
Many can be found in museums today.

Among modern occupations, only cult leaders and TV weathermen rival the technological visionary's ability to retain credibility despite all evidence to the contrary.
TV weathermen rivals the technological visionary's ability to retain credibility despite evidence to the contrary because we rely on the weathermen for something no one else can deliver. 

In that respect, some participants suggested that standard setters first needed to get the basics right with the current financial reporting model, for example in areas such as accounting for pensions, post-employment benefits, and pro-forma financial statements, to help restore investor confidence.
These people were all liberals who thought the reporting model was being far too conservative.

so uh uh it it it is a program that requires uh dads and just and it started out with with fathers and sons
Mothers are not needed in the program.

because it you know it's a it's a hobby you do not want to be stressed out after playing
Hobbies should be relaxing.

The second, more important answer is that analysts are crucial contributors to short-term thinking.
There were two answers given, but the more important one to the matter was the one involving the thinking of the analysts, who were the main focus of the study.

Just as we thought, said Sir James.
Sir James said he movie was just as they had thought it would be.

okay maybe maybe we're all set okay we'll talk for five minutes they interrupt at the end um yeah it says what you would have for a dinner party i just happen to plan one out for Saturday i'll tell you what i'm going to have um
I prefer to plan dinner parties for Saturdays.

well let me preface it i'm a i was a staff officer in Vietnam in sixty nine and seventy
Serving as staff officer has changed my viewpoint.

oh oh i guess that's why the actors and actresses make millions of dollars people like us you know
Some of the actors and actresses give some of their millions to good causes.

as well sometimes i think it's been on i think i've seen it during the day i know i've seen it during the day in Florida
I think it's during the daytime in all states.

But the more interesting transformation signaled by the relationship between Galoob and Lucasfilm may be the one from an economy in which companies design and make products in-house toward an economy in which those functions are separated and contracted out.
Lucasfilm and Galoob have seen a lot of success with this new strategy.

It leads into the Second Court, also known as the Court of the Divan, because the Imperial Council (known as the Divan) governed the Ottoman Empire from here.
All of the Imperial Council's important meetings were held in this court.

What they have been offered so far is a sort of junior membership, called Partnership for Peace . PFP provides for military cooperation, but no defense guarantee.
Junior memberships have an exclusive name. 

you know if i mean if they want something occasionally but most of the time if it's a need i just get it
"I just grab it from the fridge if they need something or even if they want something occasionally."

Often, it doesn't even equal two.
A lot of the time, it never even equals one.

uh it's as years go by it becomes more fun now than it was twenty eight years ago you know but uh
It's more fun now than it was five years ago. 

It began with raids on Chania and Sitaa in the 1530s by the notorious pirate, Barbarossa Khair el-Din.
Barbarossa Khair el-Din and his crew stole millions of dollars' worth of goods from Chania.

The high-quality craftwork here woodcarvings, lacquerware, and pottery is renowned throughout Japan.
Most of the items produced here are very expensive.

yeah a lot a lot of people uh my brother in laws are all everybody is bigger than me for the most part
I am the smallest person in my family.

The minarets that you see in the foreground belong to two important Islamic buildings.
In addition to buildings in the foreground, important minarets can be seen in the background.

The 16th-century City Palace on the east shore of the lake is now part royal residence, part luxury hotel, and part museum.
The City Palace converted some of its rooms into hotel rooms in the 1950s.

that we've been paying real close attention to that so we're using the ones that uh have the lower rate as a matter of fact the uh the uh credit union
We're watching over it, but only when things get really bad.

But until this year, U.S.
Things were the same until this year.

In front of you is the Weeping Column, or the Column of St. Gregory, which has a thumb-sized hole covered with a brass plate.
The Weeping Column is where St. Gregory went to cry.  

you know i really think this is good and that well i don't know i think we need that but i know i need it
I think this is pretty good and I know I need this new cellphone

Those who don't want to drive or walk around it can take the ferry, which travels down the whole length of the lake from Glenridding to Pooley Bridge.
The ferry is nice and affordable for those that don't want to walk.

Revolving funds need capital in their operations and may invest some of that
Revolving funds need more capital than anything in the world.

yeah i i think really probably what hit people's you know i know that here in the up in the uh uh the the New England area and also in in Pennsylvania Ohio and New York the just run all of a sudden we're out of landfill
the New England area doesn't have much of a practical choice but to recycle, because the landfills are full

'They don't want you at all, except in pieces,' he said.
He was trying to protect me with the warning. 

wow you have three children boys girls i have uh three as well uh mine are uh uh twenty five twenty four and twenty one the numbers keep changing so it's hard for me to remember
I feel bad I can't keep up with my kids' ages.

We will look at the chest, although ”but no matter ”we will examine it all the same." We entered the house by one of the windows. 
We want to take a look at the house.

Both magazines move to the pox on all your houses stance.
The magazines dislike the republican party. 

right yeah yes we have one of those in town uh-huh
Yes, we own one of the largest ones in town. 

Some picnickers say they're doing the animal a favor, giving it a chance of a better reincarnation.
Many picnickers are vegetarians.

yeah uh it's probably what i'm paying now for an apartment is six twenty five
That's pretty standard for an apartment my size. 

The classical design was taken from examples in Athens.
The design is a copy of examples from Athens.

Originally constructed in 1923 to promote real estate sales in the neighborhood then called Hollywoodland, the 50-foot (15-m) letters were abbreviated in later years and replaced due to age in 1978.
When the letters were abbreviated, it led to an outcry.

A legitimate businessman, Hughes was nonetheless eccentric and dramatic, a style suited to the Las Vegas ethos.
There are few Legitimate businessmen in Las Vegas. 

The shorter of the two men pointed and the larger one moved off to block the man and the donkey.
The donkey was carrying heavy objects on it's back.

The winstubs of its old neighborhoods are gathering places for university students whose predecessors include Goethe.
The students have a wonderful time hanging out threre. 

and the shrimp turn pink then you remove it and you put it on a platter and then you serve it with melted butter and uh
Serve the shrimp after you have chilled them completely.

Then th' Mexes take them Anglo hosses south an' sell 'em, where their brands ain't gonna git nobody into noose trouble.
You cannot sell the Anglo horses otherwise.

I couldn't wait to get e-mail at my office, because I hate returning phone calls.
I've been waiting two weeks for the office to get my email working again. 

And the whole concept of it seemed  What vegetarian wants to eat something labeled as steak, even if it is molded soy protein?
Vegetarian wants to label molded soy protein as steak because it makes them feel as though they are eating meat.

Southwest of the Invalides is the Ecole Militaire, where officers have trained since the middle of the 18th century.
Southwest of the Invalides is the Ecole Militaire, where officers have trained and studied since the middle of the 18th century. 

Many Republicans thought Bush's dad lost in 1992 because he was out of touch.
Bush's Dad lost in 1992 because of a generational shift.

Pardon me, madame, for recalling unpleasant memories, but I have a little idea ”Poirot's "little ideas" were becoming a perfect byword ”"and would like to ask one or two questions."
The woman was wary of answering because she did not want to relive the unpleasant experience.

Since an ACI system is much smaller and uses substantially less steel than an SCR or FGD system, cranes and other lifting equipment can be of low to moderate lifting capacity.
Cranes of large capacity are not required anymore.

But the increase in this figure is due entirely to the rise in state and local taxes.
Local taxes have increased more than state taxes.

 A'deem picked up a pair of linked dried sausages and swung them.
A'deem swung the sausages and they hit Jon in the face. 

 In the 1980s, the focus of the abortion controversy shifted to the relative rights of the prospective mother and her potential offspring.
People started to value a prospective mother's rights over a fetus's. 

The huge man's cry ceased when a lead ball from Adrin's pistol crashed through his skull.
Adrin shot the man once in the skull and he died.

Republican term limit traitors don't need to apologize for changing their minds, which they have every right to do.
Republican term limit traitors have the right to change their minds about no longer wanting to limit senator terms. 

Also in the area are Formentera's salt pans, Las Salinas.
Las Salinas produce 100 metric tons of salt every season.

As far away as Santa Fe he had heard of Rennie's Range and Don Cazar (the name the Mexicans had given its owner, Hunt Rennie).
Hunt Rennie was a well known restaurant owner.

The Postal Service has an additional disadvantage because city carriers deliver only addressed advertising mail.
Only city carriers deliver advertising mail.

Funding was declining or stagnant, many people in leadership positions were weary after years of fighting for survival, demand for the delivery of quality legal services was increasing, staff were questioning their work environments and their personal goals, technology was fundamentally changing the practice of law, and society was growing increasingly inhospitable to the needs of poor people.
Staff were becoming more burnt out as a result of increasing demand.

Behind me, the carriage doors are forced open and five men in body armour burst in.
Five men tried to kill us.

oh well i guess there were i guess it was pretty popular because there was quite a lot of Twin Peak conversation
Twin Peaks is very well known among my circle.

and when they do that they begin paying interest right from that very day on
The interest starts at noon on that day.

If they would, medical journals might need to be educated to accept articles from non-MDs.
Non-MDs can offer valuable input.

well you've you've got a point there but um do you think one appeal is is too stringent
I did not think about it that way til you mentioned that.

Historical FFA data were downloaded from the Federal Reserve Board  www.federalreserve.gov/releases/Z1/Current/data.htm and reflect data presented in Flow of Funds Accounts of the United  Flows and Outstandings, Fourth Quarter 2000
The data was useful in determining where to make budget cuts.

Moreover, only they can ensure that results-oriented management will endure despite the customarily high rate of turnover among political appointees.
Quarterly reviews are a part of results oriented management.

She too is from the north but we met east of here outside of Tog Aru.
She was 20 miles east of here.

The federal government's effect on net national saving has varied widely over the past 40 years.
The government's effect has proved more negative than positive during the past four decades.

And with that cinched into place, the black stood quietly beside Croaker.
The black beside Croaker had been docile all morning.

Sometimes it was too small, and sometimes too big, and sometimes not in the right place.
The object did not fit the needs.

But the expansion of the Secret Service has normalized a paramilitary presidency.
The Secret Service has greatly expanded since 1960.

Well, said the Industrialist, "there's no harm in that.
"Well," said the Industrialist, "we should probably try that."

Many of these wintry items are imported from the north of Portugal.
Portugal earns 6% of their GDP with these wintry exports.

It's an eternal controversy, and not even the pope can resolve it.
The disarmament of Catholics is something not even the pope can resolve.

The Committee supports LSC's efforts to streamline its service area configurations through the State planning process.
The committee supports the LSC's plan to simplify their bureaucratic mess.

Identity , by Milan Kundera, translated by Linda Asher (Harper Flamingo).
Linda Asher has translated other books prior to Identity.

Thus, it is clear that Congress crafted the certification provision as a carefully balanced compromise that ensures the President can protect the confidentiality of highly sensitive information, the disclosure of which would substantially impair the operations of government, while affording the Comptroller General the access to information he needs to fulfill his responsibilities under the law.
The President must protect confidential policy information.

Recent economic research estimated that increasing saving as a share of GDP by one percentage point above the 1999 rate would boost GDP enough to cover 95 percent of the increase in elderly costs between now and 2050.
If the Government just increased savings by two percent since 1999 it would be enough to cover all of the elderly costs until 2050.

As did many of you in this room, I started my legal aid journey fresh out of law school in 1975.
I had always wanted to embark on a legal aid journey since starting law school.

How, under the surface, behind that psychic shield, is a tender creature who's hiding his humanity.
He hides his feelings because of some kind of past trauma.

That partial-birth abortion is rare and inessential makes it easier, no doubt, for the AMA and pro-choice politicians like Republican Sen.
They would use anything to make their point.

The amount of cash flow equal to book value is an exchange of one asset for another of equal recorded value and therefore is not recognized as a gain, a revenue, or an other financing source.
The concept is unimportant and confusing. 

Congress designated a specific set of rights and guarantees for H-2A workers, including workers compensation, housing, and other benefits to ensure that these statutory goals were met.
Dental and vision benefits are included in the rights set by Congress for H-2A workers.

Occasionally a sodden leaf drifted silently down, startling them with its cold touch on their cheek.
Occasionally a brightly colored leaf would drift silently down, startling them with its cold touch on their cheek.

This brief period may have been the most fertile of his career.
The rest of his career would be a steady roll downhill.

uh so we see uh the ones that have been out for a while i was trying to think what the last movie that we went to see was probably Russia House with uh Sean Connery and uh
We don't go out to watch movies in a theater very often.

But making sense of his active, prolific career as a therapist and thinker was difficult, as Winnicott pointed out, even before his career as a liar was uncovered.
Hi career as a liar was not as prolific as his others.

Its two lower stories have a remarkable carved frieze representing scenes from the Mahabharata and Ramayana epics.
The Mahabharata has many war stories that teach valuable lessons.

However, the estimates indicate that there is ample steel and general construction labor to support the installation of these technologies over these time periods.
Steel is a very common metal and it is very cheap to manufacture.

but it's just a scary thought every time i certainly don't want to be like that someday
I will avoid becoming like that at all costs.

Time Series Analysis Organization of information within each site by time of occurrence, coupled with a systematic analysis of contextual influences on events, permits a
Very few organizations make use of this kind of analysis.

that's like my husband does that he can watch them over and over and i'm there's very few i would want to see that many times so he he once he has one he likes he likes to watch it over and over
My husband will watch the same movie twice in one day.

but i i don't know how much of a deterrent it really is
But I don't know if it would stop violent crimes at all.

Case Studies in Science Education
Science studies are vital

Kanazawa is still considered an archetypal castle town, even though the university now occupies the spot once dominated by the long-destroyed castle.
Kanazawa was a town with five castles in it.

ACTIVITY - The actual work task or step performed in producing and delivering products and services.
The services are delivered in a timely manner.

She's in no immediate danger, because if we tumble on to anything, she'd be damned useful to them.
They set her up knowing the danger she would face.

like uh uh recently i was reported as having JC Penney accounts and i don't so i called JC Penney and i said uh i just wanted to let you know that the credit agency you're using is incorrectly reporting the information that you're providing to them and they say uh-huh because they really don't want to pay for services that's not being done properly either so then they can call
It said I had an account with JCP that I closed years ago.

In the last few lines of his book, Siegel waxes strangely 
Siegel's book ends wierd, he seems to have just abruptly ended the story.

When Seleucid rulers outlawed Judaism, Jews led by Judah Maccabee and his brothers staged a revolution in 167 b.c. and, against all odds, restored the primacy of Jewish religious life in Jerusalem.
Judah Maccabee went on to become a legend among the Jewish people.

Tight immigrant networks (the personal kind) help publicize the most effective attorneys.
Some attorneys are much more skilled at immigrant rights then other attorneys.

But the TV-Internet disclosure disparity is hard to justify in principle and points to potential abuses down the road.
They were aware of the issues that could arise.

Joan McQuay, National Benefit Control and Debt Manager, Work and Income New Zealand
McQuay has been the head of Benefit Control for ten years.

I smelled something acrid.
The stench of the spilled substances filled the air with a strong acrid odor.

Both interest earnings and interest expense are included in the trust fund balance.
Interest earnings and interest expense are not the only things used to calculate the trust fund balance.

The signatories, who were the Chinese viceroy from Canton and the minister plenipotentiary of the United States of America, put their names to a historic document the first-ever treaty between the two countries.
The Chinese viceroy was best friends with the minister plenipotentiary of the United States.

Abortion is necessarily an ugly business, and it doesn't do them any good to debate the extent of its ugliness.
The abortion business is shunned upon.

In 1991, when Disney re-released the animated 101 Dalmatians , demand for Dalmatians soared.
People really wanted Dalmatians after Disney re-released 101 Dalmatians. 

But in a hostile takeover, it seems pretty clear, one plus one generally doesn't equal three.
One plus one doesn't equal to three under most circumstances, anyway.

In a rulemaking proceeding conducted in the late 1980s at the request of a mailer, the Commission addressed the question of the Postal Service's authority to negotiate rate changes in the form of a proposal to recognize contract rates.
The Commission helped the Postal Service reevaluate its negotiated rate changes and the formation of contract rate proposals.

and i think that when she passed away it was probably one of the greatest um i i i think it would be it was more of a relief for her
I think that her death was a huge release for her; she suffered so much.

The federal government decided to allow car owners to disconnect their air bags, which, according to government estimates, are killing one child per month and are on track to kill one child per week as more and more cars feature them.
Air bags are expected to kill about 24 kids monthly that's why the government allowed car owners to disconnect them.

In some cases, respondents had questions about the specific reporting requirements or requested clarification on particular items.
Respondents questioned the specific reporting requirements for the non-profits.

As the sun set, Ca'daan realized that he had wandered throughout the entire day.
Ca'daan decided to set up camp for the night.

and i i just think that it's kind of i do n't know it's kind of cruel you know they just they just breed these they breed them before they're ready uh and
They should be a few years old before they are bread

The rooms are still decorated and furnished with the Baroque pomp of the 17th and 18th centuries and reconstructed following Allied bomb damage in 1943.
The Baroque furnishings include Venetian glass chandeliers.

Three things you will need if you are a 110-year-old black writer intent on composing your autobiography on a manual typewriter in an outdoor location where New York police officers may happen to walk by.
Hipsters rely on manual typewriters to write with.

do you still have the uh train set
That train set I gave you as a child -- do you still have it?

Chimpanzees, our nearest relatives, are political animals.
Chimpanzees can be seen practicing forms of democracy in the wild.

well do you think we've covered baseball
after we cover baseball we're doing football

The Byzantines built the splendid gate on the ruins of earlier ones.
The Byzantines had pride in their construction.

Reporting will ordinarily include data in nominal dollars on investment for the year being reported upon and the preceding 4 years.
Reporting usually includes the data as measured by dollars on investment in innovation.

But bizarrely, 1.7 million of those votes were for Kemal Ataterk.
The votes for Kemal Ataterk might have been miscounted.

where do do uh do you deal with taxes much in what you do when you work or
Work expenses are a heavily taxed industry.

It was dark outside.
There was fog.

You do not see? 
It is hard to understand. 

You'll have breathtaking views acroseto the peak of Mont Blanc and the whole roof of the western Alps.
The view of the mountains is unparalleled in the rest of the country.

and it wasn't our freedom that you were saving it was just the thing the thing that that uh that i saw was okay Iraq wants to raise oil prices Kuwait wants to take Iraq out of the whole system by leaving them independent
Kuwait wants to leave Iraq on it's own.

Pierre Belain d'Esnambuc, the Norman adventurer who first claimed Martinique for France, also has a statue here, but cast in less regal bronze.
Martinique was claimed for France by Pierre Belain d'Esnambuc in the 14th century. 

One oddity to the church is called la catedral de Santa Maria de las Neus (Our Lady of the Snows) a rather offbeat choice of a patron saint for this sunny part of the world.
Since the weather is so warm, the church decided to dedicate its cathedral to the Lady of the Snows to bring about a cooler weather.

You and Miss Howard seem to know what you are talking about, I observed coldly. 
The two of you have been hiding something from me, I said.

 Constrained by the limited water supply and the absence of an airport, the pace of construction and change have been kept within reasonable bounds, with regulations stipulating, for instance, that buildings may not rise higher than four storeys.
There are plans to build an airport with the next decade.

i know excuse me just a minute i think Katy get off the phone
Katy is being annoying on the phone and I hate her.

According to EPA, OIRA raised some concerns about the scope of information collection requirements initially proposed by EPA.
Some concerns about the scope of information collection requirements proposed by EPA have been raised by OIRA, reported the news.

yeah sure but they played like professionals exactly right
I was proud and impressed watching them get their professionalism on!

We have a very formidable adversary.
The adversary is the devil.

and it's like i said at our expense
Keeping murderers alive in prison for the rest of their lives is at our expense.

Our previous reports looked at such issues as how companies matched customer needs and resources, tested products, assured quality, and managed suppliers and are listed in related GAO products at the end of the report.
We thought that the related GAO products section was the best place to list the previous reports for ease of reference.

They failed, though one effort was close enough, but their attempts would not have been made at all if they had not been convinced through their arts that you can succeed with the sky."  Dave shook his head.
They lost their confidence in Dave. 

Each year, OIM staff assists our grantees in verifying the reporting of CSR data through the annual self-inspection process.
The self inspection process is conducted by the assistant night manager.

oh fourteen well okay division one was worse  because that's the biggest division and boy when we put them on oh my God the phone you'd hang up and it would ring  it was just bad
The phone wouldn't stop ringing with angry people

Here's the Drudge Report, which spawned the TV show.
The Drudge Report people created a TV show by the same name.

On your right as you enter the square is the Scottish National War Memorial, the highest building in the city.
The Scottish National War Memorial is the highest building in the city at 3280 feet.

For scenario C, program spending increased by $1.
The program spent too much money 

These rumors of AIDS survival are greatly exaggerated.
The rumors from people with Aids surving are overblown.

And of course they would find no strychnine! 
They would most certainly not find any strychnine or belladonna. 

(Legend has it that the division was accomplished by having a Frenchman and a Dutchman start back to back pacing off some say the Frenchman got more of the island because he had a longer stride, or that the Dutchman stopped too often for a snort of gin. )
The Frenchman knew of the Dutchman's weakness and agreed to the method.

Again, there is also the obligation for Americans to distinguish between needs, wants and affordability.
It takes a prudent American to realize that needs versus wants matters most.

Such is life in limbo.
I can't decide what to do.

Spectator sports
Hockey is the best spectator sport on earth.

I sent off Albert post-haste to Mr. Carter.
I sent Albert to Mr. Carter with my letter of resignation and a request for my final months' wages. 

It is not overarching moral or political meaning that Didion has suddenly discovered.
Didion was looking at moral and political viewpoints.

He lay down for two days but didn't improve.
His cold got worse after two days.

For example, the AIM-9X missile program completed 95 percent of its engineering drawings at the critical design review because it made extensive use of prototype testing to demonstrate the design met requirements coupled with design reviews that included program stakeholders.
Engineers spent three years designing prototypes for the missile program.

The American Psychiatric Association does not formally recognize sex addiction as a mental disorder.
The American Psychiatric Association has a formal list of mental disorders.

Today, however, the main arts festival is only part of a veritable circus of summer activities that seem to turn the city upside down.
The summer activities have changed peoples mood within the city.

"Makes sense," Anse commented.
"That plan makes sense," said Anse.

hum i really um have gotten out of the habit of listening to the radio from any kind of even music and um
I am not in the habit of listening to the radio but I miss it.

the only real restrictions they have are uh no halter tops and no shorts even the long walking short of the squirts the the split skirts anything that that could be considered shorts they don't allow and they don't allow um
They said halter tops should have jackets over them.

This is a difficult trek that, although feasible by car, is usually incorporated on the itinerary of jeep safaris.
The jeep was equipped with bullet-proof glass and a state of the art navigation system.

He caught the shaft of the other axe with his left hand as it came in and kicked the assassin in the chest.
The assassin got injured from the kick.

With a single cut she opened the demon's throat and black thick blood ran into the bowl.
She sliced open the demons throat with a sword and black blood ran into the bowl.

The late 18th-century Chapel displays some fine plasterwork and dazzling stained-glass windows, together with a 20th-century organ in an 18th-century case.
The chapel is an impressive looking building.

Not by accident did Van Gogh come from the Netherlands, Picasso from Spain, Max Ernst from Germany, and Chagall from Russia to make their home in France.
Well-paying French patrons attracted many notable artists, musicians, and sculptors with their wealth.

No, you wouldn't, said Jon.
Jon said the person would not want to join in the battle.

Yet to do this is to miss the very essence of what the island is all about.
The island is about something you shouldn't miss.

Five, we had, before the war, when it was kept as a gentleman's place should be. 
We used to have a lot more before the war.

Wolf did call after this item was posted, but our conversation was off-the-record.
Wolf called me using his Samsung Galaxy Note.

The Symposium has also been the vehicle that has helped enable West Virginia to unify and transform its delivery system.
The Symposium alone helped enable the transformation of West Virginia's delivery system.

The business community could deliver funds and help with real needs.
Needs that the business community could deliver on include health care benefits.

The acid rain program has been a resounding success, cutting annual sulfur dioxide emissions in the first phase by 50 percent below allowed levels.
The acid rain program started three years ago.

As a result of the program monitoring and evaluation activities these reviews permit, the government has set new, more challenging targets for future performance.
The program monitoring and evaluation required by these reviews doesn't take time away from the program itself.

yeah i think they should change the whole system so that it's easier i think i think more people would do it if it wasn't such a hassle
It is an enormous hassle, and that is preventing people from doing it, so they should completely change the system.

oh yeah my husband said he's never joined a course right and i got one of those Jane Fonda workout tapes that i dubbed from a friend that didn't last long i got one of those after i had a baby i think
There are no means of finishing the course in which you have joined once you do.

The Jura mountains cover several eastern d??partements making up the region of Franche-Comt??.
The Jura mountains are located to the south of the Franche-Comte region.

Their love of their child, and their child's love of them, depends not on genetic math but on a long and complex chain of bonding, much of which they have already voluntarily missed out on.
It's not unusual for people to say that they voluntarily missed out on bonding out of necessity.

Chavis and Farrakhan both argue that Christianity and the nation are incompatible, and many predict that the 49-year-old Chavis will ultimately succeed Farrakhan.
Farrakhan believes that the goals of Christianity as a cultural force are what's at odds with the nation.

That loan raised their payments to $2,051 a month, or 84 percent of their current monthly income.
Around 10 percent of their monthly income is spent on rent.

Market Street is home to the Edinburgh CityArt Gallery, showcasing the work of up-and-coming artists.
Many currently well-known artists got their start through Market Street.

The user may prefer to sacrifice in-depth information for generalizability and we will have to use other methods, such as surveys or secondary analysis of existing data.
The user can prefer to sacrifice in-depth information for more general information, depending no how many researchers are available.

'It's right over-'
It  is behind you. 

Oil  So could we, as long as it's in the Middle East.
As long as oil is in the Middle East we will go there at anytime.

'Apparently they had a Plan B,' White muttered dryly.
There was a plan B and that plan was to blow everyone up. 

they plead insanity and then three years later they're cured and let loose on society again
They knew they were faking it the whole time.

Carbon-dating traced the remains of Kennewick Man to between 7265 and 7535 B.C.
The Kennewick Man was very difficult to carbon-date.

Front woman Chrissie Hynde still shines with her trademark snarl and gravelly voice, but some of the songs are serious clunkers, and even the best sound like a rehash of the band's older material.
Chrissie Hynde has won numerous awards with the band's older material.

Now the tradition of open-air discussion continues over coffee or a glass of wine on some cafe terrace on the boulevard St-Michel or in the streets around the faculty buildings.
These discussions are not well appreciated by the faculty.  

As the magnitude of these improper payments became known, pressures increased on government officials and legislative bodies to reduce them.
The committee worked closely with house members to rein in the unacceptable payments.

he yeah there there's a lot of advice out there for how to get a budget and i i'm not expert again because i don't really do it monthly
I know someone who can do my budget for me though.

because uh apparently the foundation shifts a little bit under that but that was a design problem because we put uh and we designed the house so it's our fault but we had them put the shower on a corner uh like our house is built in a U shape
We chose to put the shower on a corner because it gave the best view. 

Newsweek offers a time line of the doctors' plans for a successful delivery.
Newsweek has a time line of the doctor's plans for a successful baby delivery.

You'd be wise to conclude the same.
THe conclusions are all correct.

it just seems like a lot when you hear about companies that keep continually advertising or stating that they're you know you know cutting out so many thousands of employees it sounds like big numbers of people out there
Due to economic stress, companies are cutting a lot of employees.

Although you're driving along narrow mountain roads, you'll feel much safer than in the plains, because everyone takes infinitely more care; lorry and bus drivers are clearly subdued by the deep ravines.
The people in the plains are careless drivers.  

More complex case studies might need several layers or graphics; less complex, few.
The most complex case studies require the most creative use of graphics.

He saw the slight twitch of her cloak and thought he might already be dead.
She was lifting a pistol from her coat.

Climbing out of season (especially in wet weather) is not recommended, but people do it all the time.
Climbing in wet weather means you'll be more likely to fall.

I got it! It's gonna be a hit! A young student, of psychology maybe, judging by his 'I Want my Momma' t-shirt, yelled out.
The young student had a 'eureka!' moment, and thought that idea will make him rich.

and uh everything i mean and and the expenses you know of the war you know it's like uh you know it's like who's gaining on this okay because uh i uh does does the US government own any gas companies like like you know like gas stations and stuff
Companies might include Shell and Exxon.

He lives by buying up old ceremonial objects retrieved from synagogues nearly destroyed by the Nazis.
He also buys other Jewish objects from the World War II era.

Together with the Conciergerie (see page 30), it sprawls right across the Ile de la Cite.
Besides sprawling across the Ile de la Cite, it along with the Conciergerie goes through other smaller villages nearby.

A bunch of people twirled past me, dancing.
People were doing the salsa.

they've had some great games in the past
The Clippers have had some great games in the 90's.

you know because it takes longer than some products some other foods in your stomach to digest that meat
It is easier to digest vegetables than meat.

The quinquennial military service credit adjustment paid between the General Fund and the social security trust funds is likewise an other financing source to the social security trust funds but one that may be either positive or negative.
The social security trust funds receive a lot of financing.

I've been offered a job in the Argentine, and might as well take it.
Ive been offered 69000 dollars starting salary. 

When I was in the Nixon administration, we were all very buttoned-down during the week.
Everyone in the Nixon administration was content with how conservative we were during the week.

The forgery story spread from the Times , Tribune-Review , and Telegraph to the rest of the Whitewater Web.
The story was based on false evidence from an investigation.

On the Rue Saint-Vincent, at the corner of Rue des Saules, look out for Paris's own vineyard, the Clos de Montmartre.
Paris has a vineyard that is 800 square feet.

With the Dutch concentrating once more on Java and the Moluccas in the 18th century, the Bugis took advantage of the vacuum by raiding Perak and Kedah, imposing their chieftains in Selangor and becoming the power behind the throne in Johor.
Once the Dutch were preoccupied, Bugis went on a rampage and became the most powerful man in India.

that they have but what about um their reputation of the company or the price
The reputation of the company is more important.

trouble is i can't get them tight enough
They are not easy to tie down.

Legend has it that a local woman climbed the hill every day to watch for her husband returning from across the sea; one day the wife and her child were turned to stone as a permanent symbol of her enduring faith.
The woman's husband was pronounced lost at sea. 

The best of the local beaches, most of which are pebbly, is south at Albir, between Altea and the Sierra Helada.
Albir is the least pebbly of all the beaches in the region and has the most activities. 

Providing delegated authorities can enable employees to control their own work processes and schedules.
Two hundred employees can control their own work processes and schedules.

You give your name to one site, but choose not to give your name to another, yet unbeknownst to you, the sites are allied, and using a common cookie identification, they can share what you didn't want shared.
Most people find this intrusive.

What word is taboo in middle-class America in 1996?
What word offends people the most in 1996?

Although in 88 b.c. , Mithradates made a swift and successful raid from the East across Asia Minor and the Aegean Islands, the next major power change brought influence from the West.
He raided from the East across Asia Minor creating a new trade route.

but uh that's right i'm not yeah outside of of uh pro football i'm not too interested in other games uh other sports anyway
I would only be interested in attending a game if it was a pro football game.

On the sides of the tomb bearing the recumbent statue of the duke are carved 41 mar?­vel?­ously expressive figures of mourners cloaked in monastic capes, variously praying, meditating, and lamenting.
Every single side of the tomb is completely covered by figures of mourners. 

Its lesbian/bisexual (we're never told which) female subject allows shoes to tap wider contexts of a male protagonist wouldn't have had her access to the history of discrimination in the work place; and an infusion of color ( race) might have narrowed the canvas, making the problem seem less pervasive than it is.
The female subject is in her mid-thirties.

What kind of person would write a question about race and then get all shirty on people who were just trying to have a little fun?
It's silly to get mad about things, you should just get even.

well i bet it's not bad
It really is, just a few beehives in the tree.

Our assistance to the Congress at public hearings continues to remain high, as illustrated below.
Congress gets help from the Secret Service at public hearings.

1.15 Given the importance and complexity of government programs in providing a variety of public services, auditors are increasingly being called on by legislative bodies and government agencies to expand the variety of performance audits to include work that has a prospective focus or provides guidance, best practice information, or information on issues that affect multiple programs or entities already studied or under study by an audit organization.
Auditors make very little money and live in small homes.

Just as the Daily Worker and New Masses , socialist papers from the 1930s, were peppered with citations of Marx and Engels, Educational Liberator is peppered with references to their libertarian equivalents--Friedrich Hayek and Ludwig von Mises.
The socialists worshipped Carl marx. 

Ca'daan knew Severn cared not at all for the horse traders of Fena Set.
Horse traders in Fena Set were doing horrible things.

For trust funds (except trust revolving funds) and special funds, as explained elsewhere, the interest is normally but not always a nonexchange revenue.
Trust revolving funds have higher interests than trust funds and special funds.

Public Administration and Policy
The policy is strict.

EPA considered comments on both the initial and the proposed rule in making these decisions.
The EPA dismissed most of the comments out of hand, but some were useful.

This idyllic spot is as far as you should attempt to drive the tropical track ahead will defeat most vehicles.
You shouldn't drive any farther because it's not safe.

 Until the 1960s, Sant Antoni was a fishing village tucked into the pine trees at one end of a magnificent bay.
Sant Antoni was a fishing village hidden in the pine trees at the side of a magnificent bay before 1960s when it got destroyed by an earthquake.

uh here's what went on in Asia over the past week and there's maybe a page of that little brief paragraphs unless that was one of their the focus of their main stories
One of the main stories should have been dedicated to Asia.

The monument to Perry and Harris, not far from the harbor, celebrates these epochal events, as does Shimoda's annual Kurobune Matsuri ( Black Ship Festival ) in May.
During the winter months, very few visitors come to Shimoda.

Trends toward increased automation and workplace flexibility have changed the operating environment.
Trends show that automation has increased by 50 percent.

right even though there's probably women with MBA's maybe even PhD's that are staying at home with the children um
Some women might work from home with kids, though. 

This body of knowledge served as a foundation for designing our project approach.
We built our design on the assumption that it would not grow.

Daniel, wrapping up the session, soberly reminded his colleagues that those who have abused their absolute freedoms by making movies that are soiling and unwholesome have only themselves to blame if Hollywood's era of unregulated bliss is over.
Daniel told his colleagues that they are to blame for Hollywood's current state, but it was inevitable at any rate.

but they need to pay for it too because they couldn't do that somewhere else
They need to pay for the international debt too

The tribes of Israel were then scattered to roam the world as the Ten Lost Tribes.
Some of the tribes of Israel reunited back again.

Another famous center is run by David Lloyd at Clube de Tenis Rocha Brava near Carvoeiro.
The centers are famous for their wellness treatments.

Some case studies rely wholly on quantitative data.
Quantitative data is most useful 

and uh you know we've eaten there sometimes and it's pretty good it's you know it's a little more expensive than than i normally like to spend plus the other thing is i'm not uh i'm not a big seafood fan
They only serve seafood.

It carried spring water from near Uz??s to the town of N?®mes, a distance of 35 km (22 miles).
Spring water needed to be carried for drinking.

she drives and everything she she's perfectly healthy uh
She drives tractors and she's perfectly healthy.

we did we did last night uh some real massive thunderstorms
The thunderstorms were strong.

The average California farmworker is employed 6-9 months per year and earns between $5,000 and $7,499 annually.
Farmers are underpayed for the work they do in California. 

One of them is my oldest friend, who is now going to college several states away.
My oldest friend is going to college far away, I'm so sad about it.

Critics note the emergence of Lewis and Clark chic (a miniseries and a movie about the explorers are imminent).
Lewis and Clark's popularity shift can be attributed to historical specials that raised interest in exploration in the 1800's.

Shields notes that the Democrats are in a win-win situation--if the bill dies, the Republicans can be attacked as pro-teen smoking; if it passes, the Democrats can claim credit.
The democrats are in a win win situation with this bill but the republicans will take advantage of that.

Gray Cloud knew the path and did not stumble.
Gray Cloud had prepared for this path.

All right, so I lost my cool with those Hasid guys on Broadway who come right up to you and ask if you're Jewish.
Jewish people make up a majority of people on Broadway.

Strategic Directions 2000-2005 identifies technology as a primary strategy for enhancing client access to services.
Technology helps fuel the economy and change every day lives, including that of the clients.

Vaclav Havel was in New York in the spring of 1968, participated in the student strike at Columbia, joined Alexander Dubcek in the short-lived liberal uprising in Prague that summer, and became the president of Czechoslovakia in 1990.
Vaclav Havel was an extreme liberal.

Look out for chunks of juicy swordfish skewered with onion, pepper, and tomato, and grilled.
Swordfish skewered and grilled with different vegetables is delicious.

yeah believe it or not
It is true.

FinanceNet serves as a vehicle and catalyst for continual improvement and innovation, at all levels of government, by impacting financial management resources, practices, policies, and professional standards through the electronic sharing of best practices and dissemination of electronic information.
FinanceNet helps the improvement of the government.

But Spain's two other major colonies, the Philippines and Puerto Rico, simply changed hands, becoming colonies of the United States.
The Philippines and Puerto Rico were won by the United states in a war with Spain.

Quick, what is your vision?
You have good vision.

and we bought one of the cheapest houses you know a tract house
We like the house that we bought.

Successful management improvement efforts often entail organizational realignment to better achieve results and clarify accountability.
Workers and staff members are usually disgruntled by organizational realignment efforts, however.

Mailers are now presorting their mail, barcoding their mail, changing flat-size pieces into letter-size pieces, consolidating their mail, and carrying their mail great distances in order to enter it at specific locations.
Mailers have found that a system of organization makes the larger volumes of mail easier to deliver.

48 As shown in figure 4.5, total Medicare spending (Part A HI and Part B SMI combined) is expected to consume 5 percent of GDP by 2035-more than double today's share of 2 percent.
Most thinking people would consider the projected rate of Medicare spending to be cause for concern.

i don't know how they can let a neighborhood or apartment complex that's what happened that's what's wrong you know
The neighborhood or apartment isn't right.

you want to be with the children yet there's so many material things to be had out there that a lot of people think oh but if we both work we can get a really big house and we can get two really nice cars we can take a vacation we can do this and
I prefer to be home taking care of my children , were some think both parents should work for a bigger home and nicer things.

I did math in my head.
I calculated it mentally and then wrote it down.

He let go the cage which swung back and forth pendulum-fashion.
The cage held a man in a bird costume.

Organized walks are usually offered on Fridays; check with the Christian Information Centre inside Jaffa Gate.
The Christian Information Centre provides all the information.

An act of courage that the sergeant didn't even notice.
The sergeant was terrible at noticing things.

you know and then uh my uh husband was with them at night
I was not with my husband last night.

um yep but i love to cook i wish i was a better cook than i was but i i love to cook
I love to cook meats

They allow more efficient delivery because the carrier makes only one stop to deliver to several addresses (commercial or residential).
The carrier sometimes has to do more than one stop.

On a lawn surrounded by 24 palm trees, a cenotaph pays tribute to Chief Commissioner Sir Henry Lawrence, who was killed during the attack.
Only cenotaphs are used to play tributes to the dead.

A national apology for slavery would be hollow and facile, but America should erect a slavery memorial on the Mall.
A token national apology for slavery might even be considered insulting to the descendants of slaves.

It provides an analytical perspective on the Government because it shows the short- and long-term directions of current programs.
Long-term directions are more important than short-term directions when doing an analysis of the Government.

In addition,  CPA Links provides a gateway for online users who wish to visit other accountingrelated sites on the Internet.
CPA Links are not discriminatory in their information of accounting related sites.

Romantics will warm to further Enquirer disclosures.
Romantics are the number one customers of the Enquirer.  

Thus far, we have examined carrier time per possible delivery or per box.
They have examined carrier time per possible delivery of wild animal.

This growing number of titles leaves publishing houses with less time and attention to edit and market books.
Books are getting longer and have more words.

well um i guess i i'm more concerned about public safety than i am about the um the concern for the private uh the idea of preserving privacy for the individual um because i can't really see why anyone
The results from protecting privacy result in less help than in protecting public safety. 

Did you ”while you happened to be alone for a few seconds ”unlock the poison cupboard, and examine some of the bottles?
Did you have a key to the poison cupboard?

Funny, Clinton Reportedly Said the Same  William Safire ( Meet the Press ) wows his fellow panelists with the news that he had bumped into Monica Lewinsky at a bar--well, actually, the Cosmos Club--this week.
Safire ran into Lewinsky in public in DC.

uh i listened to more than one parent say i don't know what this child wants i'm working two jobs they each have their own television they each have their own telephone they each have their own rooms they each have this they each have that i'd say but what they don't have is you
All the things the parent gives them doesn't make up for parental care.

If you have any questions on the information we are providing or if we can be of further assistance, please call me on (202) 512-5500 or John H. Anderson, Jr., Managing Director, Physical Infrastructure Issues, on (202) 512-2834.
I am the best resource for any questions or assistance required. 

he is eventually
He is a slow worker.

Mrs. Cavendish, of course, could not be called upon to give evidence against her husband. 
Mrs. Cavendish wanted to testify but was not allowed to.

and when i went over there i packed a lot of clothes and i packed two sport jackets and two ties and the ties got lost and never got there and i was there three years or four years rather and never missed them
I packed two pairs of ski pants in case I would need them during that time.

and it's just an old old compact that is super slow and but it does it does it's job so
It's an old and expensive compact, but it does the job.

i guess that's it
I suppose that will do, until it comes up again.

The ferry also calls at the smaller islands of Kinal??ada, Burgazada, and Heybeliada.
Heybeliada is the largest of the three smaller islands.

Base year data will be actual receipt and outlay data for the last completed fiscal year
Base year data will show the data for FY 2016.

Suddenly his face cleared.
He'd been hit with the final piece of the puzzle.

However, on Saint-Martin and St. Barts you'll also be saving the city or state sales tax that may be levied at home.
Be sure to keep your total purchases under $600 to save on customs fees.

Productivity measures the actual man-hours used versus those planned.
When productivity is measured by actual man-hours used people are incentivized to work harder.

The sum of national saving and saving borrowed from abroad represents the total amount of resources available for investment, that is, the purchase of capital goods-plant, equipment, software, houses,1 and inventories-by businesses and governments.
Businesses and governments rely on $15 million in investments. 

yeah um that sounds good
Yes, that sounds good, but I don't want to do it. 

no you know that's why the price price of mailing a letter keeps going up
The price of mailing a letter keeps going up because of demand and supply

It does not receive anything of value from the Government in exchange for its deposit of earnings, and on occasion it has been required by law to make extra payments.
Sometimes you have to make extra payments, it is required by law.

They foster our objective of improving access to justice for clients.
We hope to institute many more initiatives to increase access to justice.

As a result, our only remaining recourse is either to file suit in the United States District Court for the District of Columbia or to forego further assertion of our access rights.
The suit is unlikely to be successful at regaining access rights.

Republicans in Congress, by contrast, generally favored constructive engagement with China, while liberal and protectionist Democrats usually opposed it.
Republicans wanted to engage with China because they thought it would be good for the economy.

In Table 7-1 the Supply Basis may be current U.S. demand, capacity available to U.S. users, or other basis as appropriate and described in the table notes.
The U.S. Supply Basis is directly related to demand.

Whenever someone testifies, gravitas follows.
The press is always around whenever anyone testifies.

The rooms were also equipped with the newest four-processor multi-media computers - two per student, to teach him divided attention in a modern battle field simulation.
The principal thought it would be a good idea to get the school computers.

It rejects Albania's claims for independence but decries the crackdown.
Albania wants to be independent but Russia won't allow it.

Wild raspberries appear along with magnolias, rhododendrons, orchids, and other epiphytes (plants that grow on other plants but are not parasites, since they procure their own food supply).
Wild raspberries are a culinary treat in many cuisines.

We have joined in this fight to protect the town.
We will help protect the town against the warfare. 

He passed a village, but it had been looted, and he skirted around it rather than stare at the ghastly ghoul-work of the looters.
They were stealing television sets from the local department store.

A tiny, treeless rocky island regularly swept by summer winds has become one of the most popular vacation destinations in the Mediterranean.
Because it is treeless, the island has become very popular among vacationers. 

Continue along this road to reach the pretty coastal town of Molyvos (also known by its ancient name, Mithymna), a popular spot for tourists.
Molyvos has a beautiful hotel although it is filled with tourists.

It's hard to recall a more chilling stretch in modern movies than the one before the last big battle, when the American soldiers, surrounded by the debris of a devastated town, listen to the echoey, piped-in strains of an Edith Piaf recording--and then hear the first low rumbles of approaching German tanks, each man alone in the shared knowledge that this foreign music will likely be the last they'll hear.
It is hard to watch the soldiers listen to the music and wonder if it is the last thing they will hear.

Similarly, the auditor should recommend that the agency take appropriate actions where senior management involvement seems lacking, or where the project organization is unstable and subject to high turnover.
the auditor should recommend that the agency take a break from all this shit

how the instances were selected, taking into account
A certain system was followed to select the instances.

'Excuse me, sir.
Someone replied "Don't worry"

What if I'm wrong?
I am worried that I should have gotten chocolate ice cream instead of vanilla.

Nurses identified lack of resources, inadequate training, stress, poor morale, and no perceived value to the intervention.
Nurses lack the resources to adequately perform their jobs.

Russia took over the space program--with massive expenditure cuts.
Russia slashed funding for safety programs to save money.

oh well she she doesn't have to worry about public schools yet
She will deal with them when she gets there.

I quite understand that.
I understand this math topic.

Generally, scheduled outages will govern which method can be used for multiple FGD system installations.
Scheduled outages are irritating

and you haven't you and you never see it
It is hard to see.

The supporters of the deposed James VII and his successors, exiled in France, were known as the  Jacobites.  
Some of the Jacobites married French women. 

Auditors should place their findings in proper perspective by providing a description of the objectives, scope, and methodology used to conduct the work.
For security reasons, auditors are as transparent as they can possibly be in their line of work.

and uh World War II debts have never been repaid i think the US just wrote them all off
Most war debts go unpaid, and this is no exception.

uh-huh uh-huh i was about to say you're not going to take her to that one i'm sure do you take her or do you go to a lot of comedy movies or to
Are comedy movies yours or her favourite movies?

As for me, I was literally dumb with astonishment. 
I was utterly taken aback and astonished at once.

You don't think, you just act, and endless seconds later the baby is back in Reese Witherspoon's arms.
The baby belonged to Reese Witherspoon.  

This is how it works in today's an aniseed-scented trail is laid on the morning of the race, and the dogs are sent off across the fells to follow it, disappearing out of sight through the bracken.
The trail is laid out on the day of the race and the dogs have to find the path using their noses.

and it's uh oh it's just i don't know it's a it's a total free relaxation because hey you can do what you want you're a female and no one is staring at anybody else or worrying about what anything else is doing
Itis very relaxing since you will not have to worry about being stared at.

Soon it overflowed with the thick liquid and ran down her hands.
The liquid was sticky and warm. 

right and i i in general i feel that um i don't know what this still proposes far as what age or or how they would do this but i feel that reaching the kids when they're younger is better though i think once they're out of high school they're so into their own thing that i think it would be very difficult maybe by that time they're too uh calloused to what is even going on you know where as younger children it's the it's the grade school children when there say no to drugs and that type of thing in school
A child who receives drug education is more likely to graduate. 

Palo, a slightly bitter aniseed drink dark brown in colour, tastes best in a long tall glass with the addition of gin or soda and ice.
Some companies change the colour of the drink in order to make it more attractive to their consumers, but others play up the authenticity in keeping the original deep colour.

Napoleon invades north then much of Italy
Napoleon was seen as fair.

The Russian, studying him attentively with his pale venomous eyes, bowed.
The Russian bowed as he glared at him.

His name is Thorn.
The man was named after his father. 

But they marketed themselves as people who had been through the process of recovery, surrendered their will to their higher powers, and freed themselves of addictive behaviors.
They wanted people to think that they had been through recovery and prayed to a higher power to overcome their addiction, even though some of them took medication to get rid of it.

I took up a telegram to No. 891 the lady was there.
The lady in No. 891 was glad to receive the telegram.

He was probably about fifty years of age, his shoulders cringed a little as he talked, and his eyes, small and crafty, shifted unceasingly.
It was apparent that there was something very wrong with the man.

That is the only course I can suggest, and I must confess I do not hope for much result.
I really don't have any idea and don't think it will do much good.

well i'm just saying i shouldn't i shouldn't blast him like that say oh well Laufenberg got out there and blew it for them i mean he didn't get to see much action but it's too bad because now now you know he had a shot and and didn't look too good and so no one is going to have much faith in him any more
Laufenberg was carrying an injury into the match which explains his poor performance

The guilty officials worked for the ministries of public economy and privatization, defense, justice, employment, and immigration, as well as in the courts and in regional customs and tax offices, the paper said.
There were guilty officials in almost all of the different ministries.

To approach humanitarian aid from the perspective of a few of its providers, try the U.S.
To approach humanitarian aid from the vantage point of a few of its providers, try the U.S or Canada.

Closed Sabbath.
It's closed on the Sabbath and during Passover.

Let Netscape track me so long as they disclose what they are doing.
I trust that Netscape will not use my location for evil purposes.

It illustrates the influence of the emigres on postwar American art and exposes American reluctance to rescue the artists from Nazi persecution.
No artists will be prosecuted 

Downtown casinos are a bit more flexible when it comes to house rules, offering lower minimums and higher (sometimes no) limits.
Because of the greater flexibility in house rules, there are more visitors to downtown casinos.

He scanned the great lawyer eagerly.
He looked at the lawyer and how he was dressed.

Miss Howard, in particular, took no pains to conceal her feelings. 
Miss Howard likes to be perceived as professional and cold.

Results from such studies will be used.
Results from the studies will be used to devise a plan for fixing the budget.

Some people may tap their wealth by selling stocks or borrowing against their home equity to boost current consumption.
There are many ways to earn a fortune. 

Swear that my name shan't be brought into it that no one shall ever know. 103 "I swear it.
Swear that nobody knows about this only until after I die. 

After Vasco da Gama landed on the Malabar Coast in 1498, the Portuguese invaded the area and seized Goa from the Sultan of Bijapur in the year 1510.
Vasco da Gama is the sole reason that the Sultan of Bijapur lost Goa to the Portuguese.

A third type of city delivery route is the foot route.
The first and second city delivery routes are considered quicker and more efficient than the third.

yeah then you have to get up the next day and move it on
You have to get up really early to transfer it.

LSC had long noted that grantee programs provide referrals and community legal education, that they engage in outreach, and that they work cooperatively with other groups to address the needs of the low income community.
LSC noted that grantee programs provide referals and legal education, engage in outreach, and work with groups to help needy low income communities like Detroit and Flint Michigan.

I've decided to let Dave Hanson watch.
I trust Dave Hanson not share what he sees.

Coarse kitchen salt, it looked. 
It tasted like coarse kitchen salt.

The official responsible for GAO evaluation work relating to the Federal Reserve System is James L. Bothwell, Director, Financial Institutions and Markets Issues.
James Bothwell has been the Financial Institutions Director at the Federal Reserve for over ten years. 

Evidence of such low sensitivity in an important subgroup may necessitate use of multiple screens tailored to subgroups.
Multiple screens tailored to subgroups will provide more comprehensive information. 

The second uses the data to structure the hypotheses or assumptions.
The first use of the data is to see where things are performing.

i'd probably have a different perspective if i actually knew someone that had gone into the Peace Corps
I know a few people interested in joining the Peace Corps.

Impossible of course! 
Everyone says it's impossible.

um-hum um-hum right i think Mobil's doing very well too well i assume i assume all the major major brands are
Most major brands are doing great like Mobil and BP, Shell on the other hand is going bankrupt.

How could productivity indexes--which basically measure the ability of workers to produce a given set of goods--properly take account of such revolutionary innovations as automobiles, antibiotics, air conditioning, and long-playing records?
Productivity indexes measure the ability of workers to make goods in a day.

Watch him, so he won't go into shock when he wakes up.
He will wake up soon

(Well, OK, let's dwell briefly.
Dwelling is not always bad.

But that is probably the most exciting thing that can be said about it, says the New York Times ' Ben Brantley.
Brantley said nothing exciting can be said about the film.

because without it you can be broke for the rest of your life
It is necessary to have it so that you don't have to spend money needlessly. 

The Kal soared into the air, war club back and high over his head.
The Kal was getting ready to tackle someone.

well that that's uh is an advantage of being in the education field i spent thirty four years in education
Education is a rewarding field with many opportunities.

Amarillo Dumas Panhandle
Amarillo Dumas Panhandle

that everyone should have the right to have a hand gun in their house if they so choose and but i think there should be some  restrictions when you buy one you know they should do more background search on you they should i think it should be harder to buy one
I think handguns should be restricted to only brown people.

The government's aim was to broaden the distribution of wealth held by Malays to be undertaken over a 20-year period.
The measures undertaken by the Malaysian government accomplished their goal of broadening wealth distribution, but took much longer than 20 years.

but uh what what is it what was the percentage for national elections
What percent of people voted for national elections?

The cover article recounts Vaclav Havel's many troubles, but concludes that he is still the world's poet of democracy.
The cover article does not intend to ruin Vaclav's image.

But don't feel sorry for Clift.
Don't tell Clift you feel sorry for him because he wouldn't like it.

They are responsible for such activities as planning, setting standards and policies, and designing and managing architectures to guide introduction of technology products and services.
The committee is responsible for several activities including: planning, setting standards and policies, and designing and managing architectures in guiding the  introduction of technological  products and services is appointed by the government.

16 Observed every two weeks over a one year period, data is collected from about 270,000 stops.
Data is collected from about 470,000 stops over a two-year period.

But not for you." There was something like amusement in the old man's voice.
The old man delighted in denying access.

But I know this he is a man to fear."
He's a man with a plan, and that strikes fear into my heart.

 Ibicencan Specialities
Ibicencan Food

 Less than four nautical miles separate Formentera, with its long sandy beaches, from Ibiza.
The beaches are long and sandy.

I can take him if you wish.
I can take him to the village right now.

We are holding a follow-up forum on December 9, 2002 to discuss what actions have been taken by a variety of parties and those that remain in order to help restore public trust and confidence.
In December there will be a follow up forum.

I asked Poirot whether he thought John would be condemned. 
I questioned Poirot about whether john would be condemned.

To savor the abundant flavors of L.A., you need a taste for adventure, a car (ideally), and a good map.
There is a lot to see in L.A.

uh for kids to either either do military service or public service one of the two uh a lot of reasons for that not not just because i'm a i'm a hard ass or anything it's just that
For kids to stay out of trouble now a days, its a good idea to have them involved in public services.

Defined more specifically in SFFAS No.
SFFAS help organize 

His voice was toneless.
The voice of the tall man was toneless.

(Isn't there some high-tech way to fly him from class to class, perhaps on Boeing's new Delta III rocket; you know, once it stops malfunctioning.)
Boeing has a new Delta III rocket and it was recently launched at an airshow.

NET REALIZABLE VALUE - The estimated amount that can be recovered from selling, or any other method of disposing of an item less estimated costs of completion, holding and disposal.
Assets that can be sold include cars and intellectual property.

uh-huh that's neat cause that the part was hard to do that
That's interesting due to the environment it was done in.

Perhaps you have seen this, seeor ? We spin the birds around and around, then release them.
You must have seen this before, seeor. We spin birds around and around and then hold them for a while prior to releasing them.

what do you think do you think we're setting a trend here or
Do you think we'll get more popular?

But with Julius Hersheimmer about, hustling was inevitable.
Julius Hersheimmer was famous for his hustling.

As I have mentioned, demand for our work is essentially at an all time high, especially with regard to mandates and requests from Congress.
Because of the will for political change, Congress is issuing a higher number of requests than usual.

It took him a couple of tries to work the kettle, I noted.
The kettle was confusing because it had so many buttons.

Any other provision of law to publish a notice of proposed rulemaking with respect to the subject matter of this rule.
Notices must be published at the local court house.

yeah i don't know it may've it may've been somebody else because i think i think that even Jimi Hendrix did a i think that was a cover i you know come to think of it i think that was a cover version of like a John Lee Hooker song or something i mean it was like it was really old
The speaker likes Jimi Hendrix's music more than John Lee Hooker's. 

yeah and and just plain can't have guns
There are people that don't have guns.

well we only we have two choices we can be involved or not involved if we're not involved then we're going to be sitting over here freezing in the dark
I would rather not be in the dark and freezing. 

Most pundits, recalling Jack's and Bobby's assassinations, have cast his family as the ultimate victim of his crash.
Jack and Bobby's assassinations have impacted who the crash victims were.

We're trying to say that solo practice can be among the highest forms of public service, and is the only channel possible to serving low-income people.
SOlo practice has always been the only way to serve poor people.

yeah i uh i don't mind it um there was a time when i had my Corvette i mean of course i loved it um but i've you know i've got other interests now and there's a lot other more important things i think i should be doing with my time
My other interests are much more interesting than Corvettes, so i don't care about cars anymore.

My dear Prudence,
Prudence, I love you.

that really is well how old is your boys your children
Your boys are older than the girls, right?

The high-minded  The two cases underscore an epidemic of binge drinking in frats and colleges in general.
The two cases represent statistical outliers.

Thirty-one months was used for 2005, because the analysis for 2005 was based on the projected number of retrofits needed by 2005, less the amount of capacity installed by May 2002.
The analysis is conducted by the EPA.

SSA estimates that reduced program outlays resulting from the rule will be $4.
SSA estimates are based on complex studies carried out over several months.

I live in Tulsa, Okla., and your story Give It Back to the Injuns hit the nail right on the head.
Your story Give It Back to the Injuns was well founded.

She had not the faintest comprehension of his meaning, but she was naturally quick-witted, and felt it imperative to "keep her end up" as she phrased it.
She is prideful as a result of being gifted with quick wits.

it's uh it's seven o'clock here right
It's seven o'clock in the morning here.

Then comes the CNN/ Time sarin story to prove the professionals deserve all the scrutiny anyone else can muster.
The CNN story said professionals deserve to be looked at closely when they are helping patients.

Hence, there are no additional programs or policies that generate changes in the reference case technologies when the emission caps are imposed by the year 2007.
Emission caps are imposed every decade.

Otherwise, Poirot himself might relieve me of it. 
If I didn't maintain a proper decorum, Poirot might  relieve me of it.

well we get the same things trees being uprooted limbs falling all over the place power lines getting torn completely off the poles being completely pulled out of the ground
There was almost $100,000 of damage in our town last year from natural elements.

Guba, Egon G. Criteria for Assessing the Trustworthiness of Naturalistic Inquiries.
Line: Guba, Egon G. Criteria for Assessing the Trustworthiness of Naturalistic Inquiries is a very important work for people with interest in naturalism.

Don't be offended.
Don't be offended when I tell you the truth.

The Court has said that [w]e may consider questions outside the scope of the limited order [granting certiorari] when resolution of those questions is necessary for the proper disposition of the case.
The Court rarely lets people use questions outside the scope of the limited order. 

So it is perhaps understandable that Steven Gottlieb, executive director of the Atlanta Legal Aid Society, initially thought it was a joke when he received a phone message from Governor Barnes saying he'd like to go to work as a legal services lawyer. 
Steve Gottileb thought someone was playing a joke on him, pretending to be Gov. Barnes.

Publishers say her book career is more promising than her husband's, and her lecture fees might approach $60,000 per speech.
Publishers say she will be more successful than her husband, but don't want to make her works public yet.

M arv Albert is back in the national broadcasting booth.
Marv Albert is a loved broadcaster.

Some respondents believed that, although reporting on stewardship items might be warranted, a separate manner of reporting might not.
A separate manner of reporting might not be necessary because the primary manner is adequate. 

The rule was determined to be an economically significant regulatory action under Executive Order No.
The Executive order comes from the President of The United States of America.

He glanced down at his body, noticing that it had somehow developed a healthy deep tan during the few hours of murderous labor the day before.
The day before, had worked so hard that he got a skin tan.

So a socially valuable service is under-rewarded and therefore under-supplied.
The socially valuable service should balance rewards with supplies.

we've been lucky we've never really been rained on the few times we've gone
It did rain once when we went, but it was very light and quick, so we've been lucky.

and uh i had to put him down when he was fourteen and two months later i had to put my yellow Lab down because he had leukemia
I had to put him down when he was old but it still broke my heart.

The French have maintained their presence in Trichy, with the Jesuit College of St. Joseph and the adjoining red-and-buff Neo-Gothic church of Our Lady of Lourdes.
People come from all over the metropolis to present offerings at the church.

When did you change your mind?
When did you change your opinion about the matter?

The FDA may have no current plans to dispatch referees to our bedrooms to enforce safe sex, but when it does, you can be sure it will be in the guise of protecting children.
There may be no current plans for the FDA to dispatch referees to our bedrooms to enforce safe sex, says the New York Times.

Other crops include grapes used for Formentera's distinctive dry red wine, vino de pag??s, and almond and fig trees thrive, but the olive trees here bear little fruit.
The red wine is distinctive.

Photographs of scantily dressed, genetically gifted women illustrate it.
Photos of indecently dressed female models are on it.

yeah oh that will be nice yeah do you have a feel for how many people there are when you get together
We typically have around fifty people.

And so the movie, after a miniclimax or two, just comes to an end, suddenly smaller than the sum of its parts.
The movie's structure is odd and many people didn't like that.

He awoke and began preparing for his trip before dawn.
He started preparing for his trip into battle.

yeah but Congress never really had the right to give it to them is the is the real argument
Congress did a lot more than they were entitlted to.

On Formentera, have a meal at a simple beach restaurant.
You can receive a great meal and awesome drinks at a simple beach restaurant on Formentera.

Indiscretion: Adultery.
Adultery may not always be an indiscretion.

yeah well he's he's he he he's not bad and his assistants usually aren't either
He works well in conjuction with his assistants.

Bailey received the award for his three years of volunteer work at Indiana Pro Bono Commission.
Bailey also volunteered for other legal services organizations.

Russian Israelis are not especially pro-Serb, but they definitely want close ties with Russia.
Pro-Serb Israelis may not always be Russian.

Today, Delos has no modern settlement or tourist infrastructure.
Delos is not large enough to have any settlement for tourists.  

According to the Department, this rule affects the determination of eligibility and benefit levels; it does not affect the current information collection requirements for making such determinations.
The rule affects the determination of eligibility for small business owners in urban areas.

I am very anxious, Messieurs, that he should not be arrested.
He might get off. 

if you're lucky
If you are lucky, it will not happen. 

Of course 90 you're fond of him.
Despite their best efforts, they are fond of him.

Even if there were no growth in the US steel production and imports from 2000 out to 2020, the amount of steel needed to complete the retrofits for the Clear Skies Act would still be less than one tenth of one percent of US production including imports.
If there was more growth in the U.S. steel production, the amount of steel needed may increase beyond what is strictly necessary.

But editorialists said Nicholson had made the investigators' job comically easy (he even climbed into a car with diplomatic plates registered to the Russian Embassy) and, even so, hadn't been caught and busted soon enough.
Nicholson was a bad spy.

Senate Finance Committee Chairman William Roth, R-Del., suggested slicing taxes by $792 billion over 10 years, while House Ways and Means Committee Chairman Bill Archer, R-Texas, floated a $850 billion reduction.
Of the $850 billion tax reduction House Ways and Means Committee Chairman Bill Archer is proposing, over half of that amount will comes from the health savings funds. 

you know but see now they're gone
They left to go to the theater.

the current fuss over whether women should go into combat or not
The current debate on whether women are fit enough to go into combat.

What if a foundering political campaign were the wacky premise for a failing TV show!
I bet if the political campaign managed to turn things around, the TV show's ratings would go up.

In fact, if you don't feel like taking the bus, the walk to the inner shrine takes you along a delightful tree-shaded avenue lined with stone lanterns.
Walking will take you a few hours, but the trip will be very enjoyable.

Efficient intake systems not only screen clients for eligibility but also give advice, brief service and referral assistance to those who cannot be fully represented.
Intake systems that operate this efficiently tend to be preferred by both clients and administrators in general.

I took a sample from each cup, and had them analysed ”with no result. 
I was disappointed not to get a positive result from the cups.

The new King resumed the ways of the two previous monarchs, abolishing laws against adultery and prostitution and taking up with his half sister; but powerful interests, particularly those of the flourishing foreign business community (which would be increasingly dominated by the descendants of the first missionaries), were intent on usurping the throne, in effect if not in name.
The foreign business was flourishing because of the value of rice and cloth.

I can tell you, Hastings, it's making life jolly difficult for us. 
Hastings knew that life was very difficult for us.  

yeah yeah well where uh where did you go to school
Did you go to school close to your home?

In addition, cognizant agency officials from BLM, FHWA, and VBA generally agreed with a draft of this report.
The report was more favorable towards BLM goals than towards VBA goals.

But at this point the difference between supporters' and detractors' views begins to narrow.
The difference between their views narrows due to forced agreements. 

Jerusalem was razed, the Temple destroyed, and its people forced into exile and slavery.
A number of cities other than Jerusalem were razed as well.

The facts are that the PRC gets involved in only appeals of closings and then for only 120 days.
The PRC does what it can to close appeals before 120 days.

And Marx's was closer to reality.
Marx painted a realistic picture.

okay well i sure enjoyed talking to you about uh exercise and fitness
I do not get to talk to my friends much about this since they do not like fitness.

As a part of its human capital planning, management should also consider how best to retain valuable employees, plan for their eventual succession, and ensure continuity of needed skills and abilities.
As a part of its human capital planning, management should also buy food for everyone.

I have also heard from environmentalists who are interested in these same issues.
Environmentalists are like minded 

Woodward recently fired one of her lawyers for allegedly telling a state trooper she now thinks Woodward is guilty.
One of the lawyers of Woodward was fired but is now successful.

no i don't the the crime is not any better or any worse i mean it's
The crime is good, it does not need to change. 

This was not the first veteran to drift into Tubacca; he wouldn't be the last either.
Veterans were constantly coming to Tubacca.

i lived in the suburbs of Saint Louis yeah
I had a house in the suburbs of Saint Louis.

Whereas fashion photography--in the '50s as always--aimed to arouse active lust for new goods, the clothes in '50s movies were so thoroughly surreal as to look quite unfit for normal wear, even if they were waitresses' uniforms or girl-next-door dresses.
Clothing in movies from the 1950s was staged and overdone. 

The other was pinned to the other side of the tree by Vrenna's hand spike.
Vrenna pinned the other to the oak tree with a hand spike.

In the resorts on the coast, many traders are aware that some tourists feel uncomfortable with bargaining, and will give you their  best price  straight away if you ask them to.
All traders who operate close the coastal resorts are understanding about the fact that some tourists dislike bargaining. 

we what was it in seventy four when we had the the last last oil crisis and and uh we started getting smart and and we were looking all these alternative sources of energy and so forth
The oil crisis happened in 1974, but it didn't have a huge affect on alternative energy.

Screening with embedded questions and indirect questions may also improve self-report among adolescents and other groups.
For educational surveys, students may be more honest if they are given different methods of screening. 

uh-huh well um i'm i'm originally from Butler and that's about an hour away from where i am now i'm at Clairon And um it's it's pretty like windy and hilly
I haven't been to Butler in a couple of years now.

Rest found few of them that night.
Some demons were discovered that night.

For fiscal year 2001, $25 million was appropriated for the IDA demonstration.
The IDA demonstration was severely underfunded.

Without an evolutionary approach as its foundation, the ability to capture design and manufacturing knowledge early in the development process is significantly reduced.
With an evolutionary approach, manufacturing knowledge in the early development tends to be unchanged.

discovered that cross-functional teams provide a complete perspective of the product.
The teams have been helpful in improving our product line.

He pulled the blade out and a gout of blood followed.
After pulling the blade out of the demon, blood came out.

Drew shook his head.
Drew didn't confirm with what the priest had just said.

Gore's joke may look funny, but as a political kidney punch, it's dead serious.
Gore's joke was done in bad taste. 

Besides, added Mrs. Vandemeyer, "he is extremely rich.
In additional to his many other admirable qualities, he is wealthy

Taking unpopular clients and controversial cases is another measure of commitment.
Taking controversial cases measures your commitment. 

#NAME?
Skilled labor is still needed for parts of the jobs.

Most federal performance management systems fail to achieve these objectives.
Federal performance management systems are very good at achieving different objectives.

But looked at in the terms the White House uses today, Clinton was proposing cuts in Medicare spending beyond the $270 billion Republicans dared propose.
Clinton and the Republicans wanted to cut Medicare for very different reasons.

Agency  The owner holds all individual construction contracts, and the CM functions as the construction contract administrator, acting on behalf of the owner and rendering an account of activities.
The CM is the federal government's construction contract administrator.

to buy to buy more for it's uh i find that interesting but it's like you know the the the the soda and this kind of things coming in
It's really interesting how they make soda at the factory.

Sicily's most attractive resort town, already very popular in antiquity as a vacation spot for the Greek bourgeoisie from Syracuse, commands a splendid ridgetop view of the Mediterranean from its hillside villas and hotels.
It's the only resort town in Sicily that has views of the Mediterranean sea.

Given the thoroughly earned reputation of the Salmon Corp, many quietly viewed it as a triumph.
Salmon Corp struggled through and despite themselves achieved a stellar result.

Design researchers as designs that focus on a single instance or a few instances.
Those researching the plans were specifically interested in whether a design was for a solo occurrence or for multiple occurences.

horrible i guess i would try and have somebody at the house as long as they were healthy enough but sometimes they're
They are healthy, but I'd try it as long as they stay that way.

The walls were burnt, and the air smelt of pork.
It smelled like grilled pork with BBQ sauce on it.

Major among these is the Kalawun and Barquq Mosque on the arterial Muizz lidina-Illah Street.
There are 100 Mosques found along the street.

Princess Di decorates the covers of both magazines' year-end photo issues.
Princess is on the cover of more than one magazine.

Editorialists applauded his candor but dismissed him as timid and naive.
he was brave but immature.

But when people scrutinize and see what those front-runners are really about ...
When people examine the front runners and see that they're all favorable.

Instead, attention focused on former premier Yevgeny Primakov's announcement of his alliance with a new political party.
Yevgeny Primakov's announcement shocked many.

Its impeachment cover package also chronicles last week's furor and lists the undecideds.
Its impeachment cover package is deemed great work by readers.

So much for the cruel stereotype of the pea-brained dinosaur.
Scientists have discovered that dinosaurs created complex social groups.

The components that they include are defined and discussed in detail in their respective chapters of this standard.
There are about 150 pages included in this standard. 

well i just uh i'm not interested in keeping big military over there and having to go in and call the shots like you say and and i just would prefer that i mean sometimes we've said let's keep we
I would prefer we didn't have military at all over there.

Postal Ratemaking in a Time of Change
They wanted to not make dramatic increases all at once.

The most significant resistance came from Marathas, in today's State of Maharashtra, around Mumbai.
The Marathas had had enough of the brutality. 

but it takes a good while for it to get cold
Cold is under 40 degrees Fahrenheit. 

for other Visas and it's like wait a minute we have a commitment with the company we're with if i want a Visa from your company i'll call you yeah
If I want a Visa from your company, I'll call you. I have enough right now.

With funding from the Lawyers Trust Fund of Illinois, the Technology Working Group and representatives from CARPLS (the Chicago-based hotline and referral services), Legal Assistance Foundation of Metropolitan Chicago, Prairie State Legal Services and Land of Lincoln Legal Assistance Foundation have formed a Best Practices group.
The Lawyers Trust Fund of Illinois gives $100,000 in funding to the Technology Working Group.

no we have six and seven no six and then one is at seven ten or something like that
We have never had one at exactly seven before.

Th' Old Man, he was movin' like he warn't on speakin' terms with th' law an' there was a sheriff behind every rock.
There was an Old Man and he kept to himself.

Today, we are issuing a separate report, captioned B-271810.
This report includes the number of yellow cars that drove by the main office on Thursday.

The President's Energy Plan will improve visibility by reducing SO2 and NOx emissions.
Unfortunately the plan will cost a lot of the tax payers' money.

yeah something like that yeah they've changed their name so many times i've lost track so
I can never keep track of their name, they change it every day.

The left wall is allegorical, devoted to the bankers' widely acknowledged virtues, Prudence, Justice, Fortitude, and Temperance, while religious themes invoke their piety on the other walls.
The bankers think that their values will make people trust them.

Friendship between alien intelligences is an imponderable.
There are many different kinds of aliens.

and uh and what it really means to vote and  we also don't make the uh the issues perhaps in language that people fully understand them
We don't make the issues in a language people can read so it needs to be available in many languages.

well i really don't know too much else about it
I am willing to learn more about it.

What'd you see? 
He saw something beautiful.

I ejaculated.
They were speaking to someone else. 

These principles guided the organizations' efforts to manage the risk associated with the increasingly automated and interconnected environment in which they functioned.
The principles were respected by those in the organization. 

well that's pretty good my my sister is very over zealous too she's got
That's pretty good. My sister gets very excited over everything too.

But if he's 'people,' maybe it's a disintegrator gun."
I'm not sure what he is at all.

Manger Square is in front of the Church of the Nativity, built by Constantine in 325.
The Church of the Nativity has survived numerous wars without any damage.

There are bikes for rent outside its entrance for exploring the rest of the park.
The rest of the park can be explored by bike.

Still, the future of Las Vegas is sure to be determined as much by the pioneering spirit that built the city as by anything else.
It is assumed that the next major evolution of Las Vegas will be some means of innovative travel to and from other major cities that will enable temporary getaways.

It is a onetime charge, and Kanter's--and most other stores--let you keep the plates.
Kanter's will let you keep the plates, but some other stores won't allow that. 

In Dave's chest, the salamander began purring again, and he drifted back into his coma.
The salamander kept Dave ion a coma

Treasury offers to the public and are traded in the marketplace.
In the marketplace trasury offers are traded, said the teacher.

He'd never've lasted this long was that so not with th' Old Man an' th' army an' what law there is in th' territory all gunnin' for him.
The Old Man was persistent. 

yeah so you know who's who produces those the US produces those and i think after the war no that we're not going to see a bunch of the Arab nations buying Russian equipment because the Russian equipment has gotten blown out of the sky or off the ground
The Russians have offered to sell at a very low price.

In America a new organization was formed, the Irish Republican Brotherhood, known as the Fenians.
The Fenians had no freedom to pursue these goals until they were safely n America's shores.

i'm kind of like you i've never really gotten into it it's just a it's just a chore you know and i finally decided one semester i'm in college and i'm taking night classes and
I have decided to be different.

do you like suspense movies or do you like uh just action or
Do you like action movies?

Parcells vacations little during the off- He can't relax, worrying that his rivals are working harder.
Parcell is unable to relax because he is afraid of his rivals.

The General Accounting Office, the investigative arm of Congress, exists to support Congress in meeting its constitutional responsibilities and to help improve the performance and accountability of the federal government for the American people.
Congress includes the General Accounting office.

Conversely, Arendt's public realm is the exact opposite of the private  It's where you're not protected and shouldn't be.
When Ardent is so public with his talk, people do not listen and they do not anymore.

The sight of the two of them was felt to be an effective means of getting at the truth.
They assumed placing them together for people to see would get the truth from them.

No disparagement to Jane, mind you, continued the other.
The other said they didn't mean any disparagement to Jane by their comments they had made.

hadn't been able to play so i took out a few videos and watched them for a while and i i hope i'm on the right track you know i shot a career low eighty nine so and my handicap's twenty i
I watched more than ten hours of videos.

Overall, I think the change will be good, said Richard Loza, a San Antonio attorney and the local coordinator for the bargaining unit of the National Organization of Legal Services Workers. 
The changes will help the legal service workers perform better.

No, the sixth point I will keep to myself for the present." He looked quickly round the room. 
He didn't want to give away the evidence. 

Youth! The word seemed to depress the Astronomer.
Youth! The Astronomer's face fell at the word.

Oh! said Tuppence again.
Tuppence said oh after that.

Blood splashed on Jon's face and armor.
The blood of a demon was on Jon's face.

Players express their appreciation to the Lambeau fans by hurtling into their midst, for just one moment becoming one of them.
Fans and players both love the tradition.

Some families have opened up their homes to visitors and you can have an evening meal with them and discover more about their world.
As an alternative to hotels, you might consider staying in a private home.

When asked whether the administration ought to insist that these requirements be met as a condition of negotiation, DeLay twice ducked the question.
DeLay said someone else would be able to answer the questions.

Quinlan knows that when you're playing a woman who has lost a child you don't need to emote--you reveal the emotion by trying not to emote.
Quinlan has never lost a child herself.

Mr. White picked a newspaper from the coffee table, and threw it to me.
Mr. White threw me 'The Guardian' newspaper from the coffee table.

He thought philandering husbands would be the ones taking advantage of the argument about how cheating was hard to control.
Cheating is hard to control. 

uh for example i was messing around with a spreadsheet this weekend that's a third of a meg in beta size
My computer had a harder time loading the spreadsheet.

just forty miles north due north of Cincinnati and uh but uh northern Indiana has many tornadoes come roaring across and we get the backlash off of it if not the part of the tornado itself
Northern Indiana has tornadoes every summer.

He was foaled on April sixth in sixty-two.
He was born on April 6, 1862.

Even if the head coupon issuer has fallen temporarily behind the curve, he can still ordinarily turn the situation around by issuing more coupons--that is, with a vigorous monetary expansion like the ones that ended the recessions of 1981-82 and 1990-91.
Even if the person that gives the coupons is behind his manufacturing schedule, he can usually fix it by giving more coupons.

yeah i was i was wondering if you guys eat a lot of fish um yeah
They eat a lot of salmon and pike.

Oh! said Tommy, rather taken aback.
He was surprised by her curt tone.

There's no sign of an economic boom or increased optimism (whether justified or not) about technology.
I don't see signs of an economic boom or increased optimism about technology, but that economist does.

I shouldn't like the colonies and I'm perfectly certain they wouldn't like me!
I don't want to go to the British Colonies. 

Permit me." With a deft gesture, he rearranged it. 
He rearranged it quickly.

It does not tell us what we need to know about America, what a novel can tell us about the complex attitudes and allegiances of a time and a place.
It concentrates mainly on the southern states of America.

PointCast has succeeded so far with a mass-market approach--relatively few news sources, sorted into relatively few buckets.
The news sources were checked for reliability.

Key product characteristics and critical manufacturing processes are noted on the engineering drawings and work instructions that are released to manufacturing.
Engineering drawings are usually made on sheets of high quality velum.

Room after antiseptic room, each one devoted to a more baffling design.
The rooms got weirder and weirder as we went along.

yeah oh yeah i've owned uh several and built several uh
I have built several different shacks that I allow homeless people to live in.

Gipsy (Tel.702/731-1919) is small but wall-to-wall with energetic dancing (it's mostly men here, though women are welcome).
Women have never outnumbered men at the Gipsy.

This parallel obsession elicited the interesting suggestion, from the critic Maurice Tuchman, that both animals (especially sacrificed animals) and uniformed domestics were scapegoats of sorts.
The obsession elicited a suggestion that all of them were scapegoats in the war.

: Adrin's first lesson
Adrin was excited to learn the lesson. 

You can't teach common bonds of history to teens while the school and the community stress athletics as the most honored achievement.
You can't teach bonds of history to teens when the school acts like athletics is the most important thing to succeed at in life.

Dear me, I murmured, "so that is the explanation of your extraordinary behaviour. 
There is a reason for your behavior.

She answered with a terse nod, striding straight out.
She agreed with me and then left quickly.

yes i've even heard them talking about uh recycling Freon from refrigerators refrigeration systems yes there are people there are companies that recycle their Freon
I have sent my old fridge for recycling.

GASB establishes accounting principles and financial reporting standards for state and local government entities.
GASB is in charge of accounting for the government. 

You'll find wooden fishing boats pulled up on the sands and nets hanging out to dry.
The boats are pulled up every evening after the fishing is done.

The EU has given large subsidies to develop Greece's infrastructure and grants to excavate and protect its ancient monuments.
The EU thinks protecting ancient monuments in all member countries to be very important.

that's one difference there really wasn't a lot of difference
One difference was involved.

With its limited advertising budget--limited to zero--News Quiz has no spokesmodel (despite my rambling, drunken midnight phone calls to Ellen Barkin), no Happy Meal (Aw, Mom, I already have Tim Carvell!
I called Ellen Barkin three times in the past week.

Today, with their hot summer days, warm waters, abundant beaches, and distinct lifestyle, the Greek islands of the Aegean are among the major tourist playgrounds in the world.
The islands have been popular tourist destinations for about the past 40 years.

Congress may wish to consider whether the new department, as proposed, will dedicate sufficient management capacity and accountability to ensure the execution of nonhomeland security missions, as well as consider potential alternatives to the current framework for handling these important functions.
Homeland security missions are preferred over nonhomeland ones.

and a lot of jurors not that i know of but you know a lot of jurors may just sit there and say yeah he's guilty but i don't have to deal with it from here you know so the judge takes care of all of that
The judge takes care of everything else after the jury says he is guilty.

well i mean how can you contrast the the Europeans and their vocalism on their rights to to say the people in Latin America i mean why are they why are they not as vocal or why do they not you know stand up so to speak for their rights
Why don't Latin Americans speak up for themselves?

from your company because i know they i don't know why but you can use American Express and they give you an itemized bill and
You can only use american express but nothing else. 

At movie's end, Tarzan and Jane move in with Mom and her furry family, like '90s yuppies who have given up and moved back home.
All 90's yuppies are like Tarzan and Jane. 

It is estimated that direct medical costs constitute only 15% of total costs related to substance abuse, with the remainder being related to problems such as property damage, crime, absenteeism, and unemployment.
Medical costs relating to crime is hard to estimate.

Microsoft's inclusion of IE with Windows does not prevent computer manufacturers from installing competing browsers or putting those browsers on the desktop.
Microsoft forces all Windows uses to use IE.

One of my best hats once, but that is not to the point."
The hat was finely made. 

And that is the reality that brings us here on this beautiful September day.
That is why we are here today to discuss the important issue.

yeah i'm not exactly sure where the you know the can thing is but you know sometimes it's just so seems so much easier just to take it and throw it in the trash and have them pick it up than it is to smash the cans and drive it some place to have them
The recycling center is about an hour away.

Ca'daan heard a roar and turned to see Thorn, his horse felled by a sheaf of arrows, defending attacks from an equally large man with a warhammer.
A giant warhammer was coming down on Thorn.

It wasn't just the inexorable working of the law of diminishing disciples.
This method involved more workers.

He unwrapped the bundle and his eyes widened.
In the bundle was a new sword made of pure gold. 

Others well worth visiting include the home of Balzac (47 Rue Ray?­nouard) and Delacroix's studio (6 Rue de Furstenberg).
Delacroix's studio is huge, over one hundred rooms and twenty five bathrooms.

In each category, cost includes all costs to put the item in usable condition for its intended purpose including, among others, transportation, assembly, and inspection costs.
To install a chair you need to buy $50.

Am I an idiot?
He was stupid for even asking. 

, transportation systems, and sewage and water treatment plants).
Transportation and water treatment are important 

The solemnly monumental hemicycle of the Piazza del Plebiscito was laid out by Napoleon's marshal Joachim Murat, when as King of Naples, he occupied the Spaniards' Palazzo Reale on the east side of the piazza.
The hemicycle of the Piazza del Plebiscito is a monument to fallen comrades.

 The model of the world inside the orrery must have been made from earthly materials already, and it was colored to depict land and sea areas.
The wold was Kneethnark, original home dimension of the Vampire Lords. 

yeah the current average or whatever
The average is at an all time low right now.

There WAS a French young lady staying in the house.
She was visiting family overseas.

or i'll go you know do a
I'll go do a trick.

The preamble to the final rule discusses the comments received and the actions taken upon them.
The preamble was written in advance, knowing this would be needed. 

one was a store and one was like a a fast food place i think it chicken or something i don't know  anyway they raped the women
They raped the women in both stores.

Lowell tries to get Starr to admit that he should have told the attorney general about his contacts with Paula Jones' lawyers and that he mistreated Monica Lewinsky by holding her for hours at the Ritz-Carlton and denying her a lawyer.
Monica Lewinsky was not just simply the victim here. 

The pyramids of Egypt have exerted a powerful hold on the world since explorers first began to explore this ancient land.
The pyramids are unique pieces of architecture, that capitvate the eye of both common people and archeologists alike.

Israel's boundaries were redrawn and expanded to almost what they are now, whereas the Palestinian Arab territories were reduced to the central-eastern area, known as the West Bank (of the Jordan River), and the Gaza Strip.
Israel won the war and got land from it.

We might aid it with high-frequency radiation, but I distrust the effects on the prepsyche.
I'd prefer to do this without risk. 

So it's like a cockpit.
It's similar to a cockpit but much bigger.

Nope git behind a rock an' ambush ... put th' whole hell-fired country t' work fur them.
In order to do an ambush, you have to be hiding because the element of surprise is important.

REPORT ON LSC'S RECONFIGURATION STANDARDS
The report lists both good and bad aspects of the reconfiguration standards.

And there is yet another valid  that the widespread transmission of racial stereotypes might indeed be helpful to hate groups.
Racial stereotypes help hate groups recruit.

Canada Miss started to look a little sloppy.
Her appearance and dress did not look as refined as before.

They finally surrendered on Christmas Day in 1941.
They surrendered due to the acts of one brave man.

it's just the audit department happened to be just a little behind the times because the uh the senior vice president over audits is cheap
The audits may be expensive to do.

no i know i know a little bit more than most people but no where near enough to even talk intelligently about them
I should be prepared in a couple of weeks.

get out of here for heaven's sake i've never heard of one
 I've never heard of one. I think you're yanking my chain.

Yet once again, Clinton's critics are lumping it into a pattern.
Clinton's critics aren't purposely choosing not to deviate from their usual approach.

Chris Hoiles, starting catcher for the Orioles, told me one day in the locker room, We're usually the dirtiest guys on the field and the sweatiest guys on the field.
Chris Hoiles is the most motivated player on the Orioles.

Its buildings tumble down toward the water with stunning views.
Its buildings are located on a hillside by the water.

so uh tell me about changes from say twenty years ago since you were an adult twenty years ago
Along with telling me the differences from twenty years ago, could you show me what you looked like as an adult back then.

Treasure Beach is the only resort area to speak of, with just a handful of hotels stretching acrosethree sandy bays.
Treasure Beach is a beautiful resort.

Multimethod Policy  Issues and Applications.
The policy issues are being addressed.

He needn't have done so. 
He had the option to do it.

But look here, sir, we're taking up an awful lot of your time.
It is well worth your time to listen to us.  

What else had been in that trunk?
There had been things in that trunk because it was used for storage.

well Hawaii is pretty far too think about it
Hawaii is the furthest state from the mainland United States of America.

i've gone to a few games i not in a while went to uh actually went to a play off game once
I saw they win a few games.

Just in case, he set up a second password to secure files containing, what he called, 'personally strategic data.' He added both passwords into the cell phone, just in case.
Hackers will likely try to access these files. 

Simon's appointment was scheduled for 3:18PM.
Simon had an eye doctor appointment a little after 3. 

Ideally, the design fixes for the failures should be corrected prior to manufacturing production units.
The fixes should be addressed before they reach the assembly line if this was a smart plan.

Ah, yes, my young friend of the tree episode! 
The episode was a television program.

We also chart the critical consensus about books, movies, art, and music in Summary Judgment and spare you from having to watch the Sunday talk shows by offering you the gist in Pundit Central (check in Sunday evening to prepare for Monday sessions at the water cooler).
Check in weekly to prepare for next week's sessions.

um so uh but uh you know the not a lot i could do about it
I did everything I could.

Gross national saving is a nation's total income minus its consumption and represents resources available for domestic or foreign investment.
Gross national saving is one of the most important metrics in evaluating the wealth of a nation.

Figure 4 and Table 6 can be used to estimate likely profit and revenue losses to cream skimmers and Figure 3 to estimate the cost impact of volume losses.
Figure 7 is a drawing of the Post Master General on a horse.

or like what what percent do you then save or something
It's important to put some amount in savings. 

Gibson's big theory is that Dala's life was defined by his feelings of shame.
Gibson's thinks that Dala's life was defined by his feelings of shame without realizing that it was actually defined by his feelings of anger.

The Court agrees with all this, yet applies a novel and unsupportable interpretation of our public-forum precedents to declare a504(a)(16) facially unconstitutional.
The Court agreed with the argument but still felt that a504(a)(16) wasn't in keeping with the spirit of the constitution.

so u m i think if i just would be if i'd do something be motivated enough to do something i think it would work out well
I could do something if it worked out well.

Dhulikhel, on the other hand, is strictly about mountain views.
 Dhulikhel sits in an isolated valley enclosed by a dense jungle.

Prices of fuels can be adjusted in the model in response to demand
The model was designed to account for all variables regarding fuel sales.

Old values versus new, old virtues and new injustices.
It was the same thing over and over, old versus the new.

we think about that a lot
We think about the car accident a lot

She felt that once Mrs. Vandemeyer gave them the slip, the last hope of finding Tommy would be gone.
She thought that Tommy would be found if Mrs. Vandemeyer was prevented from leaving. 

Perhaps Internet users are more depressed because they are better informed.
Information is useful for people to know.

The busy path running alongside the beach to Venice is a coveted track for bicyclists and rollerbladers, who either bring their own gear or rent from the numerous establishments nearby.
Bicyclists always have the right of way on the path.

The chateau's proudest possession is the great 14th-century Apocalypse Tapestry narrating the gospel of Saint John in moving detail.
The 14-century Apocalypse Tapestry is six feet long.

An article chronicles the aborted return of offbeat television.
The article's author advocated for the return of offbeat television. 

yeah that's us too yeah yeah true i know it's too bad that they've gotten so expensive
We still can buy them online for a decent price though.

Fira is beautiful, but it can get oppressive when visitors crowd the narrow streets.
Over twenty thousand visitors are on the streets at any given time.

However, the relative roles of PM exposure duration and PM exposure level in inducing premature mortality remain unknown at this time.
It is imperative that the effects of PM exposure duration and level in relation to each other are understood quickly, due to a current surge in premature mortality caused by PM exposure.

He was Dale Evans' faithful husband for 50 years; modeled good habits for the kids who watched his show (he gave up beer off-screen and never kissed Dale on-screen); and adopted abused, orphaned, and ethnic-minority children.
He was married to Dale Evans despite gay marriage being illegal.

The silt of the River Maeander has also stranded the once-mighty city of Miletus.
The River Maeander has been depositing silt near Miletus for nearly two millennia.

oh just a minute i got to see who that is
I need to answer the door. 

The Bastille was stormed the next day.
The Bastille has only been stormed once.  

Where's the social purpose in that--affirmative action for lousy actors and worse writers (most of whom, it must be noted, are white)?
There is much social purpose in affirmative action.

It is estimated that there will be 1,310 respondents and the burden hours vary from 11 to 24 hours per response depending on the type of authorization requested.
More than 1300 people will respond.

The garden had been founded as early as 1670 as a resource for medical research, affiliated for many years with the Royal College of Physicians.
The garden only houses medicinal herbs. 

Sixth Fleet to protect it.
The sixth fleet decided to protect it with honor.

He still exaggerates the hostility displayed, and says that Saxton won't let me answer when in fact Reich's chief economist is later allowed to deliver a lecture-length reply.
His exaggeration may be used to highlight extreme circumstances that he may be experiencing.

An audit cannot ensure that stock prices will be achieved.
The audit doesn't guarantee anything 

um oh i never heard of that
I have never heard of recycling programs.

is it's not a lot of the firms that offer mortgage mortgage loan firms aren't offering um that loan
The mortgage loans come with a high interest.

One of them kids had been sayin' as how he rode with Forrest, regular li'l red-hot Reb, he is.
The kid was making stuff up, and we don't appreciate it.

Ironically, just a few yards from here, in the midst of all the Arab hubbub and bustle, you'll find a famous, marvellously peaceful Christian site.
The Christian site's continued existence is being threatened by the increase in the Arab population.

holy cow i just walked in i i didn't even i guess it's i can't believe it's over already
If I had come just a little earlier, I would have arrived before it came to an end.

well i love Masterpiece Theatre
Masterpiece Theatre has been one of my favorites since I was a kid. 

His appearances are underscored by demonic chants
There were demonic chants that overpowered his speech.

The excess emissions penalties reflect changes from the allowance holding requirements from unit-level to facility-level compliance in Section 403.
The emission penalities increased in Section 403.

I'm afraid to step out of the car.
The car is surrounded by venomous snakes and rabid porcupines. 

or if the prescription say ran out or if you're using something that's uh older than older than the date uh on the package or whatever
If you don't have enough medicine.

It was built in the style of a south Indian gopuram (temple gatehouse-tower), covered with a riot of colorful statuary from the Hindu pantheon.
The style was heavily influenced by foreigners.

and so we just stay and watch that
I prefer staying at my house and watching it.

In a society that stresses individual achievement Co where you pull yourself up by your bootstraps Co the Legal Aid Bureau helps those without boots.
The Legal Aid Bureau helps people become more independent and more prominent.

The Museum of Traditional Industry presents a diverse collection of textiles, porcelain, fans, dolls, lacquerware, cutlery, and cabinetwork, with occasional live demonstrations by craftsmen.
There are live demonstrations every week at the Museum of Traditional Industry.

The gardens, once a favorite spot for aristocratic duels, now serve as a pleasant children's playground.
The gardens are a favorite spot for children.

BAUERSTEIN I HAD had no opportunity as yet of passing on Poirot's message to Lawrence. 
I had been looking for Lawrence everywhere, to no avail.

well yeah but i'd rather have a sunny weekend than a gray weekend so
I like sunshine about as much as overcast.

the the experience is is better up here i think you know it seems more relaxing there's more to look at
The experience in other places is fine but not as good as the experience up here. 

He was completely open to criticism.
After the incident, he has never taken criticism from other people.

Elaborate carvings on the walls of both buildings depict Amenophis making offerings to the gods in thanks for his divine power.
Amenophis made a lot of offerings to the gods.

SCR systems are primarily made from steel, standard mechanical hardware, and catalyst.
SCR systems are used to transport trucks and must be built from quality materials in order for SCR to maintain sales contracts with trucking manufacturers.  

The building is undergoing restoration that will last until 2004 but the exhibits are expected to remain open.
The building is being restored since it was damaged in 2002.

People stayed in neighborhoods, for example, because they could not afford to move, and because other neighborhoods would not accept them easily.
Most of the people did not savings to use for the moving.

and see what's going on and all those things even if friends call
and comment on what is going on in town that evening.

However, if it was the friends' mistake, we have no desire to embarrass them with their error.
We don't want to embarrass our friends, so we just pretend they're right.

But she leapt at a chance offered her by Mrs. Vandemeyer.
She didn't want to work, but she leapt at the offer Mrs. Vandemeyer gave her.

it does except that knowing them they would probably do something ridiculous and terrible just just to uh
They'd probably cook something ridiculous.

The Romans took control of Petra in a.d.106, and they too have left their legacy.
Petra has been conquered by many civilizations.  

Swell clothes, but no class.
They took care to pick out their clothing. 

The CIOs themselves must meet the challenges of building credible organizations, and developing and organizing information management capabilities to meet agency mission needs.
The agency mission has many requirements left unmet.

By car, the drive along the Carretera de Circunvalacien, the beltway that parallels the River Tagus around the city, leads towards Parador hotel and the Roman bridge, Puente de Alcintara.
The drive leads to Parador hotel, an opulent place for guests to stay.

Election of additional units. 
They wanted to make sure they had enough.

The more orthodox Muslims were concerned that Islam was being abandoned, and rebellions sprang up in Bengal, Bihar, and the Punjab.
The more orthodox Muslims had concerns that Islam was being abandoned and rebellions sprang up across several provinces and in the capital.

The Anaheim Angels and Mighty Ducks offer entertaining sideshows (mascots, food courts, dancers) but the teams stink, and fans say that's all that matters.
The Anaheim Angels and Mighty Ducks used to have decent teams, but they have gotten worse over the years.

In this way, the LSC diversity message was delivered locally in states like Arizona and Montana, and nationally through articles in the MIE Journal and NLADA Update.
The LSC diversity message was delivered in states that had the most racial tension.

i that's just something i just don't want to watch
That is something I have no wishes to view due to its R rating.

Section 605(b) states that the certification and explanatory statement shall be provided to the Chief Counsel for Advocacy of the Small Business Administration (SBA).
The SBA don't always receive the certification which they should do.

But how come Kitchell could hide out in Apache country?
How did Kitchell hide in Apache territory when every cavalry unit in the area was looking for him?

What's more, the time between the procedures can be reduced to just three days, which for busy, modern women is certainly good news.'
Modern women often go for plastic surgery every third day.

The Commission issued the final rule on April 24, 1996, and we received it on April 25, 1996.
The final rule was received by a dog and not an actual person.

Does Hillary Clinton believe her husband's denials?
After what had happened, it's visible Hillary Clinton does not know whether to believe her husband or not.

These percentages of demand are expected to be experienced prior to 2010, but with growth in the boilermaker numbers out to 2010, the percent of boilermakers affected drops off.
Boilermakers growth drops off after 2010.

Note that the estimate for the current annual demand is quite conservative since the catalyst replacement rate on oil- and gas-fired combustion units is likely to be less frequent than one-twelfth of the catalyst per year.
More catalyst is always needed than the amount predicted.

But I like this machine.
I tried and disliked a lot of machines.

Skiathos is the smallest of the main Sporades islands and lies closest to the Greek mainland.
Skiathos is the smallest island because the other islands are larger due to volcanic emissions.

He believed in a public health approach to screening which means we would not do it if the yield is low.
A public health approach to screening was something he believed in, said his colleagues.

Under the requirements of the Computer Security Act, NIST is responsible for establishing standards for federal computer systems that process sensitive but unclassified information.
NIST is also responsible for computing systems dealing with classified information.

This will aid in understanding mailer responses and in evaluating the benefits of offering the discounts.
They will benefit greatly from the discounts.

uh when they get to junior high school high school and even college i mean my sister went to college um started about three years ago and she had to have a a computer
My sister bought an expensive computer for college.  

The palace features 99 pillars, denoting 99 warriors of various luak (clans).
The palace was built in devotion to the 99 clans.

Obituaries rank the choreographer alongside Diaghilev and Balanchine as one of the men who reinvented ballet.
The choreographer reinvented not only ballet, but several other fields as well.

Florida planning efforts began in 1991 with The Florida Bar and Florida Bar Foundation's Joint Commission on the Delivery of Legal Assistance study and report.
The report was funded by The Florida Bar.

In her soft grey frock, with white ruffles at the wrists falling over her slender hands, she looked very beautiful. 
She appeared exquisite in her grey satin frock, with long white ruffles covering her delicate hands, and feathers lining the collar.

Never in the annals of medicine has a viral plague been stopped by any therapy.
Viral plagues cannot be stopped by therapy. 

Health-food promoters often cite traditional use by Native Americans or Chinese herbalists as evidence.
Health-food promoters are shady.

Here Pollock's camouflage palette, as Varnedoe notes, gives way to carnival.
Pollock uses the camouflage palette in most of his works.

Inevitably, popular and authentic became chic and the ambience is now somewhat contested by higher rents and the change in character that guarantees.
The higher rent costs have ruined the ambience completely.

The railway builders admitted it might have been safer to dig some tunnels, but they preferred to go round the mountain to allow for a better view of the terraced tea gardens and the valleys plunging down to the Bengal plains.
The railway builders went around mountains because it was cheaper.

Table 3. Incremental Policy Costs of the Technology Scenarios (billion 1999 dollars)
Table 3 presents Policy Costs of all possible Technology Scenarios.

Ca'daan saw a jet of red blood spray across the small man followed by another as the man's heart pumped his lifeblood from his body.
Ca'daan watched the man die quickly.

I remember that some people complained President Eisenhower was distracted from the business of his office because he was out playing golf so much.
President Eisenhower was actually distracted from his office because of golf.

literature
Novels and short stories.

back grind tape on and off the wafers
The tape needs to go on the wafers.

My body kept doing things I didn't expect.
I didn't expect to lose so much weight. 

you would
It's possible I could.

As you turn to head up into the valley, look for a house on the left surrounded by shady trees.
The shady trees provide a cover for the house not found anywhere else.

um and even you know like i said my chipping which is one of the best things in my game i couldn't do that i couldn't couldn't drive couldn't you know in in fact it was it wasn't as much at that point that i was hooking and slicing i just i was topping the ball i was you know i was doing a lot of things wrong at that point but i was trying to think of so many different things at the same time because you know it was it it's kind of a funny story whenever i went for for my first lesson the uh the instructor takes me out there and he says all right well take a swing and let me see how you look so he's he's bending down on one knee right so i take a swing and and all of a sudden his head just goes down and and then all of a you know he just kind of slowly brings his head up and looks at me and he says we've got a lot of work to do  so
Chipping is actually essential to his game.

Finally, you can get an excellent view of the cityscape from the Cairo Tower (El-Borg), designed like a minaret, though it does stand significantly higher at 182 m (600 ft) above the city.
It costs $20 to go up in the Cairo Tower.

Now the practice has its own  a triple--a woman and her two men--whose child was taken away because of their unusual living arrangement.
The practice has three adults in a relationship who are rasing a baby.

In fiscal year 1998, Kentucky spent approximately $2.
Kentucky spent $2 on ice cream. 

The (quite understandable) nature of American politics is that support for a war falls when casualties rise.
American politics hates war when people are dying, like in Iraq.

yeah that makes such a difference that's the way it is at my daughter's nursery school too and i think that really makes a difference they're in it because it's a profession not because it's a job they could get because they didn't qualify for anything else you know
You can tell by how invested they are with the kids.

really didn't need that type of uh player
They have enough of that type of player already.

It has its own parking, something that's hard to find downtown and which has been a problem for staff as well as clients.
There is a lack of parking spots in the downtown area.

I'm no saint, the 80-year-old Tallahasseean said. 
80 years is a long time to live.

right that's right that's right it's pretty good but we take her to just about
...every UFO sighting we hear about in the local area.

Seatoller village is home to the Seatoller National Park Visitor Centre.
Seatoller village is home to the exciting Seatoller National Park Visitor Centre.

Some of the last of the Trotskyites have been on this bus.
There have been communists on this bus.

Rosenthal tried to say something or other about it.
Rosenthal tried to speak to the manager.

because no matter what i did or how i did it i invariably got myself wet
I didn't like getting wet.

The art museum adjoining the Palace of 55 Windows contains a collection of antique thangkas and sculpture in wood and stone.
The art museum is a popular attraction for tourists of the area. 

Without them, we would not have saved our homes.
Out homes wouldn't be saved without them, said the employee.

What do you want? 
I'm not going to give you anything even you ask though.

may manage forfeited property and the collection and disposition of the revenue from that property.
The property needs repairs.

He's a tolerable vet, too.
He is a great person to take care of your animals.

My hunch is that Oprah will win over even the cattlemen, eventually.
Oprah's empire has doubled in the past decade.

okay Dee are you familiar with the Latin American policies of late
You're aware of the recent policies in Latin America, right Dee?

Was Keynes also right when he warned against excessive saving?
Keynes also warned about sailing in high winds.

The realm was divided up among his heirs and progressively fragmented by the rivalries of the Merovingian dynasty that battled for power over the next 300 years.
The realm was split up among twenty heirs.

He seems confident, mused the Prime Minister.
The Prime Minister was an excellent judge of character.

More specifically they finance spending of many types to promote the general welfare, provide for the common defense, and ensure domestic  national defense, a judicial system, aid to the elderly, construction of infrastructure, education and training, and so forth.
some of these types of spending that are financed are more useful than others.

To find your way here, you probably typed in Slate's home page URL, //www.slate.com.
In order to navigate Slate's home page, one must use the navigation menu at the top of the page. 

To the left of the entrance are the monks' bakery and an imposing pigeon loft.
The pigeon loft near the entrance is unusually large.

The center, spearheaded by local attorney Jon Muth, appears to be unique to Grand Rapids, Lalley said.
Lalley has been overhead stating how the wonderful center for health is unique to Grand Rapids.

The RPH might also believe in eliminating the income tax (Keyes), slashing the income tax and raising tariffs (Buchanan), or rejiggering the tax code to save taxpayers $985 billion (Ashcroft, by abolishing taxes on inheritances and on Social Security benefits, among other measures).
The RPH want to reduce tax to help the rich.

The women never came back out.
The woman was afraid to come out. 

The fact that I can't resist including Somalia shows the difficulty of maintaining any clear line between situations that justify intervention and those that don't.
Including Somalia is very tempting and easy to do.

Shahjahan's son was Aurangzeb (1658 1707), who overthrew his father and imprisoned him in the Agra fort for the last years of his life.
Aurangzeb imprisoned people he thought would inhibit his path to ruling.

You then eventually rejoin the N74 at Clos de Vougeot.
There are many things to see at the Clos de Vougeot.

I decided to go and get something to eat instead.
I decided to get a cheeseburger for lunch. 

He would not ignore the possibility of the telegram having been found.
The telegram held important personal information about himself.

One of the most spectacular excursions in the whole country is the dramatic cable car ride from La Palud, north of Courmayeur, to the Colle del Gigante, 3,354 m (11,004 ft) and Aiguille du Midi, 3,842 m (12,606 ft) down to Chamonix in France.
The cable car ride only costs twenty dollars.

Allowing sources to make reductions where it is most economical to do so is one of the reasons cap and trade programs should be less costly than command-and-control programs that achieve the same or even fewer reductions.
A less costly and more effective program should be used more often than not.

If a fetus is a fully human life, then all abortion is murder and the debate over any particular procedure is beside the point.
One must decided if a fetus is a full human life. If this is so, abortion is murder.

It meant he was an agent of the Eye.
The agent of the Eye made a mistake and left incriminating evidence behind. 

and the housing market up here is uh is really slumped so you can buy a houses relatively inexpensive right now
Buy a house right now since the low prices may not last long.

right so do you play much
Do you enjoy playing?

Given your...behaviour...I thought I should ask if you feel at all...strange?'
Haltingly he asked, "Given your behavior . . . I must ask . . . if you are feeling unwell?"

Personal Communication with Tony Licata, Babcock Borsig Power, February 20, 2002.
There was personal communication with Licata via email.

they break it out it's just it's just ridiculous
It's laughable when they break it out and toss it around.

While a Bush spokesman declined to comment, Pepper said that he and his colleague used the meetings to advance two ideas.
Pepper was Bush's aide.

EPA had a link on its home page for particular audience groups.
The audience groups who might visit the EPA include bio-activists, scientists no students.

No, her sire's Storm Cloud.
That's not her sire's real name.

Madeira cake and wine are extremely long-lasting, so you can safely bring some back.
Madeira wine is especially sour, so maybe you don't want to buy too much of it.

It was a man, dark skinned, thin, and wearing nothing but a loin cloth.
It was a man, dark-skinned and gaunt, wearing only a loin cloth and a menacing stare.

But take the path at the top right of the compound and you come to the first of Fushimi-Inari's remarkable its long, meandering tunnels of bright orange torii arches.
The tunnels aren't very complex to navigate.

Our  A Low-Wage Workforce Without the Brown People.
Brown people are 90% of the low-wage workforce.

Reports designed in this way can help focus the attention of responsible officials on the matters that warrant attention and can help stimulate correction.
Stimulating correction needs to be achieved by responsible officials to ensure a strong economy.

they had quite a good time
They spent a lot of pleasant time there. 

Now there's just a chance, I admit it's only a chance, that this woman may have been 'Rita.'  
This woman has another name besides Rita. 

Although it is not a tourist attraction, the rock is steeped in tradition.
The rock was the site for a famous execution a decade ago.

Divergence gives us a bewildering variety of life; convergence gives rise, repeatedly, to certain anatomical features, like wings and eyeballs.
Evolutionary divergence and convergence are not opposites, but trends that can be observed in many species and kingdoms of life.

In a survey sponsored by the West Virginia Chapter of the American College of Emergency Physicians, a minority of emergency physicians reported routine screening and counseling of ED patients.
The West Virginia Chapter of the American College of Emergency Physicians screened all patients for alcoholism.

Republicans should counter with logical, informative statements that point out the costs involved in litigation.
Republicans may not reach others with facts about the costs.

uh baseball basketball and football and it gets away from what the school is established for originally
Schools should concentrate on what they were originally established for.

We're looking at the big picture, she said.
She said they were looking at the big picture when it came to implementing a budget.

so those i guess those three things are the uh um most irritating to me
Those three irritating things are heat, noise, and smell.

i i was giving my boss a hard time because i kept waiting for my name to came come up you know they never they never called me they never you know
I figured I would be called, but I wasn't.

A type-5 situation is one that has worksharing aspects but which is directed primarily at making the postal system more competitive.
A type-5 situation is not effective if it does not improve the postal system.

She may have thought, however, that she was giving him another chance and that he was promising, in exchange, to do better.
The guy may not have done better after promising to change.

okay so how about how about you how about purchasing an automobile
How about buying a new sedan?

Eligibility for services is determined on a case-by-case basis pursuant to grantee eligibility criteria established under parameters set forth in LSC regulations.
Eligibility requirements may include income level and age.

He was already turning his mount when the townsman added: "No hotel here, stranger.
The townsman said there wasn't a hotel because he didn't want the man to stay there.

It could probably be used.
It could possibly be used by someone who knew how to do it.

I'm starting to feel the same way about Roy Barnes.
My feelings about Barnes have changed over time.

Traffic and transportation policies are coordinated to alleviate bottlenecks, and footpath preservation allows continued access to the fells and remote valleys.
Traffic and transportation policies are very important for ensuring access to remote areas.

Want to catch up on the hottest independent film, pay a mere $3 for a held-over feature at the Lowe's Cineplex Fairfax, grab a few air-conditioned hours with an international flick, or watch a blockbuster in the historic Mann's Chinese Theater or El Capitan?
Would you like to watch a movie in a comfortable location with food?

I want to talk to him."
Somebody wants to talk to him and ask him a question.

Fedge called the broker's misstatements unconscionable.
The broker's misstatements were something Fedge expected.

The next day they were all dead but Thorn.
Thorn was the only one alive the next day after the battle.

In the bottom-right corner, click Bomis , which will take you ...
You'll be happy to click Bomis, in the right-hand corner.

i don't go to games myself uh uh
I watch the games on TV.

Is it true you have no penis?
That person has no penis.

The winner's curse can therefore be said not to exist for products that we buy, enjoy, and resell without using up their inherent value.
We make quite a profit for reselling these last week,

Got something I have to do. Drew went directly to the Four Jacks.
Drew went to the the Four Jacks right away because he was meeting with someone.

Opposite on Padang Pahlawan (Bandar Hill) a sound-and-light show is held in the evenings, following the tradition of turning history into entertainment to draw the crowds.
Bandar Hill brings in the most tourism in the country.

Among the several museums in Honfleur are the Mus??e de la Marine, with a collection of nautical treasures, housed in the 14th-century Eglise Saint-Etienne (Quai Saint-Etienne); and the Mus??e Eugyne Boudin (Place Erik Satie), with a rich display of paintings by Norman artists and visitors to Normandy.
There are statues displayed at the museums in Honfleur are the Mus??e de la Marine, Eglise Saint-Etienne (Quai Saint-Etienne); and the Mus??e Eugyne Boudin (Place Erik Satie).

so i don't know what's the you know right thing to do but i really would hope that they would come up i know there was a brand just briefly on the market that was recyclable but the landfill have to do something special you know for those
I hope there is a new product being tested right now that could help with the landfills.

Some of the Gore-related sites that Direct Hit said were visited most by those searching for Gore material are out of date and thinly visited.
They thought that there would be better sites.

While the pollution taxes would discourage some activities that are counted in the GDP, the reduction in other taxes would encourage other such activities.
The taxes that would be reduced would be good for manufacturing companies.

The New York Times notes that the Renaissance musicologist is expected to continue with the former president's plans, though in a more harmonious manner.
The NYT says the Renaissance musicologist will continue with the government's plans peacefully even though he is opposed to the immigration ban.

behind-the-scenes report on the final episodes: Someone should tell Newsweek (see below).
behind-the-scenes report that has never been aired before about the final episodes.

and i guess that's when you get into relationships and people people are attracted to people who compliment them most often i mean they say opposites attract and i'm not too sure i believe that very much but uh i think that people when they get into relationships you know if there's somebody who like like if you got two people who hate to cook they're going to eat out all the time and that you know that's not that big a deal but you know if you get somebody who likes to cook and someone who doesn't like to cook then the person who doesn't who doesn't like to cook probably likes to do something else you know so i think that people end up i think that that women are more diverse now than they ever were as far as what they have learned and what they're capable of and and uh what they're willing to do and so i feel like it you know that men have gotten to be that way too they've gotten a little bit more relaxed in their thinking about uh women and you know what they expect of them so i think that you know it's a slow evolution but i think it's it's it's a good process i think it's it's working you know there are still people who men who believe that women should be home you know all day
Most people prefer to date people who give them positive feedback.

oh i guess i've never been around a cat when it was in heat
I have always owned dogs, so i have no experience with cats.

The airy octagonal Place Ven?­d??me still exudes the opulence of its original conception under Louis XIV; at that time only his financiers could afford the exorbitant rents.
The huge palace probably still looks as magnificent as when it was first built under Louis XIV. At that time it only the rich or lucky could afford to live there

The advocate's tools include online libraries of training materials, model pleadings and links, a current news page, a training and events calendar, postings of new cases for volunteers, and member-driven listservs.
Most advocates find that model pleadings and training materials provide the most support for their initiatives.

Thus far, we have sought to obtain adequate, relevant records and explanations without success.
We were unable to successfully locate the adequate financial documents explaining the losses. 

And then suddenly things seemed to change.
Everything changed all of a sudden. 

and Natalia fell down, as a burst of blue struck Abraham Lincoln in The face.
Natalie fell down two flights of stairs while the blue paint hit Abe in the face. 

The mindwalkers don't just show you something or speak to you, said Thorn.
Thorn said the mindwalkers don't just show you something or speak to you about battles.

San'doro rolled to his feet, cloak spinning behind him.
San'doro rose, drawing his daggers as he did.

Early in his public law career, as a staff counsel for South Brooklyn Legal Services, Mr. Rothenberg worked as co-counsel with his father - Stanley Rothenberg, a partner at Moses  and  Singer LLP.
Mr. Rothenberg later became the top counsel for South Brooklyn Legal Services.

During the period, maintenance expense is recognized as incurred.
Along with food expenses, maintenance is recognized as incurred expense during the period.

(Thank you.)
"You're welcome" was said.

Homework assignment for the next political  find a George Will column critical of Liddy Dole.
George Will wrote a column about Presidential Candidate, Liddy Dole.

In a low-rise building near the cave entrance is a small ethnographic museum, a place to see displays of local island customs and costumes as you wait a couple of minutes for the guided cave tour to begin.
Admission to the museum is three dollars and is good for a full day.

55 million (31 percent) were estimated to be in error.
They did not have accurate calculations.

(We can add some side conditions that prohibit him from dealing with known terrorists and other undesirables.)
We should add rules to stop him from being in touch with known terrorists.

There is something unseemly about this excessive security, and something undemocratic.
I could count at least seven guards around the place.

yeah because i think that if they if they tried for independence they would probably have uh
Many of the people from there do not like the situation of the government.

You were planting a bed of begonias round by the south side of the house yesterday afternoon, were you not, Manning?
Manning is believed to have been planting begonias and daisies yesterday afternoon. 

Maybe it is my training in the sciences coming to the fore, or maybe it's my belief that the Postal Service is too important to our economy and too intertwined in our everyday lives and livelihood to leave too much to chance.
The Postal Service is intertwined into our everyday lives and has been since 1902.

as earnest and sentimental.
There is no sentiment that is not earnest.

um i'd like to do that for a few years and then whenever i get settled down i would like to go back and teach college i'd like to be a professor
I have my Masters degree, but I don't have my PhD yet.

The Archaeological Museum of Iraklion is without a doubt one of the greatest archaeological collections in the world.
Iraklion's Archaeological Museum houses more prehistoric artifacts than any other collection in the world.

We learn, for example, that on his field trips with Lady Gregory, Yeats had difficulty understanding the thick Irish accent of the peasants.
Yeats quite enjoyed all of these field trips

Most tourist hotels and restaurants specialize in caution, with menus guaranteed to cause neither rapture nor complaints.
The hotels keep the precious balance between price and quality.

Some people make a pilgrimage to Colmar with the sole purpose of visiting the great Mus??e d'Unterlinden.
There is only one popular tourist spot in Colmar.

An alternative short walk is to head out along the levada for a half hour or so (before steep drops begin), by which time you will certainly have been able to sample its charm, and then head back to Ribeiro Frio.
The levada walk is actually pretty boring for most people.

Those who think culture drives politics (e.g.
All people think culture drives politics

Given her claim that she cannot stand to see Clinton on television--a fortiori in the flesh--does she really want to give the president's lawyers a stick to beat her with?
She said she hates to see Clinton on tv because it triggers her PTSD.

Gore never mentioned that Horton was black; indeed, he never mentioned Horton by name.
Gore consciously didn't mention Horton, as he didn't want to draw attention to him.

Israel is a small country, measuring just 445 km (260 miles) north to south and 112 km (70 miles) at its widest point, yet it packs in so many sights that you couldn't possibly see them all in the space of a two-week or even three-week trip.
Many Israeli cities have so much to see, it would take a week alone to see everything.

The Kal didn't help much.
It was typical for the Kal to help much more.

In preparation for our trip, I spent months studying Italian soccer on television.
I studied Italian soccer for our trip to Italy.

NSAs are doable under current law!
NSAs are beneficial for companies.

1.11 The concept of accountability for public resources is inherent in our nation's governing processes.
The concept of accountability for individuals is often a hard idea to grasp

Civilization Bad.
Civilization Bad is a good book.

A fertile island of vines, olive groves, and pine forest, that lies just 3 km (2 miles) from the Turkish coast, Samos has taken a back seat in Aegean history since its golden age in the fifth century b.c.
Samos is the closest island to the Turkish coast.

For example, nearly 34 percent of our evaluator and related staff will be eligible to retire by the end of fiscal year 2004.
34 percent of our evaluator staff will be able to retire by 2004, but most will stay on board

The cruise port, or Montego Bay Freeport, sits on an outcrop on the west side of the bay.
The bay is littered with garbage from uncaring tourists.

How'd I know they don't eat grass.
How would I possibly know those silly cows are allergic to grass?

yes the uh new employer in in the city
The new business owner and employer in town.

An element of configuration management, consistingConfiguration of the evaluation, coordination, approval orControl disapproval, and implementation of changes to
There are many complex elements to configuration management.

okay right right right we made those yeah yeah yeah i used to referee soccer games and uh uh i would use those watches to time the games and i'd be out on the field middle of the field at high noon
I bought several of the watches for the soccer team.

All transactions were entered in their books. 
We have it all written in our records.

yeah people'll will sit home and assume oh that guy would never get elected next thing you know you've got him
Nobody expected him to be elected, and because of that, he was elected.

I'm looking at ways to raise salaries.
One way to raise salaries is to cut employee benefits.

oh and it's not deductible anymore
They don't allow that deductible anymore. 

yeah it and to make it believable i mean i was i i was believing it i don't know about anybody else but i was it was great
I know now that it was not true.

Senior executives provide their CIOs with the authority they need to effectively carry out their diverse responsibilities.
CIOs have all the authority in a company.

well i don't i don't know i think that underlying underlying underlying we're all pretty probably not as as different as everybody thinks
I think most people don't notice that we are not that different.

166 from that moment, I was equally determined that he should not be arrested."
From that moment I determined that he was innocent.

Cumulative balances of available leave by type per employee are required to be maintained on record.
Employees are entitled to several kinds of leave with varying quotas.

A final important difference related to the nature of the risk may be that some workplace mortality risks tend to involve sudden, catastrophic events, whereas air pollution-related risks tend to involve longer periods of disease and suffering prior to death.
Air pollution-related risks, however, make up a greater portion of the mortality rate as a whole.

huh what's that about
You have an idea of what it is about?

thanks sir
Thanks for doing that for me sir.

Broadband PCS licenses were auctioned for Blocks A,B, and C. No auction has been held for blocks D, E and F.
The PCS licenses would cost a consumer 25 dollars, monthly.

oh yeah my husband would like to live there but i don't know all of our family is here so
Even though our family is here, my husband still wants to live there and I'm thinking about it.

On a personal note, what is the biggest mistake you made as an adult, and what lesson did you learn from it?
What have you learned about how to do better in school?

it's by Robert Magee and it's one that that we use in our work uh it's probably one you'd find in in like a Christian book store um
Everything that Robert Magee writes is practically Christian propaganda.

Goldwater later recanted this view, and even the most conservative Southern politicians now laud the Civil Rights Act of 1964, which removed barriers that legally prevented blacks from living and working where they wished.
Goldwater was not happy with barriers being removed that prevented blacks from living as they wished.

Recent research estimated that the growth in households' aggregate net worth over the 1960s and during the early 1990s was roughly equally divided between traditional saving and the increase in the nominal value of existing assets.
Recent research estimated that the growth in households' aggregate net worth over the 1960s and during the early 1990s was not as great as expected. 

What came next in this ridiculous world in which he seemed to be trapped?
He did not know a way out of this world.

The other's more expensive, demurred Tuppence.
Tuppence exclaimed the other is more expensive, but they weren't sure what the other one cost.

you know what what do you advocate more taxes or better management of what they got
The only two choices are more taxes or better management.

But they showed what true love is when Bo took over John's medical care and for seven weeks forced him to drink gallons of water to flush out stubborn kidney stones.
Jon was having lots of kidney problems.

He frequently quotes Ronald Reagan.
He is a big fan of Ronald Reagan.

Figure 19 shows GAO's human capital profile as of fiscal years 1989 and 2000.
GAO's capital rose through these years. 

In his August 2, 2001, letter to both Houses of Congress, the Vice President raised a number of objections to providing the information we requested.
The VP wrote the letter to congress about their constant requests for information.

We don't know.
We don't know, but we're trying to find out.

, about $100 if I use Strathmore, a competing paper, which is only 25 percent cotton rag.
Strathmore is cheaper but not as good quality. 

It had been got away from me once, and I determined I wouldn't let on I'd got it until a photographer had made a dozen copies of it!"
I cared about it very much.

This is where our greatest surprise exists.
This is where we meet our surprise enemy.

Over 40 invites attended.
Many of the guests who were invited brought guests.

In his liner notes, and more elaborately in our conversation, Levin claims the manuscript score makes Beethoven's intentions unambiguous on this point.
Levin studied Beethoven's scores for twenty years.

It provided for chief financial officers in the 24 largest federal departments and agencies, which together account for about 98 percent of the government's gross budget authority.
There is talk about reducing the number of agencies.

Slate 's take on the culture of impotence.)
Slate has a controversial view about people's inability to have erections

and down there at Sabine Pass uh i can't think of the guy's name but he held off the you know just he and a handful of guys managed to hold off the whole Union navy for a while from coming up the Sabine River which was of no consequence but still is an interesting story
These men were all given medals for their good work in the war.

Generally the train carriages were rusty and in ill-repaired, easy enough to sneak a ride on.
The trains were great to jump onto and ride away.

But consider the evil done to the truth by the good anti-tobacconists.
People who right tobacco are automatically good people.

A man looked in, then passed on to the next carriage.
A man was walking up and down the train looking for someone.

Since the payment is not demanded or earned, it is an other financing source to SMI rather than a revenue.
The payment is automatically regulated and carried out by a specifically configured computer software.

Congress changed the qualifications for In-county rates in 1986.
Congress wanted it to be easier to get an in-county rate.

No one should be angrier about this than Stephen Labaton, Jeff Gerth, and Safire's other colleagues at the Times who have patiently pursued the Clinton scandals in a careful way.
No one should be madder than Labaton who covered the Clinton scandals while trying not to offend him.

the quantities what are good for you what isn't and um Life Extensions
How many additional years would you like to live?

Understand what?
Did I understand what?

Media reports suggested that 1) he's as spry as ever and 2) Republicans can hardly wait to replace him with a living chairman.
The media reports are fairly aspect in this regard.

Free pick up service.
Free laundry pickup.

What we have to ask, however, is whether that was a bad thing.
We don't believe that was a bad thing.

uh-huh and then see i didn't cross stitch the actual thumb print you know that was just the ink and then i made the ears and little eyes and nose and mouth that was so simple and it just it didn't take anything at all
This part of the cross stitch project was really easy.

Less than two years later, on his deathbed, terribly ill and desirous of death, Keats asked just the same question in one of his last  Is there another life?
Shortly afterward, Keats found out that there was no other life.

It's more like defending a rich mobster.
It's like defending a bad guy just because you are related to him.

you know a lot a lot of people don't take newspapers at all we we took the Morning News for a while and then uh well we've been taking the Times Herald for ages and then
A lot of people don't take the papers but we took the Morning News and then switched to the Time Herald, which we liked better.

We will make your women whores for days before we roast them screaming on spits, said the demon scout.
The women were hoping to be rescued.

7 million for next year, according to Weir.
Next year will require $7 million for renovations.

things that uh get you on the edge of your seat a little too much for her
She doesn't like being on the edge of her seat, except at the movies.

On that issue hinges the abundance of intelligent life in the universe.
There is evidence that there is a lot of life out there in the universe.

This ultimate subsurface experience is becoming very popular in France, as it has been for a number of years in the United States.
The number of subsurface experiences offered doubled in France last year.

A precondition to risk assessment is the establishment of clear, consistent agency objectives.
Clear objectives are important for risk assessments.

He brushed past the man and turned, walking away.
He was scared that the man was going to attack him.

oh does she really
I do not believe that she does.

Deep depressions and high outcrops are blanketed by layers of green vegetation and topped by a lush canopy of trees, making travel difficult and sometimes dangerous.
The mangrove trees make a thick canopy.

and uh i think i think it's going to have to have it's patchwork put on us
The patchwork will be fun to do.

No, indeed. 
Not even a chance of it.

As the sophistication and the number of edits continue to evolve and become more widely applied throughout the government, agencies have been revising their automated payment processes to reflect these improvements while at the same time making their systems more efficient.
Improvements are costly to the agency.

The ultimate goal of the data reliability assessment is to determine whether you can use the data to answer the research question.
The data reliability assessment has an ultimate goal that is difficult to reach.

but they're bringing in some good young players too
The new players are all 21 years old.

and they know that people own a car that new unless absolutely dire circumstances or anything they're not going to keep on if the car were older
People own a car but will get rid of it when it gets to be ten years old.

yeah yeah it's not bad so you don't need you don't need money for gasoline you don't need money you know incidentals uh for coffee when i come into work in the morning and things like that but other than that um it looks like we're probably going towards a cashless society
Only a few people use cash to pay for things.

But of course it's not for Carleton Fiorina to say what the subject of the story is
Carleton Fiorina does not have sufficient experience to determine the subject of the story.

It can be a phone call asking, How are you?
Would a phone call like that make you feel any better?

uh if i lived in Washington DC i think i'd have a different attitude about Black people because i've heard that it it the they're terrible you know it's just like it's a dog eat dog world and here you know all my all my Black friends are professionals and they're they don't you know they don't go out and abuse drugs and they they send their kids to school and they they just they uh you know really encourage them to go to college and stuff so it's just a different world
I would not have a lot of Black friends, if I lived in a place like Washington DC.

There are several intricately carved steatite vessels, including the Harvesters Vase discovered at Aghaa Triada and decorated with a low relief of men at work in the fields.
Many ancient vases were found in the area.

Their love of perfection serves them well.
Perfectionism is always beneficial.

have you had any body work done on your car
Have you had any body work done on your car in the last month?

They stay dead, or they don't die.
It is hard to tell, but they are dead, or they aren't.

The signal knock, the demand for a number, and the reply "Correct." Two knocks followed in quick succession on the door below.
Two knocks could be heard in quick succession on the door below after the signal knock, then there was a shout.

of viruses going around i know i had strep throat here about a week ago week and a half ago
I never get strep, so this is not normal.  

yes i like rhythm and blues and i like country western and i like yeah Waylon
I love Johnny Cash, too.

LSC has made significant progress in this effort and continues to assist recipients in improving the quality of legal services nationwide.
LSC made a lot of progress and now reaches 40% of their target market.

Clinton called his talks with Netanyahu specific, frank, and candid.
Clinton's talk about Palestine with Netanyahu were very specific.

Scholars traveling across the country needed a common tongue beyond the elitist Latin to break through the barriers of regional dialects.
Latin was used in conjunction with other languages by traveling scholars communicating with others in different regions.

He was entirely puzzled?"
He was puzzled over that little jigsaw?

But the most important pleasure of Provence is not the sightseeing but the sun-soaked landscape, the leisurely pace of life, and the wonderful cuisine.
The wonderful cuisine, the landscapes and the leisurely pace of life create a wonderful vacation.

and then i'd sit at a desk for eight hours and then sit in the car for another hour and a half now that i've moved to Texas and i work ten minutes away um i have a lot more free time to take walks with the family or go bicycling bicycling or play basketball or baseball with my son and uh uh it just uh it from that standpoint uh leaving that area was a was was turn turn around was good for my health i guess you could say
I did not like working at the desk for eight hours a day.

On sunny summer days, people picnic and families spend time in the fresh air.
People have picnics in the summer when the museum is open all day.

do you do barbecues
Do you make ribs?

The Australian reported Wednesday that scientists have discovered a dinosaur the size of a small gray kangaroo and have curiously named it Qantassaurus intrepidus after the Australian airline, Qantas.
The new dinosaur discovered was loved by kids.

not a whole well not a whole lot i think our cabbages and broccolis and that we have more trouble with that type of thing with the the yeah
We are working on improving our yields of cabbages and broccoli. 

The two sticks hung loose in his hands.
He held onto the brown sticks.

She wore high boots and high breeches that left her thighs mostly bare.
Her high heeled boots and breeches left her thighs almost bare.

A good orientation exercise is to start with an organized sightseeing tour with Dublin Bus from Upper O'Connell Street or Bus from the Travel Centre at Busjras in Store Street.
the Travel Centre at Busjras carries wonderful souvenirs.

A relatively new risk area receiving particular attention in organizational policies was user behavior.
Anticipating user behavior is key to implementing better policies.

What other secrets did the man hold?
The man definitely held many secrets.

These crooks we're up against would as soon croak a girl as a man any day."
The man was very serious about fighting the crooks.

Today, Bailey says, world food prices are back below the 1990 price.
Bailey has played a key role in making food more affordable since 1990.

… From an early age I realized that I had exceptional abilities.
I am very proud of my exceptional abilities.

America, after all, elected Nixon--and not despite the paranoia and dread that runs through this book but, in some ways, because of it.
America made a great mistake when it elected Nixon as president.

Conclusions
Conclusions conclude 

This nation, too, seemed antagonistic toward America and bent on global domination.
Antagonism toward America seemed justified at one point.

'But we have certain concerns about image copyright.
We believe there may be infractions on your part when it comes to copyright.

Machine guns dealt with the overgrown birds.
Machine guns shot down the oversized crows. 

If I want you, I'll come to you.
Please leave me alone. 

LSOI then changed its name to Indiana Legal Services, Inc. (ILS) and on January 1, 2001 became the only LSC funded program in Indiana.
LSOI was once called ISIS

Looking out of a window onto the panorama of high mountains and wave upon wave of rolling hills, one can imagine the young prince saying to himself This must be my kingdom. 
That window is the only vantage point in the area that offers such a stunning view.

He plays it up because it endangers his opponents more than it endangers him.
He would rather danger his opponents than himself. 

Yes, she said hoarsely, at last, "I know.
It took her so long to remember Han Solo's line from Star Wars, "I know." 

But Tiepolo's vision, like Rilke contemplating autumn leaves, was of a world where everything is  And yet, there is One who holds this falling with infinite softness in his hands.
Rilke often spends a lot of time thinking about plants. 

Deir Abu Maker is the most important, having provided several leaders for the Coptic church; nearby is Deir Anba-Baramos.
Deir Abu Maker is one of the largest cities in the region.

From its western shore you can gain access to Scale Force, at 60 m (170 ft) the highest waterfall in the Lake District.
Scale Force is one of the largest waterfalls in the country.

He makes a fatal  The initial murders are so horrifying in their plainness that when the movie takes the gentlemanly way out and refuses to provide a cathartic bloodbath, the audience feels burned.
The movie shows the mass murder.

Also, a spooky photo of TWA Flight 800's reconstructed remains, which have been pieced together in a New York airplane hangar.
The reconstructed remains of the TWA Flight 800 can be found in a Manhattan hangar. 

There is a unique relief of the queen found on the rear facade of the temple, the only representation from her lifetime to have been identified.
There are possibly more reliefs of the queen waiting to be identified.

You get to a hotel room in your travel-stained sweater, shirt, and pants, and drop all these down a chute.
The hotel staff will launder your clothes for free.

That is not what I meant.
Let me explain myself again.

Sharon has especially exploited Kosovo to court Israel's 1 million new Russian immigrants, whose votes are expected to decide the election's outcome.
A million Russians came to Israel in the past year.

She gave me a pointed look, eyes flashing.
She became angry with me and glared at me, eyes flashing.

The small entities include most providers, physicians, and health care suppliers, either by virtue of their non-profit status or by having revenues of $5 million or less annually.
Most pizza restaurants make less than five million dollars a year.

Eight techniques are used-sometimes all of them in the same study-to collect information (Neustadt and Fineberg, 1978; Yin, 1989).
The techniques all take a different approach to data collection.

Dave started to phrase some protest, when he found his legs taking him forward to stop in front of Sather Karf, like some clockwork man whose lever has been pushed.
Dave was unhappy that he was unable to stop.

5 million has been raised since the campaign began.
The campaign is to fight illiteracy among school teachers.

and then quite often they'll get shot because
People are shot quite often here.

so i think it's a good idea is what i'm trying to say
The sale of the house is a good idea, my friend.

politician is pushing it or uh or Mitch Snider or Mitch Snider oh okay well see that's a DC thing Mitch Snider is the the advocate for the homeless that uh he he said      said said it out here in Washington uh Washington but he started the um uh  the movement for creative nonviolence
Mitch Snider has a real soft heart for the homeless.

yeah yeah you just couldn't you couldn't put it down you couldn't put it down
Yes, you couldn't stop reading, even though the text was sometimes upside down.

Depending on how much time you have, you may want to combine two or three of the regions in order to get a sense of the great diversity of French Paris and the wine country, the mountains, or the Atlantic or Mediterranean coasts.
France is one of the most diverse tourist destinations in the world.

Opened as a museum in 1853, the small rooms display Knox memorabilia and the influential manuscripts from which he preached his Calvinist texts.
The museum is a major tourist attraction.

I'd say he sure had him a run of pure solid luck!
I don't think he could have done it without some solid luck.

Claiborne persevered, however, learned French, changed the laws, and brought his carping constituents into the American fold as citizens of the new State of Louisiana, even though it was very much unlike any other US state.
The difference between the State of Louisiana and other US states made it a more attractive place for tourists.

Tomb 57, that of Khaemhat, was decorated with statues of himself and his family very rare for tombs of his class.
The tomb was decorated with 3 ft tall statues.

This document is available to the public through the National Technical Information Service, Springfield, Virginia 22161.
The National Technical Information Service opened its Virginia office last summer. 

In dealing with the real issue, the American press is hobbled by its strengths as well as its weaknesses.
The American press is incapable of handling the real issue.

Others may not promote referral and treatment.
Some may dislike referrals 

Companies cannot plead ignorance as a defense unless they've already instituted a strong system of dealing with [harassment] problems.
Companies can't say they're ignorant because harassment is very serious.

I was violently excited. 
I needed to leave. 

and they told him to sign up for this and he asked me if i wanted to do it and i said sure you know it's like just you know to help out whatever you know the the more participants you have the bigger
They told him to sign up for it and he asked me if I wanted to do it too but I wasn't sure if it was a good idea. 

It was a fort, all right, this whole stronghold of Rennie's not just the bunkhouse which formed part of a side wall.
The bunkhouse was an added extensions to the house.

In addition, there are many aspects of information security, such as risk assessment, policy development, and disaster recovery planning, that require coordinated management attention.
Risk assessment is the biggest aspect of information security.

I got mad.
I was angry at the women.

Soon the Kal's eyes too went out of focus.
Kal could not focus because it was so dark. 

And when given the choice between a placebo and the cannabinoid blocker, rats choose the blocker.
Rats prefer to use the blocker because they don't like how the cannabinoids make them feel.

so anyway uh uh do you ever  fish for catfish
How are the catfish out here?

Her pale gold hair, owing a slight assistance to art, was coiled low on her neck, her eyes, of a piercing electric blue, seemed to possess a faculty of boring into the very soul of the person she was looking at.
She wanted to extract secrets from the object of her gaze.

i couldn't remember in Tigon had purchased GTE's phone mail services or if GTE had purchased Tigon i knew there was some type of a tie in there i remember reading in the paper a few months back but
I think I read in the newspaper a few months ago that either Tigon or GTE bought the other but that it was a long and difficult process because of some sort of tie they encountered.

Now the largest private shipyard in the world, this was the intended target that the US Air Force B-52 missed when it dropped the second atomic bomb.
The shipyard is owned by Mitsubishi.

Some criteria, however, are seen as unique to case studies and qualitative approaches.
Some criteria are not unique to the case studies and approaches.

For traditional crafts, the House of Ireland, on the corner of Nassau and Dawson carries a fine selection of jewelry, crystal, and knitwear.
House of Ireland contains the best jewelry available in Dublin.

yep yeah probably you're probably right yeah two years is might be a little too long
People cannot wait a whole two years to see change.

Legal Aid gets funding from the federal Legal Services Corp. based on a formula that counts the number of poor people in a service area.
The funding is too low and the counting of poor people is inaccurate.

These problems include top management's lack of emphasis on ensuring that the internal controls are in place to deter fraud, waste, and abuse.
The internal controls are ignored by the top management due to incompetence.

They should pray Clinton doesn't give it to them.
They will face Clinton's wrath. 

no in inside the gate i do not carry any weapon at all
The area inside the gate is a safe space where weapons of any sort are not allowed.

Heard tell leastways Callie's been spoutin' it around that you was with General Forrest. 
Callie has been saying that he was with General Forrest but it was a lie.

For purposes of city and rural delivery cost analysis, we present (1) a comparison using the actual labor costs of the two crafts, and (2) a comparison using the average labor costs of all Postal Service collective bargaining employees.
The actual labor costs are much higher than the average labor costs.

a 553, the Commission transmitted a complete copy of the proposed and final rulemaking materials to each of its licensees, including small entities.
The proposed rulemaking materials took at least  two years to finalize.

Resorts outside Kos Town include Kardamena on the south coast, a young, energetic resort; Tigaki on the north coast, a quiet resort more suited to couples and families; and Kamari, which sits the farthest from Kos Town.
Kardemana is larger than Kamari and Tigaki combined.

I applaud the New York Times for trying to convey some of that excitement and say woe to you for dipping to such cynicism.
I applaud the New York Times is trying to convey some of the excitement about the new Broadway play opening. 

but it wasn't an exciting war it really wasn't
There wasn't a lot of resistance put up during the war.

Whether you prefer lying on a beach, leisurely strolls, or more energetic activities, you will find what you want here.
The more energetic activities include sailing.

The deal turned out to be the bargain of all time something like four cents an acre for what became Iowa, Arkansas, Missouri, Nebraska, South Dakota, and most of Kansas, Louisiana, and Oklahoma.
Those who bought field grow richer than they expected.

One piece says the veep is likely to take credit for wiring school and libraries to the Internet--even though this wiring is subsidized by a universal service charge on everyone's phone bill.
The veep has not given a statement regarding this piece's report.

The breakup of the U.S.S.R. shattered the army into 15 pieces, as Russia lost nukes, ships, bases, and many of its best officers to newly independent republics.
The army broke into 15 pieces in 1992.

Noyers is a fortified medieval village with 16 towers in its ramparts.
All 16 towers around Noyers are still in good condition.

The good Conrad struck hard." He indicated the evil-faced doorkeeper by a nod.
The good Conrad was the land's ruler, and he raised taxes.

It's sad, really.
It's sad they had to go to war.

Ca'daan's father had taught him the secret to crossing the highway without fear.
Ca'daan's dad could cross the highway quickly.

What? Poirot laid down the case again. 
The case was laid down once again by Poirot, who wouldn't give in no matter the cost.

'I hear you've been enjoying yourself.'
I hear that this has been the best month for you.

On two occasions these were said just to me, and on one occasion they were said in front of others.
These were said to me three times.

I should say, the doctor was continuing, "that I would have been considerably surprised at any other result."
The doctor was disappointed with the obtained result.

In requesting an analysis of These four scenarios, the Senate request asked for  results through 2020, in periods of five years or less, using the Annual Energy Outlook 2001 (AEO2001) as the baseline.
These four scenarios explain all the possibilities.

Dave tried to crawl out, but something held him back.
Dave was stuck.

The net effect on national saving-discussed further in Q4.
National saving must be discussed 

The Japanese themselves have no trouble wandering easily from one such context to another.
Changing contexts is a tradition among the Japanese.

The White House need not turn over any documents until the Supreme Court adjudicates the case.
The Supreme Court usually takes from few days to few weeks to adjudicate cases.

Coetzee's Waiting for the Barbarians  (Patrick McGrath, New York Times Book Review ). High praise also for Kadare, a perennial nominee for the Nobel Prize.
Kadare only has a few more years available to try for the Nobel Prize.

Twenty years ago, Joseph Zuska, a surgeon with an interest in alcohol problems among injured patients  The crisis that brings the alcoholic to the surgeon is an opportunity for intervention in a progressive, often fatal disease.
The surgeon should take a top role in interventions.

so that's the hardest thing for us and um we've been trying to kind of maintain traditional lifestyle in the sense of meaning home we have a three year old and a two year old and i'm trying to stay home as long as i can
I have not been able to spend very much time at home.

Home of the American heiress until her death in 1979, this unfinished 18th-century palace provides a delightful canal-side setting for what is widely considered one of the world's most comprehensive collections of modern art.
The collection also contains many unfinished pieces, notably several by Warhol.

Wheels on rollers!
The wheels on the rollers were red.

on the whole i'm pleased when i have an opportunity to hear just the facts i would much prefer that they keep their analysis to themselves um since i don't necessarily agree with it or it tends to be extraordinarily trite
Hearing their analysis doesn't offer any benefit.

And why not? asked Boris.
And what is the explanation? asked Boris

oh wow yeah that's nice so is your husband a singer
There are many singers that do not make it.

Don't even think of doing India the way people do Europe.
India and Europe both have many specialized tours for people arriving there for the first time.

And eventually people are no longer eager to live on garbage dumps.
People don't like the smell of garbage dumps.

it seems to be socially acceptable as a self-esteem you know building building the person's confidence up and you have
Society likes people who do that kind of thing.

With tiny windows and thick walls, it made a perfect secret hideaway for counting stolen  pieces of eight.  
It made a great hideaway place until it was discovered. 

The recent union with England was the inspiration for street names such as Rose and Thistle. 
Another street named Braveheart was also inspired by the union.

Well met.
There was a friendly greeting.

they are a handful
These three kids are a handful.

She went down the passage to his sittingroom and knocked at the door.
If she didn't go down the passage, she wouldn't have been able to knock to see if he was there.

Ira Magaziner told a press briefing that slowing the rate of growth actually benefits beneficiaries considerably because it slows the rate of growth of the premiums they have to pay.
Beneficiaries have been hurt the most in recent tax raises.

women are more on the rise too so far as getting their careers established and uh they don't no longer feel dependent upon men
More women than before are starting and building their careers.

Flat land is at such a premium in Funchal that even the likes of Reid's and Hotel Savoy can only afford two tennis courts each.
Some hotels in Funchal cannot afford flat land for tennis courts.

If country A has twice as many inhabitants as country B, then the slope and intercept of A's cost function will be twice as large as the slope and intercept of B's cost function.
Population is shown on a graph using slope and intercept.

Wander, at your own risk, among the walls, crumbling turrets, and caves, and look out toward the surrounding islands of Mykonos and Andros.
The crumbling architecture and aesthetic is risky and appreciated. 

East of the Groseorloge stands the great Cathedrale Notre-Dame, made famous in modern times by Monet's many Impres?­sion?­ist studies of its facade.
Monet also painted the interiors of Notre-Dame.

The rooms are basic but comfortable; there are lovely gardens, and the staff are friendly.
Each room includes a complimentary personal massager.

LSC also uses a cost-per-case analysis to compare similarly situated grantees.
Cost-per-case analysis is the only analysis used to compare. 

University of California, Center for the Study of Evaluation, 1978.
University of California conducts lots of studies 

He didn't want me to come," she added by way of explanation.
"He said I'm not allowed to come" she said.

The papers are full up to the brim with that type of thing.
The papers are filled with many things.

to this day i don't care if i go or not you know if it's going to get me it's get me
I don't care if I go because I really actually wanted to stay home. 

The critics praise Kidder's reporting, but most find the discursive style slow going.
The critics praise Kidder's reporting because he is very detailed, even if a lot of viewers see his style as slow going.

Maui fell first, followed by Oahu, Lanai, and Molokai.
Maui was the first to fall, said the teacher.

Visitors can board a tram that travels through famous film sets.
The film sets are very famous because of the western movies.

 The National Diamond Centres in Netanya.09-862 4770) as well as Jerusalem.02-673 3770) will pick you up from your hotel and give you a free tour of the workshops, where they will offer a wide choice of goods to select from and expert advice on what you may want to buy.
You will find higher quality diamonds if you request help from The National Diamond Centres.

In reality, coal-fired facilities, on average, have lower capacity factors.
Oil-fired facilities almost always have higher capacity factors.

Bloodlust still filled the huge man's black eyes until he saw Jon.
The man looked like he was going to attack up.

Thorn stood impassive, his huge sword resting on his shoulder.
Thorn had a sword covered in blood.

A prospective cumulative case study was commissioned by the U.S.
The U.S. commissioned a prospective cumulative case study to gather information on the likelihood that refugees from the Middle East end up committing acts of terrorism. 

Such opportunities are critical not only in developing employees that understand the whole business and, in turn, provide greater value to their customers in the operating divisions but also as a way of ensuring that an adequate supply of wellprepared financial professionals is available to fill key positions.
The business will not function without well-prepared financial professionals.

Adrin! shouted Jon.
Jon was warning Adrin about the incoming demons.

No matter how fast we all run, someone must be behind.
We cannot all be at equal places together.

Such reports shall include background on the use of such authority within the past 24 months and shall be provided to the Committees on Appropriations, the Senate Committee on Governmental Affairs, and the House Committee on Government Reform.
Reports would be given to the Senate Committee on Governmental Affairs, located in the White House.

Creating a lush Madeiran backyard won't be easy, but you can still take home souvenir flamingo flowers (anthuriums), orchids, and bird-of-paradise flowers (strelitzias, or estrel?­cias in Portuguese).
There are more than three kinds of flowers you can bring home as souvenirs.

That, of course, was the perfect symbol, and hence the true whole.
All who looked upon the symbol felt a surge of pride and love.

Advocates turning to state for financial assistance
The advocates are requesting financial aid from the state.

In such cases, the components may need to provide additional disclosures or different measurements required to comply with Federal GAAP.
The measurements required by GAAP are strenuous.

FGD installation plans and experience have been extensive in the U.S. and abroad.
Plans for FGD installation take months to complete.

it's you know has it like from one foot to four foot and i thought i would never buy a house were there is a flood gauge down the street
I can't believe I have a house with a nearby flood gauge, it's got to surprising for you too.

And who's this?" She indicated the shivering Kramenin.
The shivering Kramenin is a male.

When the cremation is completed, the ashes are scattered in the shallow waters of the Bagmati, which is regarded as holy because it is a tributary of the Ganges.
The ashes will go beyond the shallow waters into te further reaches of the river. 

is it well see uh qualities one thing but to me the uh not necessarily just the friendliness of the service but the service is real important
The service has to be good. 

'Is that what lent your impression credence? You're merely playing up to a fantasy.
Is the glamour what made you want to try to do that?

The slopes may not be very challenging, but there's enough to keep you interested for a few days.
The slopes aren't for experts but the number of them make up for it.

doesn't make any sense
Going bankrupt just doesn't make sense. 

'You're sure you can be ready so quickly?' Peter Greuze asked, from behind his gigantic desk.
Peter looked up from his papers at his desk.

Wait Until Dark (Brooks Atkinson Theatre).
Among the movies showing at the Brooks Atkinson is something called 'Wait Until Dark'.

and the shows that i like now they wouldn't let me watch i had to catch them all on repeats like Star Trek they thought that was much too violent for small children so
I would go over to a friend's house to watch Star Trek.

Each packet seeks the cheapest route, at the instant it is sent, to the destination.
Each packet costs approximately 20 dollars.

so and we just started two or three weeks ago and we're not going to just kill ourselves you know just two or three houses a week at the most
So far its a rewarding process.

well we don't do much eating out
We usually eat dinner at home. 

The war against drugs is not a war against crime
The war on narcotics is not a war against criminals.

Nothing? Jon asked.
Jon asked Susan if it was nothing.

In the case of the Earned Income Tax Credit, it is also a rare opportunity to significantly enhance the living situation of a low-income family by obtaining funds rightfully due them.
The families really need the funds.

Thorn and the others lusted after them.
The others lusted over them because Thorn did.

140 On September 15th John Cavendish appeared in the dock at the Old Bailey, charged with "The Wilful Murder of Emily Agnes Inglethorp," and pleaded "Not Guilty." Sir Ernest Heavywether, the famous K. 
The man had a gun in his hand and a cigar in his mouth.

be shared among agencies, and
You should be shared among agencies because they can help you.

Nevertheless, GAO is the only agency that can consistently provide the Congress and the executive branch with analysis, options, and recommendations that are long range, broad, in coverage, and integrated in the development and presentation of critical information.
The GAO employs more than five hundred analysis.

Staff are also able to assume special initiatives and projects and to participate in national, regional and statewide meetings and conferences.
Staff are required to participate in meetings held at the capital.

uh they were a fairly decent looking team
They were fairly decent looking for a group of boys. 

That is, generators respond to declining allowance caps just like people respond to declining income when they're planning for  they do more now, investing and saving for the future.
Generators feel restricted by the declining caps fight against them.

George W. Bush takes both covers.
Mr. Both has additional covers.

Conglomeration may not be back in, but franchising is, and that's HFS's whole business.
Franchising is a low cost way to spread a business and find competent people to do that.

Specific activities performed by central groups differed somewhat, primarily because they relied to a varying extent on security managers and administrators in subordinate units and on other organizationally separate groups, such as disaster recovery or emergency response teams.
While the activities were different in some ways, they were alike in others.

Dating from around 1625, Moray House saw a visit from Oliver Cromwell, Lord Protector of England; the house stayed in the Moray family until the mid-19th century.
Oliver Cromwell spent the night at Moray House.

A sign of failure, of a feeble economy, perhaps?
Is that a sign that the economy has slowed down this year?

And then, suddenly, a dreadful possibility flashed through my mind. 
That the men at the gay bar could secretly be straight!

well then how can you how can you say as far as like in um Europe as far as the the toppling of those kinds of governments you know like
Because Europe is a government toppling country, of course.

This semi-Italian corruption didn't last long.
Certain economic circumstances gave rise to the semi-Italian corruption.

With the growth of tourism as a major industry, resort facilities have burgeoned in smaller islands such as Penang, Pangkor, and Langkawi on the west coast of the peninsula, Tioman on the east coast, and around Sabah's offshore nature reserve near Kota Kinabalu.
There are only three islands off the west coast of the country.

There are over 60 tombs in the valley and some still yet to be discovered dating c.1490 1100 b.c. , but not all will be open on your visit.
The tombs are not available to tourists.

Marilyn Sommers related her experience from two clinical trials among hospitalized patients.
Marilyn Sommers is widely regarded as an expert in statistics.

In fact he renders his message in such appealing, facile strokes that one wants to believe he just panicked after the success of High Fidelity and turned out a callow rush job.
He won an Oscar for High Fidelity.

We have presented six types of case study evaluations and for each one described features such as number of sites, site selection, data collection, data analysis, and reporting.
There are a minimum of five features incorporated into each case study evaluation proposal

And not a clue left behind.
No clues had yet been found.

He goes boldly to the village chemist's and purchases strychnine under his own name, with a trumped up story about a dog which is bound to be proved absurd. 
He lied about a rabid dog, and bought strychnine from the chemist. 

I may have lost some of youth's sharpness, and I may be stranded in an alien world, but I am no fool.
Just because I've been stuck in this alien world for the last few years doesn't mean I'm a fool. 

well um my grandma speaking of those meatballs again she um every Christmas and and Easter whenever we have at the big get-together over at her house she makes this meat ball sauce and it has i don't know they are just kind of like quarter size meatballs and they are absolutely delicious i don't know what she calls them and i don't i'm sure she puts wine in it because um she cooks everything with alcohol but
My grandma makes terrible meatballs.

Cuneiform tablets found here record the arrival in Anatolia of warlike invaders around the second mill?Υnnium b.c.
The arrival in Anatolia is recorded in cuneiform tablets, said the museum guide.

13 Food Safety and  Fundamental Changes Needed to Ensure Safe Food, October 10, 2001 (GAO-02-47T).
There are ten guidelines that must be followed to ensure safe food. 

well gosh thanks
I was being sarcastic when saying thanks.

uh the um well typical bureaucratic i guess uh that's that's one of my pet peeves i came up with a brilliant idea how we could reduce the uh the budget
My idea for reducing the budget would work if they tried it.

He appeared on every network Tuesday night to insist that the Bush brothers and other victorious Republican governors such as George Pataki (New York), John Rowland (Connecticut), Tommy Thompson (Wisconsin), and John Engler (Michigan) were conservatives.
Every network on Tuesday guested him, and he insisted about talking about Republicans governors that to him were conservatives, which raised some eyebrows.

They have overstayed their welcome and must be told to leave.
They may have overstayed their welcome due to their behavior.

But meanness trumps the other qualities.
But meanness and cruelty trumped kindness and other good qualities. 

When a washer or dryer finishes and the owner doesn't show up within a few minutes to collect the clothes, what am I supposed to do if I am waiting for the machine?
How long do I wait for someone to remove their clothes from the washer or dryer?

Postal Service costs from Table 2, Figure 1 shows that as per capita volume increases, the mail processing proportion of total cost will increase and the delivery proportion will decrease.
In the latest yearly report the Postal Service reported that as per capita volume increases, the mail processing proportion of total cost will increase and the delivery proportion will decrease using the information provided in Table 2, Figure 1.

We're trying to liberalize the [federal] Stafford and Perkins loan programs, he said. 
The programs are being negatively affected by them.

Star rapper Shakur was murdered, and Knight went to jail.
Tupac's murder was a tragedy. 

The monasteries and priories including the very powerful abbey at Furness assumed total control over all activities, and the residents became serfs to these new landlords.
There are many roles to fulfil when looking at the monastery.

yeah but i always  see it's all it's all money this like a couple other topics we had talked about was crime It it's it's all money based and what you can do unless you just get down to the parent level and and then if you're in a bad situation where you have to send your child to a bad school who knows but maybe we do we need some more Catholic schools support the church instead  they seem to have done a the good job in the past in uh some places uh you couldn't go to a public school it was miles down the road and the only school you could go to was the Baptist school or the Catholic school so
We did even get to talk about Catholic vs Baptist schools.

and i'm like i don't believe this
I have never believed it.  

Well, it is difficult to explain. 
It is possible that there is no explanation. 

for different people for you know other places
Instead of all the same.

never have
I have never gone to the zoo.

And the second point? I asked. 
I was very curious to hear the second point.

But a new idea like that, as bold as it is - that's what you'd expect.
Ideas like this are very rare.

Kim Luu and her six co-workers never see the callers' faces.
Kim Luu and her co-workers don't get along.

yeah we're about ten miles south of Lake Ontario actually whoever built the city was an idiot in my opinion because they built it they built it far enough from the city that it actually couldn't be a port city
We're 10 miles south of Lake Ontario down I-35.

They don't hurt you, said Red.
They don't hurt you very much or for long, Said Red.

There was evidence that life was present just as soon as the planet cooled and solidified.
A cool planet might have been the one thing that allowed life to form. 

Purpose2 Background3 Results in Brief4 Principal Findings6 Recommendations for Executive Action9 Agency Comments10
The comments are directed to the reader.

This is a major funding crisis for legal aid throughout the state, said Jamie Hamon, executive director of the Access to Justice Foundation, a statewide poverty-law resource center in Lexington.
Jamie Hamon has been the executive director for four years.

it's like really weird  coincidence yeah uh um i really don't think they can do it though i mean i i you know i think that things that your talking about like anything that emphasizes the social services
It's strange that it happened that way, but I'm sure they didn't intentionally do that.

and uh the whole defense industry issue of having so many layers of management just to handle the paperwork and
The tax payers spend lots of money paying the salaries of their handlers.

Nowhere is that more clear than in the periodic appearance of what I call the Left-Behind White.
The choice for president is not clear anywhere other than the Left-Behind White.

EPA has determined that this rule contains a federal mandate that may result in expenditures of $100 million or more for state, local, and tribal governments, or the private sector in only its first year.
There will be expenditures of $100 million or more.

In addition, it provides case studies, lessons from experts, and a forum allowing users to share information or to ask questions.
The case studies are very helpful in making future plans.

To make matters worse, I have never had a girlfriend.
It makes me sad that I've never had a relationship with a woman.

uh i heard uh someone uh supposedly an authority saying speaking on TV saying that the interest rate as we have known it in the past will never be the that high again and he was speaking in senior citizens living on their incomes of from interest CD interest and that sort of interest i think the voting block of senior citizens is a tremendous voting block too but every voting block is slapped and toward their own special interest and i think that makes it doubly difficult to make a change i guess i'm saying we're all selfish
Voting blocks work against the common good of society.

Do you know what time this doofus has breakfast? Kudu began to build the suspense, aided by a gulp of tatamamina.
Kudu sipped his fruit juice.

Attribution of injury to alcohol involvement in young adults seriously injured in alcohol-related motor vehicle crashes.
Alcohol is a leading cause of motor vehicle accidents.

Not expecting a land attack, Commonwealth troops on the peninsula were ill-prepared.
Land attacks were fought more carefully after this combat. 

right but he took their plates up and made sure they didn't see him and i think he was the one i heard him mention about the tickets were messed up so they went to take care of the tickets he took their plates and began eating his eating their food
They had to deal with the ticket situation.

just in the ability to handle and then i have uh a three eighty six FX a sixteen bit machine
My three eight six FX is very easy to handle.

As part of these deliberations, the Congress should consider not only the mission and role that agencies fulfill today, but the mission and role that they should fulfill in the coming years.
Congress deliberates on a variety of issues that directly affect the government and the people of the United States.

What with all the cannon-firing and colourful acting, the excitement can reach fever pitch.
Cannons are fired in a south west direction.

 for example, motor vehicle records to detect crashes; police records to assess criminal activities; and state vital statistics registries, the Social Security Death Index, and the Fatal Accident Reporting System (FARS) to detect mortality.
FARS detected 30,000 deaths last year.

yeah thirty two years and my wife's a Texan so of course naturally my children but they still think i'm a Yankee
My wife was born in Dallas.

This accomplishes several objectives.
This gets a lot done, but there is room for more. 

The chateau was owned by a series of women including the beautiful Diane de Poitiers, mistress to Henri II, and Catherine de M??dicis.
Diane de Poitiers owned more of the chateau than the other female occupants.

From the air it looked more than a little ramshackle.
It was stronger than it looked from the air.

Federal Reserve Bank of Cleveland, July 2000.
The bank was founded when Cleveland was a small city.

You're not dead!
I'm so glad you're not dead.

no it's not fair
The lack of equality is causing a lot of trouble. 

seven to ten minutes and then you can make chocolate or you can take it off and when it cools a little you put um really good vanilla favoring in it and some butter and that makes French vanilla um custard
Vanilla flavoring always makes chocolate stuff taste better.

yeah yeah it it is crazy because like you say this country was founded uh and obviously had a uh had a big interest in in letting them their citizens arm themselves and which uh you know which maybe does cause some problems that maybe other countries with more restrictive laws don't have but it's one of the prices that you have to pay for for freedom i think
Citizens are not willing to give up their freedom.

Extensions date from the 17th century, including a watchtower erected in the early 1800s to deter body snatchers.
Besides the watchtower a tavern was also built in the 1800s.

i'm not sure that they can repeat okay
I think it was just a one time thing that cannot be repeated.

Situated where the Nile valley widens to become the Nile Delta, it is now the largest city in Africa with a population of over 14 million people.
The Nile Delta has millions of residents, up 50% from 10 years ago.

so no wonder you like sports so you were a physical education teacher
You became a physical education teacher because you like sports.

um let's see when i each time that i thought that the Indians were going to get killed i cried um i cried the first time when the um
I cried a total of ten times.

From Elda, follow the signs to Novelda to find yet another Moorish castle set high on a hill.
The views from the castle are spectacular.

There is more to Christianity than the Christian right--both Roman Catholic and evangelical/fundamentalist.
Groups such as the Quakers are often considered to be part of the Christian left.

Protect the confidentiality
Protect the confidentiality of the password.  

Sorry, said Tommy, extricating himself.
My apologies, Tommy freed himself  to work on the project.

yeah i've i've i've noticed
I've noticed her attentions.

(You can just throw them in the washing machine, if the kids' sandy clothes haven't stripped the gears yet.)
The children's clothes have stripped the gears.

Hoped-for federal grants havent come through, so hes had to raise his rates.
He has had to raise his rates because the federal grants haven't come through, wrote the journalist.

A statutory term is to be interpreted based on its plain and ordinary meaning, in light of its context and the purpose and design of the statute as a whole. 
The individual in charge of the actual interpretation is usually a justice of the Supreme Court.

It should be noted also that no clients were involved in this event.
It is important to know that no clients were invited.

Be quick." Drawing a long breath, Tuppence entered the Mansions and ran up to the door of No. 20.
Tuppence ran up the second floor to door No. 20. 

well you know the funny thing i find about American opinion is that when we have gone in to destabilize a government before the American public goes crazy
The public is not yet aware of the actions that America is taking in the foreign government.

To the west on Jaffa Road is the large new municipal government center, Safra Square.
Jaffa Road is often busy due to the location of the government centre there.

That's it, sir, right enough. 
That's right, sir, you are correct.

Such techniques, often referred to as social engineering, exploit users' tendencies to be cooperative and helpful, instead of guarded, careful, and suspicious, when information is requested.
Social engineering has been put to use with users from a variety of different backgrounds.

all of his own plants under a a light he put out in the garage to help keep them you know alive and get them a good start so we hope we have a lot of flowers this year so
He started the plants indoors under a light in the garage and they are all thriving.

Stardom can also be very transitory, and losing it, after once having had it, can be terribly depressing.
Stardom is almost always very transitory, losing it is common. 

Thus, if a U.S. court rules a search is unconstitutional, the inspectors will be forced to obtain warrants.
The warrant is hard to obtain for inspectors.

South of Gezira is Roda Island, home to Manial Palace, now converted into an art gallery.
The art gallery has more visitors than it did when it was Manial Palace.

Could this anti-missile insurance policy reawaken a Cold War confrontation thought dead, lo, these past 10 years?
Could a Cold War scenario begin with trying to keep people from building missiles?

For example, USDA's Animal and Plant Health Inspection Service's (APHIS) web page contained a Regulations link that provides a listing of recently published rules, along with text or Adobe Portable Document Format (PDF) files allowing viewers to read the rules on line.
PDF is the format of choice for most of the documents on the internet, and USDA is keeping up with the times; allowing visitors to view the rules and regulations online speeds up the process of technical support.

(Frank is hardly the first to note that the tastes of a hip bohemian elite have spread to the masses, or to argue that the results of this cultural migration are deleterious.
Frank is not the first, but he is one of them, to note the tastes of the bohemian elite have spread to the masses.

The Carriage Museum (Museo delle Carrozze), in a wing on the far right of the palace, and the Royal Apartments (Appartamenti Monumentali), upstairs, right of the main entrance, show an opulent, truly palatial life that the palazzo's dour exterior never lets you suspect.
The palace was designed by a french architect.

Payment authorization is generally restricted to designated persons in the agency.
This is so lower ranking employees don't commit funds they aren't authorized too.

The museum focuses on Spanish and international 20th- century art, and is best known for exhibiting Picasso's monumental Guernica behind bulletproof glass.
The bulletproof glass makes it somewhat difficult to see the painting, but the museum considers it an acceptable cost for protecting it.

Don't be surprised when it flops.
It's going to flop, for sure.

A worker earning between $25,000 and $40,000 was to receive a 20 percent match on the first $100 contributed and additional contributions.
The 20 percent match was massively beneficial to workers.

A good hoss, maybe a wagon, does a man want to do some tradin' like Don Cazar that's right enough.
Trading is a real man's job, and you need at least a hoss for that.

To one person, a case study involves looking at individual people.
There have been thirty case studies conducted by them.

There may be people who do not look upon it as horrible.
Even those people who don't see it as horrible will probably still not like it.

a either a lake that you'd go canoeing or skiing or whatever kind of sailing boating you want to do uh
I like to go to the lake for water activities, but I don't anymore.

In adopting this Report and Order, the Commission amends its rules to require that, either at specific dates in the future or on a phased-in basis, all telephones in workplaces, confined settings (such as hospitals and nursing homes), and hotels and motels be hearing aid compatible; have volume control; and have the letters HAC affixed to them.
In adopting the Report and Order, the commission also is amending rules pertaining to fax machines and copiers. 

Obviously, the picture on the ID card wouldn't match my face anymore, but it'd be enough to get me past the electronic security.
My face had aged but the facial recognition would still work.

The case study method seemed born to help, but the forces of time and cost associated with making multisite evaluations led to considerable adaptation.
The case study's method was weakened by necessary adaptations. 

LSC's internal procedures for clearing mergers and consolidations involve the work of several offices within LSC including the Executive Office, the Office of Inspector General, the Office of Compliance and Enforcement, the Office of Legal Affairs and the Office of Information Management, with the Office of Program Performance having primary responsibility for the clearance process.
The office of Program Performance is currently hiring new workers.

yeah in some cases that it it would work that way in some cases it would work the other way
Sometimes you win, sometimes you lose.

The steps of the tsamako are slow and grand, reinforcing the status of these heroic figures.
The steps go 1,000 feet up.

It was here in 95 a.d. that one resident received divine inspiration in the form of an apocalyptic vision while he sat in his small cave high above the harbor.
The cave is still visited by people wanting divine inspiration.

The tingling is briefly supplanted by internal retching- then equilibrium returns.
I was dry heaving when I thought about it.

Huge crowds would gather for the gory events as they did for the markets and a series of hostelries and pubs set up business to cater to them.
The pubs only served travelers and not locals.

South of Nijar, spectacular cliffs and isolated beaches mark the hard-to-reach natural park of the Cabo de Gata.
The park is home to many rare species of nocturnal owls.

'Okay,' I muttered to White.
White had made the suggestion.

Prepared  Innovative Strategies and Economics Group, Office of Air Quality Planning and Standards, Research Triangle Park, NC December.
Prepared Innovative Strategies and Economics Group consists of over one hundred people.

Individualized Social Security statements also explain that Social Security benefits were not intended to be the only source of retirement income, and the statements encourage workers to supplement their benefits with pensions and personal saving.
Workers save their money for retirement, in addition to receiving Social Security benefits upon retiring from the work force.

What can I do?
"What can I do?" she asked. 

That was more than two centuries ago, and remarkably, it is the last time any economist made a faulty prediction.
Economists are always right nowadays when they make predictions.

Ramose's Tomb is also important.
Ramose was an important figure.

Then crosethe square to the church of the Ognissanti (All Saints Church), 13th-century but with a Baroque facade of 1637.
The church's original facade was destroyed by a fire.

yeah we do eat i i had become for about three or four months i was a vegan which is a person that eats um no animal products no cheeses no eggs and that's even more difficult it's really hard to find the products and it's hard that's even harder to keep yourself from eating because it it adds so much to meals you know when you put cheese on something or
I didn't enjoy being a vegan, seeing as I could no longer eat the food that I used to before.

(The Federal unemployment tax is levied and collected separately from the state unemployment tax.)
Taxes are collected separately 

She found the little bottle from which Mrs. Vandemeyer had poured a few drops.
She found the bottle that Mrs. Vandemeyer kept her poison in.

Participants questioned whether, given the current funding restraints, existing models for generating revenues for the SEC were workable.
The Securities and Exchange Commission used participants in a study.

and uh we did also end up in a in an area that we didn't we didn't realize when we bought it that uh the soil is that uh black clay and it
We didn't realize when we bought the soil that was black clay, but that could be beneficial to the economy.

huh-uh you know we've had a lot of the Jewish uh people
We've had a lot of the Jewish people, I love them.

In addition, GAO may determine that the particular sensitivity of a draft report's information or recommendations requires restrictive comment procedures.
A draft report with extremely sensitive information will only be seen by GAO.

Because the world is watching, it's a town eternally destined to make a spectacle of itself, whether on-screen or in real life.
The world is watching the town because of it's history as a spectacle.

 It made sense.
There was no doubt.

i think they're really going to have to and not and not just for mothers for fathers as well
Without fathers it won't be possible anymore.

 The joint authority shared by the Postal Service and the Postal Rate Commission under the Reorganization Act to adopt new mail classifications is the mechanism for implementing innovations in domestic mail service.
The U.S. Postal Service and Postal Rate Commission believe that new mail classifications will help people have more options to efficiently ship their products or items. 

The professors went home feeling that history had been made.
The professors knew they had made history with their work.

A re-creation of a medieval knights' jousting tournament, it's great fun for families.
A recreation of jousting is a lot of fun to watch while you eat dinner.

You have to learn to throw away broken things, not cherish them.
There is not point in keeping things that are broken.

In carrying out our responsibilities to work with agencies, we have published and periodically updated GAO's PolicyandProceduresManual forGuidanceofFederalAgencies.
We published and updated the GAO's manual, making it 250 pages longer.

that that would be interesting i i must admit i haven't been really enthusiastic about the Democratic entrants in the last couple of run throughs
This year might be different, and I am really interested what will happen.

The New Territories can be explored by taking the Kowloon Canton Railway (KCR), which makes 10 stops between the station in Kowloon and Sheung Shui, the last stop before entering China.
The Kowloon Canton Railway has a high speed railway, one of the fastest in China.

improved use of information returns in IRS' tax enforcement operations yielded $83
There will be further revisions to how the IRS uses return information.

He was utterly helpless, and he could see no hope anywhere.
With no hope, he felt himself sinking into a depressive state.

Developing and Retaining the Membership Base
This membership is for volunteer firefighters.

There are also bus tours around the city to help you get your bearings before you visit special attractions.
THe bus tours take five hours.

City routes are further categorized as business, residential, and mixed (business and residential) routes.
Routes were put into different categories to help people decide what bus to use.

yes well yeah she's not entirely sales so it isn't it isn't as lucrative as one would hope but it it keeps us supported temporarily
Her goal is to be completely in sales by this time next year.

Professors Per Krusell and Anthony Smith point out that Laibson's theory makes some surprising predictions about the way people save.
Professor Per Krusell does not agree with the Laibson theory predictions about how people save. 

it does a few more things uh
There's nothing more important than the flexibility that comes with something that can do more.

Risk management must also consider the interests of key stakeholder groups, such as employees, customers and the communities in which the company operates.
There are a number of stakeholders in the company.

By starting at the soft underbelly, the 16,000 troops of General Nelson A. Miles gained control of the island in less than three weeks.
The battles to take control of the island were crushing victories.

Studio 54 delivered this critical mass almost every night, plus another 1,500 or so people who were simply beautiful or interesting to look at, plus Haden-Guest and me.
All of the people who visited Studio 54 were interesting in some way.

well it's nice talking to you i'll have to start doing this again some more  i i don't know what i've tried it several times with
I love talking to you, we'll have to talk more in the future, I don't know why I've tried it several times with others and not you.

Pursuant to the order, NRCS conducted an economic analysis, as discussed above.
NRCS found that the economy is growing exponentially.

Evidently, it's their little secret.
It's obviously their little secret, says the investigator.

The heat is year-round (average 25C/77F), but so are the trade winds that temper it.
The 100 mph wind gusts lower the temperature.

and we make experts by reading books you know
Reading books is not enough to make people experts in any field.

that's what we we got rid of an American Express card for the same reason is though we have a a credit union and we get our cards our other MasterCards for free so we don't have to pay a a fee at all
We got rid of our American Express card because we couldn't afford the yearly fee.

The thrones on view here date from a visit by George V and Queen Mary in 1927.
The thrones are beautifully apulstered and made of gold. 

Stick as near to the truth as possible it minimizes the danger of 'slips.'  
Lying would make you more prone to making a slip.

but the one thing too that that i have a problem with is that well if marijuana and cocaine and the other those so-called uh illegal drugs you know what about alcohol
I really love cocaine more than marijuana.

The Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development provides a setting in which 30 member countries can discuss, develop, and perfect economic and social policy.
The Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development is invaluable to multi-country cooperation.

We accept the judgment of the court and will comply with it, said Clinton's lawyer.
The court ruled against Clinton.

and then i started school you know and like two nights a week i was going to school and then the other two nights a week my husband worked so i had to pick Ryan up you know there's always an excuse you know to to not do it so
The other three nights a week we spend with Ryan and with each other.

Travel agents in ?ȡnakkale, across the strait, provide guided tours of the peninsula.
The tours of the peninsula are said to be good value for money.

Indeed, the Base Estimate presumes that the larger coefficients represent a more complete accounting of mortality effects, including both the cumulative total of short-term mortality as well as an additional chronic effect.
Smaller coefficients are not considered as they occur very infrequently in reality.

The Express Mail subclass and ECOM were created since 1970.
Express Mail was created before ECOM.

Other benefits, such as a single mobilization, a single construction manager, and sharing of large construction equipment for the two projects exist, but they are not expected to make a significant difference due to the difference in size between the SCR and ACI portions of the combined project.
When combining SCR and ACI into a single project, more than $200,000 can be saved.

GSA officials told us that they do not collect such data.
We approached GSA thinking that they could help us with this data.

drafting not grafting  but drafting course the CAD
The drafting course is very rewarding once you complete it.

The discussion is an introduction to the approaches.
The approaches need to be improved.

Near them were five other horses mounted by four men and one woman.
The five horses had big saddles on them.

The usefulness and appropriateness of using cranes in an FGD installation is dependent on several factors, including the ability to physically place a crane on site or adjacent to the site (e.g.
The ability to physically move a crane had a large influence on the usefulness of the operation.

With a 32-piece orchestra and a cast of over 200 (some parading in impossibly large headdresses), the sheer scale of the spectacle will make your head spin.
The spectacle has over 200 people in the cast because many characters have to be played.

Altea boasts a number of art galleries and an artists' colony well-known in the region.
There are many art galleries in Altea and tourists flock to visit them.

The tourist information centres throughout the region all have a vast amount of information on routes for all abilities, as well as maps and charts to help you plan an outing.
The tourist information center gives out free charts and maps.  

There would be no rescue, of course.
They will be all on their own, naturally.

Horyuji was built by craftsmen imported from Korea, and the temple bears much of their distinctive artistic stamp.
The Korean craftsmen did an excellent job. 

To this end, we develop a model to determine the USO burden for posts with different per capita volumes.
Due to the different variables, however, it's impossible to use the USO burden for posts with different per capita volumes.

and i'm not really sure how i feel about that
I am confused about my feelings on that.

Criteria and standards used to measure the strength of a legal services delivery network are derived from the LSC Act and regulations, LSC Performance Criteria, American Bar Association (ABA) Standards for Programs Providing Civil Pro Bono Legal Services to Persons of Limited Means, and ABA Standards for Providers of Civil Legal Services to the Poor.
There are ABA standards for providers who give legal help to the poor in urban areas.

yeah smaller the the companies it's either the smaller company you you you're in to into the consulting side and they'll you'll finish up a project and you'll get the little bonus that type of thing
The smaller the companies are, the more they focus on consulting and the harder they work.

We synthesized a great deal of literature and research on CIO organizations to provide ideas on effective practices in information technology and management.
This approach produced good results.

However, there are still major gaps in the science of mercury fate, transport, and transformation that make such an assessment difficult at time.
An assessment was made and was highly accurate.

These guidelines, embodied in the LSC Competition Evaluation Guide, cover all aspects of program performance including components of the delivery approach, management, legal work supervision, identifying and establishing the most critical legal needs, coordination within the delivery system, and experience and reputation.
The LSC Evaluation Guide is maintained by a board of governors.

The decline in the won would not immediately raise exports or limit imports.
The won's performance doesn't really affect exports and imports.

At least, that's how it seems as you cross the bridge between the two cities and pass through the Pulchowk and Kupondole sections of the city.
The two sections are quite distinctive and unique from each other.

According to the FFC study, opportunities exist to significantly reduce total project cost (TPC) by conducting an effective design review process.
The FFC is the organization responsible for conducting financial audits.

It was the main entry point into Egypt until the advent of air travel in the early 20th century and its contact with a range of international influences made it the most cosmopolitan city in Egypt.
Cairo is now the most popular entry point to Egypt.

Look here, Annette, I want you to help me get out of this. She shook her head.
Look here, Annette, I cannot get out of this without your help.

It's the only item that couldn't also serve as the title of a late-night, soft-core movie on Cinemax.
They wanted to have something pure.

But he was no primitive.
He was highly civilized.

beats me i mean i know Yankees have won a lot of games through the years
The Yankees are the best team.

Mini-buses dart in and out of the traffic to pick up passengers and there's a frantic rush at peak times as everyone tries to leave the city at once.
Bangkok has some of the worse traffic in the entire world.

Why? he asked.
Why would you go ahead with that plan?

The familiar rock walls that seemed so benign to him in his twelve years of trade along the trail now seemed to grasp at him and crush him.
He was a skilled climber.

More importantly, we thank the LSC Board of Directors for giving us the opportunity to improve a legal services delivery system that is so valuable to our clients, so essential to a democratic way of life, and so very important to all of us.
The LSC board of Directors told us to make sure that we communicated their values when creating the system.

From an enforcement perspective, the SEC has certain civil enforcement powers that it can use to address violations of the nation's securities laws.
The SEC has caught and provided sanctions to 10 companies for violating several laws.

A Nation of Spendthrifts?
The rate of spendthrifts has gone up 25%

you do and you've been pretty faithful about that
You have tired hard.

They have your name--everyone has your secret name here--and parts of you."  The conversation was suddenly less pleasant.
"Every one has parts of you, your secret name and location." The long conversation became more chilling.

Grasmere village is one of the prettiest communities in the Lakes, but also one of the busiest.
Grasmere's claim to fame is their incredibly woodworking craftsmen.

yeah that would be neat yeah sort of like an exchange program uh-huh
The students will appreciate an exchange program.

yeah real scruffy looking
The beard was real scruffy looking.

For example, the contract may require that a computer operate successfully for 30 consecutive days out of a 90-day test period.
Most computers are easily capable of such operation if they are properly maintained.

Improving Environmental Performance at Lower Cost Using Market-Based Mechanisms That Create Incentives for  Using the market-based mechanism of a cap-and-trade program, the Clear Skies Initiative will establish national, federally enforceable emissions limits for each pollutant.
The national emissions limits were set after careful study of the environment.

uh we're primarily in the uh uh systems integrations business
We provide system integration services to thousands of clients.

Lee (as quoted in the Bulletin 's profoundly politically incorrect account) the last 
Political correctness is an important thing to consider.

Inside there was a single-chair barber shop, with a barber who might also have come from some movie-casting office.
The barber rarely got many customers, so he only needed a single chair.

um-hum well i've considered it last year and this year both but i haven't done anything about it so
Maybe I'll think more about it for next year.

oh so you think it was fear that kept Iraq from using it but yet the
 So you think Iraq would not have done it at all?

and i think they should test for alcohol
The alcohol tests would be in everyone's best interests.

'Up!' I yelled, wind stealing away half of my volume.
My vvoice was hoarse so it was kind of soft.

That would do for a little extra cover- it was almost my size.
The tree was as big as I was.

As we said in Rosenberger, [w]hen the government disburses public funds to private entities to convey a governmental message, it may take legitimate and appropriate steps to ensure that its message is neither garbled nor distorted by the grantee.
The government is free to disburse public funds to private entities but has to do so in such a way that respects strict policies.

because i really want to see it i wanted to see it uh about two weeks ago when i had a chance to go see it but i i went home for the weekend and they didn't have it playing home
I wanted to see it two weeks ago but I went home instead and it wasn't playing there so I was disappointed.

um-hum i think i think sometimes that you um you pick you become more aware of what you have
Having awareness of what you have is important to your happiness.

I must say I was surprised the jury didn't bring it in Wilful Murder against him right off. 
The charges brought were less severe than they could have been.

Like the musicians themselves, give yourself up to the hypnotic effect of the notes, rhythms, and melodies, or even the silences.
The silences sometimes are the most beautiful parts of the music piece.

When I came across this paragraph my problem was solved.
My problem was solved when I read this paragraph as well as the next one. 

Tiny bays of soft sand sheltered by cliffs and cooling vegetation provide a completely different experience from the beaches of Montego Bay.
The beaches of Montego Bay are superior to tiny bays of soft sand sheltered by cliffs and cooling vegetation.

The rosebrick old town ' with its many Renaissance mansions built with the proceeds of the dye, textile, and grain trades ' is best seen on foot.
Walking through the old town is an all-day activity.

and so the thing is is that you're wasting so much money to send you know it's like how much money did the US spend when they could have paid so much money for each barrel of oil that was being
The US used to spend a lot of money on oil barrels, but now a lot of oil comes from domestic oil wells.

didn't make me have um to much trouble and
They felt bad for giving them any trouble

The PDFA ignores these subtleties.
The subtleties should be ignored.

And bicycles, once the vigorous instruments of suburban freedom, are rarely spotted in the playground; parents fear for their kids in heavy suburban traffic.
Most parents do not allow their kids to ride their bikes to the park anymore.

R971, prepared estimates of welfare gains under more efficient worksharing discounts.
The estimates are accurate.

On that day, Mrs. Inglethorp's bell wire was neatly cut, and on Monday evening Mademoiselle Cynthia was spending the night with friends, so that Mrs. Inglethorp would have been quite alone in the right wing, completely shut off from help of any kind, and would have died, in all probability, before medical aid could have been summoned. 
Madamoiselle Cynthia was out for dinner with some friends.

Cartmel is a picturesque village, with winding streets and fine houses.
The houses in Cartmel are built in the Tudor style.

However, on Ibiza the farmer-and-fisherman tradition rules out late meals.
No one eats late meals on Ibiza.

In an era of stronger productivity growth, which may just now be showing up in statistics, the speed limit is probably 3% to 3 e% a year.
Productivity has grown due to more efficient management techniques.

The standards also provide for a period of 5 years to transition to reporting expense data for those agencies that currently maintain only outlay data.
Agencies that currently maintain only outlay data are at a disadvantage.

Sinatra then reportedly ripped the phone out of the wall and threw it across the room.
Sinatra had a temper.

She was almost certain it was the same man who had got into the carriage next to them.
She identified the face of the man as he got out of another carriage.

You might just as likely find yourself in the pit instead of watching it from above.
You are more likely to be watching the pit from above.

of luck in your graduate school
I wish you tons of luck in your graduate school next year. 

Lawrence Cavendish was next called. 
Lawrence was called next after his mother.

Museums, art galleries, and boutiques all add to the charm.
The charm is also added to by spas. 

Yet, as the LSC advised the Court, if, during litigation, a judge were to ask an LSC attorney whether there was a constitutional concern, the LSC attorney simply could not answer.
the LSC attorneys were asked about this concern a number of times.

you know on the schedule but then it seems like it might be longer than a week
It might take up to a month.

With the orang laut pirates as allies, Srivijaya controlled the Straits of Melaka (known in colonial times as Malacca), a key link between the Indian Ocean and the South China Sea.
The pirates were anxious about whether or not the alliance with Srivijaya was good.

In Picardy the Flemish influence is unmistakable, and although Alsace may celebrate Bastille Day at least as proudly as any other French province, its cuisine, wines, and dialect all reveal a profoundly Germanic influence.
Picardy and Alsace are very close geographically.

um yeah i think it's a territory
I don't immediately recall, but I think that's a territory.

Then, click Cool Links . You will find yourself ...
Then, click Cool Links. You will find something valuable.

The wife?
The woman he is talking to?

Some of their predecessors Renoir, van Gogh, and Gauguin once lived and worked just north of place du Tertre in rue Cortot, rue de l'Abreuvoir, and rue St-Rustique.
Their predecessors did not live and work in that area for a very long time.

yeah yeah yeah uh i'm a member of an HMO and uh from all indications it's quite similar to the military
I prefer HMO over the military.

COMMENTARY F. Dianne Taylor is executive director of Legal Services of Eastern Missouri.
She has been in the position for 3 years.

The British sent in massive troop reinforcements, but the killing continued, mainly European managers in the tin and rubber industries.
The European managers of industry were killed as they were seen as both outsiders and slave-drivers.

okay we do a few things and i have to say we're my husband and i are both from financial backgrounds i i'm an accountant
We both are familiar with finances. 

As a society we may have to face facts.
Society has a hard time facing facts.  

Is that it, eh?" He was cooling down.
"Is that the reason he's acting like that, eh?" He said.

i mean i don't know it's probably they're always saying the women are doing are the spending ones but i haven't heard one uh a single woman taking their credit card away from the man
I have heard of men taking credit cards away from women.

Instead, as with abortion, the panelists praised the new techniques for solving the old questions.
New techniques are appearing all the time.

a proposal or report when we discuss case study methods.
Study methods varied 

They spoke of a pool that called to them and promised to quench their thirst.
The pool of water also had beautiful shade trees to cool them off.

He let her take her time.
He let her take longer than he expected

at that point because it is internal
It was external before, but not now.

The plan gives states some murky coverage options and rules limiting the program to the currently uninsured.
These limits would save the states a lot of money.

then they were like paraplegics
I think they were paraplegics. 

and uh no no but his wife has a contract with TI and that's how we learned about it um-hum
His wife's contract with TI is good for ten years. 

I will put my question in another form. 
I will ask in a way which you understand.

The baron was also seriously thinking of replacing the triangular Place Dauphine's gracious gabled and arcaded red-brick architecture with neo-Grecian colonnades ' but fortunately was forced out of office before the wreckers could move in.
The baron was sent to prison for defacing national treasures.

Instead of Wanda 's delicious anti-PC nastiness (flattened lapdogs, stuttering jokes) and bawdy high-spiritedness, Fierce piles on sight gags as crass commercialism runs amok in the zoo, says the USA Today's Susan Wloszczyna.
The uglier the joke, the better the comedy.

But I'd wager he's telling Beatty about how the disaffected voters who turned out to elect Ventura might be mobilized in a national campaign.
The voters were more than two thousand.

Quite normal under the circumstances.
What I had expected under these conditions.

Sounds like a place a man would like to see."He was conscious that the Texan's horse quickened pace, only to be reined in again.
The Texan's horse was reigned in because the rider was a beginner, uncomfortable with high speeds.

The USPS determines the amount of current carrier time based on the percentages of time spent in route and load
Carrier time is easy to calculate 

He was probably lucky to have even three friends.
Unfortunately, only three people wanted to be his friends

The cosmetics-and-smoking mania of the '20s resulted in a whole array of gem-studded vanity cases with built-in lipstick, comb, and compartment for cigarettes.
Those vanity cases were really ugly to look at.

and i wasn't there at supper time or bed time or they couldn't tell me what went on at school because they'd be coming in the door i'd be going out
It was difficult not being around a lot and getting to hear what went on at school.

commercials (one for Israeli milk, another for Pepsi) in space, for a fee.
Two 60 second slots for commercials were booked and paid for.

well yeah it's uh it's uh it's uh there's uh there's pluses to everything but yeah it seems like there's just so many things to do down here i like the sports side i play a lot of racquetball
There are tons of activities here that I have yet to try.

With a good bookshop and the excellent Fitzer's cafe you could easily spend a day here.
A restaurant is also offered onsite.

In order to shed some light on this question, three special runs on cross elasticities were done.
These runs proved unsuccessful and all data was thrown out.

A week before Henry died from cancer, he directed his wife, from his bedroom window, on the planting of a new bed of irises.
Henry passed away from an illness, leaving his three children behind.

The Great Stupa, Stupa I, built in the first century b.c. , envelops a smaller mound erected some 200 years earlier.
The Stupa I and its mound were created by the same culture.

Even during the 1950s, the height of American conformism, women consistently ranked advice from mothers, sisters, and friends as more likely to drive their buying decisions than advertising.
Women are most influenced by advice from their moms.

Jeff Rutherford, Trylon Communications  (212) 725-2295 jeffru@tryloncommunications.com
Jeff Rutherford is the director of Trylon Communications and he can be reached at (212) 725-2295 and jeffru@tryloncommunications.com.

true i suppose being on the other side of the aisle it probably made good comic theater
You could hear and see better on the other side of the aisle.

yeah yeah as he grows up he'll be even more and more too
Eventually, he will reach a ceiling and will grow no more.  

The last page lists the products that form the basis for this document.
This document is useful.

Given a reporter's name, a Web-based information broker tracked down his base identifiers--Social Security number, birth date, and address--in five minutes.
A person found classified information in just thirty seconds.

that's that's an interesting point i think a the more i as i've thought about
I think the point you made about voting is important.

Conversely, when a budget surplus occurs, the federal government can use excess funds to reduce the debt held by the public, accumulate cash balances, or acquire nonfederal financial assets.
Budget surpluses are good for the economy.

The principal, during the meeting with the parents, had painted grand visions for the future - in two years he planned to open four more school in the city (one fully configured for gaming exclusively on Korean servers) and a school in every town where the computer user saturation level was above 23 percent..
The principal wanted to spread out their children among four schools.

yeah we have that
Yes, we have that, and will be getting more tomorrow.

Would it not be a terrible shock to her? 
Would she be surprised?

John Lescroart and William Lashner are among Rubin's favorite writers
Rubin has over a hundred favorite writers. 

However, the evidence was strong for a harm reduction effect across various indicators of risk and re-injury.
Most of these injuries were broken bones and sprained tendons.

um-hum and and you can and you still do that
You can paint the walls in here.

So the discovery of the charred fragment in the grate was no surprise to me. 
I wasn't surprised that a burnt piece of cloth was found in the grate. 

Get a move on, George, shouted Julius.
Julius is in charge of George.

Each group represented a time in the history of legal services -- The Past (20 years ago), The Present and The Future (10 years from now).
The first group represents the longest time span in the history of legal services.

According to EPA's analysis, a number of decisions adopted in the final rule (specifically, the adoption of tiers (programs), the reduced requirements for the risk management plan and the development of guidance for offsite consequence analysis) have significantly reduced the burden on small entities.
A number of decisions in the final rule have made the burden on small business shrink by 35%.

The building is close in, across the street from West High and two blocks from the Gateway.
The building across from West High is the Google Headquarters.

He saw himself kill every man, woman, and child in the town.
After he killed the townspeople, he turned on his men and finally, himself. 

Deep lines in his clean-shaven face bracketed his wide mouth.
He looked 20 years older than he actually was.

The instrument is designed to assess the health and vibrancy of each state justice community/state legal services delivery system, establish benchmarks against which further progress can be measured, and begin to gather data to allow comparisons of state justice communities.
After we gather data, recommendations will be made to each state justice system included in our study.

when he was  alone you can tell i'm an animal lover you can hear my dog
I love dogs, cats, parrots, and pigs.

Then Mr. White's voice froze my heart.
I was very afraid of Mr. White.

Brief interventions were specifically designed to target patients who are drinking at hazardous levels but have not become dependent.
Interventions are good at targeting patients who are not yet alcoholics but are hurting themselves.

T he fertile Nile Valley has supported human life for over 8,000 years.
The Nile Valley boasts a much longer record of supporting mammalian life in general. 

Whittington mayn't be in London at all."
Whittington may be in the U.S.

Faster, Pussycats!
Faster, Pussycats, they're catching up!

 'A Man called Chair'.
The man enjoyed his name. 

well they were showing a segment on a man in Philadelphia that's going after the drug dealers he's just a civilian he's a black man and he just got fed up with it
He decided to take things into his own hands.

It's those wicked detectives. 
It's the detectives' fault that the trial ended in a mistrial.

The best example of type-2 worksharing involves, again, presort discounts.
There are only 3 known types of worksharing.

Rooms 14-16 on the second floor display the finest remaining frescoes found throughout the Minoan kingdoms dating from 1600-1400.
The frescoes found in these rooms were painstakingly preserved.

For a second I thought: Oh, shit, I'm gonna get in trouble.
I was worried I'd get in trouble for stealing the pancake.

'Sir, in that case...I want you to tell me all about your life.'
Your life is interesting.

yeah it's a lot more humid down that way
It's a lot more humid in NY than here.

yeah because she might be um apt to go get it a little quicker than
I hope she doesn't want it. 

Somnolent cats and playful kittens abound, and sea ducks and geese can be found at many coastal fishing villages.
There are digs in the coastal fishing villages.

Finos are dry and pale, with a rich bouquet.
Finos cost upwards of fifty dollars for a good quality bottle.

Apparently, they're making the new Monopoly tokens more gay-friendly.
Monopoly token may be getting redesigned.

I wish I could say the same about reading the book.
The book was a bit dull to read.

France, they say, is the victim of savage, unrestrained capitalism--although it has the largest government and the smallest private sector of any large advanced country.
It's impossible to suffer from unrestrained capitalism without a robust private sector.

The dealer took the car back.
The car was taken back by the dealer, because it was being repoed. 

She's a pretty thing, an' she's been a far piece, I'd say.
She's the prettiest horse I've seen.

In recent vampire movies the miracle of flight is well established.
Vampires who can fly are not a novelty anymore because of our familiarity with the idea. 

Sharp spikes lined the pit aiming both in and out.
There were spikes with blood on them.

It told me that Mrs. Inglethorp had been writing the word 'possessed' that afternoon, and, having the fragment of paper found in the grate fresh in my mind, the possibility of a will, (a document almost certain to contain that word), occurred to me at once. 
I was worried that Mrs. Inglethorp had changed her will.

Eden Gardens, with pond and pagoda and the venerable Caletta cricket grounds, are by the river.
The cricket grounds get flooded due to the proximity to the river.

Some of the slaves were able to gain freedom in return for special services rendered.
Some slaves were not freed.

yes so they've been talking about this for a long time do you think they're going to ever vote
maybe they are going to vote soon huh

Supplemental information was obtained through interviews with various public agencies, private sector facility owners, trade and professional organizations, and A/E firms in order to characterize the current state of the art from a broader perspective.
We can characterize the current state of the art based on supplemental information obtained from interviews.

yeah i'm still in college
 Yes I'm still in college and I'll be graduating next year. 

you know until we make a decision to do that there won't be peace but i don't think we want to make that decision either
We don't want to make that decision because we'll be blamed for the results.

And the simple, natural style of Echizen pottery has been popular throughout the country for hundreds of years, as have Echizen's highly regarded lacquerware and hand-crafted knives.
The simplicity of the Echizen craftsmanship is based on the culture of beauty in simplicity.

Mariachi singers and folk dance groups can usually be seen here on weekends.
The festivities held on the weekends attract many tourists and local customers.

Sí, but not a real fight.
It's a pillow fight. 

Not for any provider, no matter how reputable; nor for any claim, no matter how small.
Their method is very in line with a specific, and short, plan. 

This, of course, is in addition to providing retail services to rural communities.
Dozens of technology leadership awards are handed out.

That's th' way you think it's gonna be, Croaker?
Croaker, you must be crazy for thinking it's going to be like that.

He raced off, brandishing the whip.
He was a slavemaster known for his brutal punishments.

'I know, sir.' He gave me the business card.
He's the one who gave me Judge Judy's business card.

That is, basic substances which in combination produce--"  "Of course," Dave interrupted.
"It's obvious," Dave interrupted.

um that yeah it looks good and there were a couple others that i just haven't had the time now see i
I will not have the time to see a couple of them.

I wish we could have spared you the pain and publicity of an inquest, but of course it's quite unavoidable in the absence of a doctor's certificate.
I feel bad that this hurts you, but it is more important to find out what really happened.

Too late.
Too late; we're closed already. 

Beaches come in all sizes, from the tiny cove where you can spend the day alone, to wide sandy bays where you can be sure of the company of hundreds.
Wide sandy beaches tend to have hundreds of people there.

i i count them i i swim a sixteen fifty every day and uh so that's sixty six lengths of the pool
I like to swim early in the mornings so as to have the pool to myself.

It is hard to believe that Las Vegas a city of mythic proportion started out as little more than a dusty railroad stop in the middle of a barren and unforgiving desert valley.
The early settlers of Las Vegas suffered from droughts and a lack of supplies.

Plagued by corruption and incompetence, and drained of manpower and ships by such adventurism as the dispatch of the ill-fated Armada against England in 1588, Spain was unable to defend her expansive interests.
Spain was never able to regain its military prowess.

Sure--in the city.
Sure, you can find pills in the city.

And what shall we do then?
What should we do after what just happened?

This is because the SCR is frequently installed in an elevated position near the boiler and well off of the ground.
It is dangerous to have the SCR installed close to the ground.

of land and sea.
Animals of land and sea.

The man looked tired.
The man had not slept for days. 

She felt, and rightly, that before the strain of attempting further intercourse with Albert, it would be as well to fortify herself with a good supply of local colour.
Intercourse with Albert would be further improved by fortifying herself with some local color.

Divers can explore the deeps but you can also snorkel here, or take a glass-bottom boat or submarine tour to get a glimpse of this watery world.
Diving is the best way to explore the waters. 

His plan was a simple a symmetrical design with straight streets and grand squares.
His plan was to make a simple design of straight streets to make it easier to get around.

The imputed financing is necessary so that the imputed cost does not reduce the employer entity's operating results and net position.
The imputed financing guarantees an increase in the employer entity's operating results and net position.

With regards to reagents and other consumables, it is projected that there is sufficient supply of limestone for additional FGD systems.
The FGD systems require a large amount of limestone.

You have to watch closely as the privatizers describe their schemes.
It is easy to miss details when the privatizer is talking.

We see very little of their lives, and only rarely hear their voices.
They are very mysterious creatures. 

Could be as they had trouble with some other riders an' we was handy an' looked peaceable enough to take easy.
They had trouble with some other riders, because they didn't respect the rules.

with them yeah
With them for many seasons.

yeah yeah sure that's i think we're in probably in the same position
"I believe that we are most likely in the same position, so we should meet up again."

oh we thought we were going to be pretty tight with Christmas this past year
It was difficult to budget around Christmas last year.

In seven days he destroyed both Hindu and Buddhist temples and statues, including Swayambhunath and Pashupatinath.
In seven days he destroyed both Hindu and Buddhist temples and statues because he disliked the artistic style. 

These form the major stops of a Nile cruise and are all visited by tour groups from bases at Luxor or from Aswan to the south.
The tour groups would prefer to only see half of the major stops to save some time.

Three, operating managers in the private sector, based on their extensive experience, are allowed to prepare mental estimates of what costs probably are.
Allowing the usage of mental estimates has cut the process's time in half.

Unfortunately, mine were no less vocal in their objections to being kicked out of our bed at those ages than when they were infants.
They were very vocal as infants.

There was awe and an almost wondering unbelief in her voice.
She was glad that the situation had finally been resolved.

well you can believe that anyway right
You can believe that because it's true.

The flexibility of the trading program has encouraged utilities to capitalize on advantageous trends, such as changing fuel prices and technological innovation that might have been delayed or discouraged by traditional regulatory approaches.
The trading programs have encouraged thousands of utilities.

She would be one of the last people to take her own life. 
She killed herself via hanging.

Jon would not have known Thorn to be so fast for a man his size.
Thorn was faster than everyone else.

Currently, TEAJF manages funds from the Interest on Lawyers' Trust Accounts (IOLTA) Program; Basic Civil Legal Services (BCLS), a court filing fee add-on; and the Crime Victims Civil Legal Services (CVCLS) Program.
The TEAJF manages funds, in the form on monetary assets.

There are no trees and no shrubs, just 15 stark rocks embellished with ancient moss, standing in clusters amid the perfectly rakia white gravel.
Most of the rocks have been smoothed by erosion.

Increasing estimates of software size should alert the auditor that the project's schedule and expected cost may be underestimated.
The auditor must adhere to a well-defined project schedule in order to minimize costs.

Another caution that must be raised with this particular approach is that all LSC-funded programs engage in a wide range of very important activities that do not fall within the definition of case, which would thus not be included in valuing the program's services.
LSC-funded programs provide immeasurable value to the communities they serve.

For nearly 1,000 years the Church of Haghia Sophia was the greatest church in Christendom, an architectural wonder built by the Byzantine Empire to impress the world.
When it was almost 1000 years old, the Church of Hagia Sophia was captured by Muslims.

From the cement jetty here, boats leave early every morning for Les Saintes.
Boats leave at exactly 4:30 every morning for Les Saintes.

to some extent if they would do something with some of those people but that seems to be a good way to get off for a lot of them too
That method will be able to rehabilitate them better into society.

On the walls are portraits of Bonnie Prince Charlie and his brother, Prince Henry.
Charlie and Henry were little boys in extravagant clothing. 

Other kinds of seafood more commonly appear as meze kalamar (squid), ahtapod (octopus), karides (prawns), sardalya (sardines), and midye (mussels).
Squid is rarely consumed.

You 129 don't suppose I came up those steps haphazard and said the first thing that came into my head?" Tommy was pleased with the concluding words of this speech.
Tommy had prepared this speech for quite some time.

The genesis of that position, Albright has insisted, lies in her own life  Her view of the world, she repeats as though it were a mantra, was formed not by Vietnam, but by Munich, by the failure of the great powers to check totalitarian aggression in Central Europe.
Albright argues that Munich and the rise of totalitarianism had a bigger impact on the world than Vietnam.

I think so. But the German spoke with less than his usual confidence.
The German was speaking about the war.

yeah well everybody needs retraining it doesn't hurt uh
Everybody needs retraining, specially you, an athlete

A commotion from one of the gambling dens caught Ca'daan's attention.
Demons in the gambling dens caught Ca'daan's attention.

Then she added reflectively, "I like him, don't you? 
Then she said, 'I am fond of him, are you not?'

Last week Israel also ordered the PA to arrest one of its high-ranking police officers for planning an attack on a Jewish settlement.
The police officer was planning to hurt people. 

No large tribe would bother to navigate the small trail for a week or cross Heaven's Highway and few knew the trails that led through the crags.
The trails went through the craigs for 12 miles.

no joke  i hope you didn't have a big vacuum cleaner
I hope you didn't have a big vacuum cleaner in your car.

of course they play their you know cards right and do some good investments they'll you know they'll do all right but a lot of them don't unfortunately
Some older folks are worried about running out of money, but with some good investments they should be ok.

In addition to the aging population and the increasing cost of modern medical technology, the current Medicare program lacks incentives to control health care consumption.
The aging population would not be okay with attempts at limiting the use of healthcare under Medicare.

just know they're close by
They are within the area, I think.

Simply this. 
Only what I am showing you.

46 The program is fiscally unsustainable in its current form, and growing Medicare spending is expected to drive federal government dissaving over the long run.
The decrease in government saving is a direct consequence of the programs lack of sustainability.

He also serves as a Senior Associate at the Carnegie Endowment for International Peace where he is Director of the Comparative Citizenship Project.
He became the director for the comparative citizenship project by bribing a large amount of people. 

Supporting Oversight of the Internal Revenue Service (IRS): GAO continued to support
GAO and the IRS were then exposed for a fraud scandal.

and well you know the auto budget car payment sucks a hell of a lot of it dry
Thankfully that will end in two years.

Vice President for Programs Randi Youells repeatedly highlighted diversity's essential role in a healthy and effective legal services system in talks she gave throughout the year to program staff, civil justice leaders, and state justice communities.
Randi is an excellent tennis player who considered going pro before attending law school.

The plan not only represents a road map of how GAO will support the Congress in handling issues faced by the country, but it also charts the approach we will use to guide our efforts to strengthen that support and to ensure that GAO has the capacity to serve the Congress effectively in the st century.
Congress takes advantage of gao. 

you know kind of uh rolls that they have here it was a harder crust and some of the hoagies were cooked like the Philadelphia um steak
The harder crust tastes better.

and he moved to Massachusetts and had to get rid of all his guns so we ended up uh with these guns and my really my only experience experience with a gun was shooting a pistol and not knowing how to hold it right
The guns that he gave me were valued at around $400 each.

She had started up. 
She had started up her engine.

Between the river and Dame Street, is the Temple Bar area, which has become famous for its nightlife andstreetlife.
Temple bar has a huge number of bars and nightclubs. 

, lack of historical cost data on land acquired at the birth of the Nation) or not meaningful (e.g.
Historical cost data on land acquired at the birth of the Nation have been missing, so that must be changed.

It concealed a very opposite emotion. 
The emotions were not meant to be shown.

Necklaces of crystal or colored beads are popular for children, the antique glass beads collectibles for adults.
Adults prefer glass bead collectibles because they are usually antiques.

Lavery said the help she got from Legal Aid, and the Social Security benefits it helped her secure, have been invaluable.
Lavery was a mean old girl who was tough as nails.

If it's never decisive, it's not really a factor at all.
It's difficult to measure the influence of something that isn't decisive, or to determine if it's a factor.

right it's too big a risk yeah
It's much too big of a risk so you shouldn't do that.

you mean that you put on a truck or what
You mean that you put on a truck to match the car?

Do I tell it jus' like it happened, you'll think I'm callin' up mountains outta prairie-dog hills, it's that crazy.
I told my whole family exactly how it happened and they didn't believe me.

See the box on page 80 for details of the current hot-spots.
You can find the location of the places on the map in page 81.

During Bowsher's tenure, GAO first began doing general management reviews, which looked at broad organizational and management issues at government agencies.
During Bowsher's brief tenure at the GAO, general management reviews were implemented to look more closely at government agencies.

In fact, it's genetics and your peers that make you who you  How your parents raise you matters little.
Positive peers will create a more positive you.

Word-forming, which caused the most battles between the two scientific talents, was to be calmly discussed during a three-month-long follow-up meeting on the Tralmar Sea coast sponsored by the leading mobile phone companies of both countries.
They were having a meeting on the Tralmar Sea to talk about their invention.

And as I've said before, and shall doubtless say again, little Tuppence can look after herself, thank you!" And with a short, sharp nod of her head she walked briskly onward.
Tuppence tripped and fell after walking away. 

To this end, OPP has built systems for determining the effectiveness of our strategic initiatives.
OPP specializes in building and applying different systems for different functions.

So as I said, the story of the baby-sitting co-op helps me remain hopeful in times of depression.
I am hoping to join the co-op and trade baby-sitting services.

His too-early departure, therefore, is especially tragic to me because our relationship can now never be healed.
He left early so we would not have a chance to heal our relationship.

Panic replaced his feeling of relief.
As the storm backtracked, he panicked.

It is this package that allows a manufacturer to build the product in the manufacturing facility.
The manufacturing plant was small but the product was large. 

Usually, the causes are an addictive or mental disorder.
The cause is slightly more likely to be due to addiction than a mental disorder.

It really is too bad! 
I wish something could be done. 

Both took steps to ensure that manufacturing processes were capable of producing an affordable product by the time the programs made production decisions.
Production decisions are made in the design stage.

In its heyday Port Antonio was the undisputed  banana capital of the world,  with an additional  the banana boats brought the first tourists to Jamaica.
Port Antonio used to be the banana capital of the world, now it's difficult to find bananas there.

Each year in an important ceremony, the emperor plants rice in a symbolic field, reinforcing his role as the hereditary link between the Japanese people and their Shinto gods.
Faithful people have a tradition in Japan by planting rice in certain places.

Cash may include exchange revenue that is recognized by the transferring entity in determining its net cost of operations but is required to be transferred to the General Fund or another entity; other capitalized assets may include general property, plant, and equipment.
There are a number of different ways cash is identified.

The museum also has an interesting gift shop featuring toys of all types.
The gift shop at the museum sells stuffed animals.

but uh i'm going to be starting working full time this summer so maybe maybe my restaurants will change
I need to make more money. 

Adrin lowered his head.
Adrin lowered his head to the queen.

You can also explore the various tastes of this complex drink, comparing over 100 single malts.
The single malt whiskeys outnumber the blended varieties.

Screaming headlines in every paper in the country ”damn all journalists, I say! 
The stories were filled with speculation by people who really knew nothing at all.

It's the animal house!
The animal house had monkeys and ducks in.

He had no cutlery, but his hands served well enough.
He was well versed in how to eat with his hands. 

and the problem is that ideally you they you know the world would like you to be completely indifferent so um but i i i understand what you say about the environmental movement um it's it's been a long time coming um being a uh a very old hippie
The environmental movement would not have gotten where it is without the help of the younger generation

asks Keats at the end of Ode to a Nightingale.
Keat's ending to Ode to a Nightingale was moving.

but she seems to me to be you know pretty quick and smart and she's already reading and writing and stuff like that and she just turned five last month
She is the smartest one in the preschool.

Horse races are held every Sunday, all the year round, at the tracks (Hipodrom) at Son Pardo near Palma, and near Mahon and Ciutadella.
Horse races are also run on Fridays. 

it i think it is too And i and i think things like eggs and cheese anything like that i think it just depends on who you are
Different people will react differently. 

Some people still suggest that Madeira is part of the lost continent of Atlantis, and though it has become easier and easier to get there, the island still seems otherworldly.
The citizens struggle to keep the island unaffected by human actions, keeping the otherworldly aspect.

So this ordinary woman--one like about 50 million others in America--has this great value to this man she is going to the theater with.
This woman is very valuable to a man and he's going to take her to the theater to show her how much she means to him.

The final rule was issued pursuant to the authority of sections 708(e)(1) and (3) of the Personal Responsibility and Work Opportunity Reconciliation Act of 1996, Pub.
The final rule was issued pursuant to the welfare act from 1996.

Directing national policy until his death in 1642, Richelieu reasserted the authority of his king against both the conservative Catholics who surrounded the queen mother and the Protestant forces that were fiercely defending the privileges granted them by the Edict of Nantes.
Protestant forces were severely put out by Richelieu's efforts.

true that that's that's what just amazes me though is that that so many people do uh take the campaign promises seriously
Campaign promises are very well crafted to gain a following.

Ten years later, on its 1,000th anniversary, it was rebuilt using much of the original brick and rescuing one of its five historic bells that is still used com'era, dov'era ( as it was, where it was ).
The castle was entirely rebuilt for its 1,000th anniversary.

right yeah well if if you turn down the counseling they they will fire you
They are willing to pay for the counseling.

The highest division is the makuuchi, of which the champions are known as yokozuna.
The wrestler Yokozuna took his name from makuuchi.  

yeah probably so cause and i'm out of out of good ideas for a hobby anyway so well it was good talking to you
I don't do much in my spare time. 

and i remember when she was at you know at that age and and how she was and that that's exactly of course there was only one of her it wasn't twins
I remember when she was two years old.

Such observation is part of the richness, immediacy, and thick description of a case study.
Without proper observation there can be no quality case study.

There is good hiking away from the busy towns, but it is a long hard drive from the French side.
There are some good spots for observing nature there.

This organization was the precursor to the National Trust, which was founded in 1895 to  hold places of national interest and natural beauty for the benefit of the nation.  
There were no means of figuring out if the National trust would last.

um i have some some rock and some jazz and couple of maybe one or two country and western some uh oh i can't believe i can't think of his name um Garth Brooks i have a couple of his tapes
I try to expand my music genres through buying tapes. 

Holy mass is said daily in the Coptic language but an English-speaking priest is available to give you a comprehensive guided tour.
Guided tours are popular with English visitors.

The weight of the Times is such that unfairness anywhere in the paper casts a shadow over legitimate stories that appear elsewhere.
The Times abuses its power. 

 A'deem's eyes widened.
A'deem was afraid. 

The old armory is now the Michelangelo Hall (Sala Michelangelo) greeting you with a dour bust of the master by Daniele da Volterra.
There is a bust of Daniele da Volterra to the left of the main doors of the Michelangelo Hall.

'I think I might need to know some history.'
I need to learn about what happened before this.

With its wealth of pretty cottages, Askham is a true farming community.
Askham is a beautiful farming community to drive through.

But Rubin's cautiousness has got the better of him.
Rubin hadn't planned ahead enough.

His hand moved around while he swung his hips and grimaced.
He grimaced as he swung his hips and moved his hand while dancing in the bar

When you see it, you'll understand why Gustavia's rectangular harbor is a favorite with the Caribbean yachting set.
Gustavia's harbor is a favorite with the American yachting set.

However, when all 25 parts are assembled into the final product, the probability that the final product will be defect free is only 32 percent.
The product is a battery powered electric hairdryer.

Jon swung, stabbed, riposted, and kicked.
He took down each of his enemies with his swift moves.

He has been a most famous detective."
Sherlock Holmes is a famous detective.

It concluded, Civil liberties, once eroded, are not easily regained.
It is not easy to regain your civil liberties if you have lost them , especially if you are a convicted criminal that has lost your civil liberties for an awful crime.

Great believer in publishing 2.0 and e-books for mobile devices (mo-books).
E-books are the next great invention.

'We can let him rest a bit, now that we have an understanding of the process.
He can undersatnd how people made that decision.

Why waste money when you have a male relative in the rag trade?
Members of the rag trade routinely offer discounts to family members.

Many people, like them, have never come across it but have heard about it, so it must be there somewhere.
The archeological evidence must be there somewhere even if few have come across it. 

 "My own.
It's his own belongings.

The drug warriors seek more drug-free zones.
Drug warriors want more drug-free zones to protect their children and loved ones.

Quick, what is your vision?
What do you envision for your future?

The movie is a passable entertainment--call it The Half Monty . It has standard issue (but funny) farcical sight gags and a score of panpipes to provide the requisite undercurrent of Celtic melancholy.
Half of the movie was funny, it was a Half Monty.

When Yates became chairman of the House Appropriations Committee's subcommittee on the Interior, the national endowment budgets fell under his jurisdiction.
Yates was the chairman of the committee for twelve years

We stopped again in Louisian, under the Oil Fields.
We had many stops and one of them was the oil fields.

Postal Service would experience under a domestic postage-based system, as expected (  table 1, Column 3, Line 7).
A domestic postage based system is better than a foreign one.

right and they'll just pick crooked people again and then people the the wrong people will just fight their way up to the top again and it'll all be for nothing
they will pick crooked people regardless of what we do.

By the end of the 15th century England held only a small area around Dublin, walled off from the Norman inner city and known as the Pale, with the Irish themselves outside.
England only had a 2 square mile area around Dublin in the 15th century

um i think sometimes it's good for people outside they get a different perspective uh perspective on an issue and stuff so yeah i don't see any problem with outsiders going in and getting a little bit involved i think though that it should still be uh sort of up to the majority in the area i don't know on something like that they wouldn't really vote on it or anything though
I feel it is good to get outside a bit to see more of the world.

What Tuppence had expected she hardly knew, but the sight of its red brick stolidity slightly assuaged the growing and entirely unreasonable uneasiness that possessed her.
The red bricks looked so horrific and menacing that it was enough to send shivers down Tuppence's spine. 

Some of the recent development is rather unattractive, but there are a number of excellent resort hotels providing just about everything you could want for a beach vacation.
You could also stay at a condo. 

If he could make a reservation, so could she.
If he could make a reservations today so can she. 

 As he ripped his shirt back to look, the wound was closed already.
The wound healed quicker than should be possible. 

Zhukov rallied the indomitable men and women of that mighty force to stop the German army outside the gates of Moscow and left them to die by the thousands in the snow.
Zhukov left men and women to die in the snow because he was ruthless.

Duty free in Singapore,' Czarek boasted, and everybody stared in awe, and even Herman was impressed.
Everyone was excited until they realised duty free in Singapore is very expensive.

But neither shall they delay its breaking.
The breaking will happen.

Singer argues that all sentient creatures are equally valuable and that you should donate your income until you're as impoverished as a Bengali refugee, but he lives in comfort.
Singer says people should give away 99% of their income.

Instead, she taped 20 hours' worth and offered them up gratuitously, to get the ball, which wasn't moving much, rolling.
The tapes were used for her career.

The verdict?
A guilty verdict.

If we're ever going to get hold of her at all, we must do it before the 159 29th her life won't be worth an hour's purchase afterwards.
Her mother will never forgive us for this if we don't.

Candidates have accused opponents of carpetbagging in other high-profile Senate  Frank Lautenberg vs.
Frank Latenberg was guilty of carpetbagging.

Participants also discussed the idea of exploring different levels or layers of reporting while still having full disclosure.
Participants wanted to be innovative in reporting methods 

Within a few days, i-Sportsbook refunds my credit card deposit, as promised, and a week later I get a check for my winnings.
I will never do business with i-Sportsbook again. 

i used to go with my brother we just lived up there
They would go shoot guns together.

Thank you very much." With a nervous giggle, Annie took herself creakingly out of the room. 
Annie has never been more nervous.

and there's a new dollar theater that's real nice and so uh
I have been to the new dollar theater a few times now.

They dueled with rapiers and daggers, learning to accept a disarm for the gun.
They were better with rapiers and daggers than they had been with guns.

He knows everything and his vengeance is swift.
His vengeance usually takes the form of practical jokes.

If they don't, the government may chose to act again in order to fill any related voids.
The voids aren't necessary 

Another popular sight are the Brindavan Gardens, in Mughal style, some 19 km (12 miles) north of Mysore, worth visiting at night when the fountains are flood-lit.
The Brindavan Gardens are a well kept secret from most tourists.

he said genially, when I'd finished.
He responded pleasantly after I finished, expecting me to be happy.

He feels guilty about the death of his wife, Susan had replied when Jon mentioned it to her.
Susan said the man's wife had been murdered.

1 The Clear Skies Act would cut sulfur dioxide (SO2) emissions by 73 percent, from current emissions of 11 million tons to caps of 4.5 million tons in 2010 and 3 million tons in 2018.
The Clear Skies Act would stop Global Warming.

 Technology and Pro Se initiative grants to be awarded by LSC.
Technology and Pro Se grants are awarded every month.

so yeah it's going to be uh let's see next year i guess it will be an antique
I believe it will finally be an antique this time next year.

Thus, the 1996 revision simply brought together in one place the pre-existing provisions regarding representation of aliens, and applied these restrictions to all funds of an LSC recipient.
The 1996 revision was the result of careful research and planning.

Belz, an indoor mall, offers 145 stores ranging from clothing to electronics.
Belz has a lot of stores that focus on high-end items.

uh-huh oh it's good and it's healthy too
It will make you lose weight.

it's eating me alive because i i might be almost fifty but i'm single and i don't think and this company's that just because and i own my own home and i have a garage  and because i'm single there's companies that won't take me no matter how old you are
My age should be more relevant.

As a result, the ratio of the number of payments made by mail to the number of bills received in the mail has dropped from 62.
The ratio has been cut in half, from 62 down to 31. 

The main square in Monte pleasantly evokes yesteryear.
The square has numerous vendors selling antique pogs.

and i'm not going to bring them back down to you know ninety nine cents why because people are willing to pay a dollar fifty a gallon
I want to make a lot of money so I am not going to lower the price. 

Pride of place at the site is taken by the Step Pyramid built by architect Imhotep for his ruler King Djoser c2670 b.c.
Imhotep's pyramid is the highest step pyramid in the world.

The brothers are remembered today as the true founders of both the state and the city Bienville later served as the first governor of Louisiana.
Others claimed to be the true founders of the state and city.

so it it just doesn't hold water and you look at some of the other countries that that have the death penalty
In other countries, they handle the death penalty much more justly.

Bayonne is a good town to visit on foot, with a pedestrian shopping area around the 13th-century cathedral, many parks, ramparts, and the quays along the two rivers.
You can also bike in Bayonne. 

Modern and efficient, the capital of Karnataka is a convenient gateway to the western half of the peninsula.
The capital of Karnataka has never changed its name.

The ordinary tourist will find it difficult to obtain precise details about this magic, which is known as obeah around the West Indies.
The ordinary tourist finds it hard to navigate the area because of the language.

It was also the product of a coherent strategy for creating a more flexible, lower-cost workforce, a strategy that only worked because Cat was willing to endure a long strike and reduced profits (at least $100 million in 1991-1992) in order to get what it wanted.
Cat wanted all of their workers to work for minimum wage.

Orientalism and its even more ambitious sequel Culture and Imperialism are works of passionate, almost agonized ambivalence.
Orientalism was followed by Culture after a period of about 50 years. 

and uh and i'm i'm at the point where i've got three young children i really don't want to have to have problems with uh you know my heart or anything like that
My three young children would have a harsh life if I had a bad heart.

reports that black athletes are shunning white agents for black ones.
Black agents do a better job for black athletes. 

From higher up the staircase there was a flash, and a bullet grazed Tommy's ear.
Tommy was shot at and now he only has one ear.

so we took the wiring harness out and the engine and the transmission and everything else and we put it into the the the shell that was burned we had the shell all sandblasted and painted and he he pretty much built me a car so
After sandblasting and painting, I pretty much had a new car.

just curious because i have a son that's a senior this year and he's heading off with any kind of luck but there has been i've had a couple of ads for a for for to provide a card for a college student uh what do you think about the idea of providing one for somebody like that
I'm thinking about getting a card for my son, who is going to be a college student next year.

The sculpture shows a dynamic Shiva killing demons and playing dice in the Himalayas, a group of boys playing with the sacred bull, and mother goddesses with children.
Shiva was the patron deity of gambling in the Himalayas.

There Kramenin was to ask for the two girls.
Kramenin asked for the 2 girls by name

it's bad i do watch the special shows that they come out with the the Nova stuff and and the nature shows
I watch the shows about elephants and like it.

So, I had no idea of what action the Governors might take.
The government could take either action. 

Hollywood pundits contrasted Stewart (the idealistic gentleman) with Mitchum (the hard-living rogue) and juxtaposed both of them--the last of the giants of Hollywood's golden era, said the Los Angeles Times-- with today's mediocre movie stars.
Today's movie stars are mediocre.

Furthermore, the President has not claimed executive privilege in connection with our request.
They want to make it clear there was no executive privileged claimed by the President.

Specifically, the Postal Service establishes the zones and the ZIP Codes, guards privacy, forwards mail, and protects against crime.
The Postal Service assigned new zip codes this year.

There will be enough for everybody!
everybody is only five people

yeah the governor was you know the governor he did this
The governor admitted that he did this.

A walk around the 2 1.2 km (1 1.2 miles) of wall is irregular but evocative.
The walk around the wall was uninteresting.

i hope he got busted
I hope the police are considering arresting him

Thus it came about that, three days later, I descended from the train at Styles St. Mary, an absurd little station, with no apparent reason for existence, perched up in the midst of green fields and country lanes. 
The station was not much to look at.  

i know several people at work who've been called on juries and they absolutely hate it
The people I know that have been on jury duty hated it because it was draining. 

Storage tanks, nozzles, and piping for the reagent storage and delivery system are also common and therefore widely available.
Nozzles tend to be more common than storage tanks.

The main reason I only bought one or two was I knew that after playing them I would generally be stuck with them.
Most people only buy one or two of them because they will likely be stuck with them.

and uh it's real uh going real well i think it's matter just a matter of fund the funds right now as i understand it
I am always thinking about the money.

For fine sand beaches, you will find some of the best are Koukanaries on Skiathos, Golden on Paros, and Paradise on Mykonos.
Golden beach, Koukanaries beach and Paradise beach are all located close to each other. 

oh really i'll tell her  we're sure not staying with the PC subject subject too well are we  well how how how much memory you got have you got on your machine
I know which computer you need because of these factors.

For his part, Mr. Gray answered, No, I haven't noticed that.
Mr. Gray lied about not having noticed it.

The second class would include those planets formed so near the stellar center that the high temperature would make it impossible to capture much hydrogen.
There are many different groups of planets.

Various nightmare scenarios describe how the conflict in Kosovo might escalate . One has Albania, which has said it won't tolerate further attacks on its people in Kosovo, entering a bloody war with the Serbs.
Various nightmare scenarios describe that dreams aren't as fun

The high-minded  The two cases underscore an epidemic of binge drinking in frats and colleges in general.
The two cases are examples of binge drinking on college campuses  increasing more and more.

Its secret is deadpan parodies of news stories ( Drug Use Down Among Uncool Kids).
The secret is funny satire news stories about current events.

That would be good, but how is it to be done?
I want to be an astronaut but how will I pay for school?

And for MLS to make itself a top-class league, it needs to spend tens of millions of dollars to steal European players and protect its own stars.
The MLS has no good players because they're all in Europe.

Afterwards, we'll set to work to rescue Miss Tuppence from bondage.
We need to do this first in order to find her location.

They are much more effectively motivated by misfortune.
They recently suffered from misfortune.

Dole sounds absurd when he alleges that the paper that broke Whitewater and the story of the first lady's commodities trades has not been aggressive in pursuing Clinton scandals.
Dole is speaking to a certain, unnamed audience when he makes his accusations.

He'll want to know how much YOU know, and where you got your information from, and a lot 24 of other things that you can't cope with.
How much you know and your sources will be of great interest to him and he won't stop until he finds out.

2. Review the documentation related to theacquisition and determine if the senior managers identified in the acquisition 
By understanding the various factors contained in the acquisition documents we can find out more about the senior managers involved.

Re Scott Shuger's idiotic statement on black colleges.
Shuger can't stop commenting on black colleges.

Receipt of the invoice or bill from the supplier or vendor represents a claim against the government for the items sent or delivered per the government's purchase order.
The purchase orders are often wrong due to bad accounting.

I didn't hire you, so you could sleep here on the sofa for twenty thousand.'
He didn't hire you to sleep on the sofa at noon.

As he rode on, a river of blood flowed and the man slumped in the saddle.
The man had been injured.

well not necessarily but there's probably something else that might make you because you could know about you could know about the crime but not necessarily be taken off the jury you know not be accepted for jury the jury
You do know something about the crime.

which is not a bad deal one of the secretaries we have down here is paying twelve percent through GMAC or something
Twelve percent is a really good rate.

Validity involves measurement and also design.
The two combined creates a comprehensive picture.

Mr. Bookstaver was himself caught up in the middle of that big story, walking along West Street on the way to his office.
The story was a big deal.

America rescued him from minor cult status and gave him to the world (at a not-insignificant profit).
America saved him from a cult.

and they're asking like for a um GPA of like three point seven or something like that and like they're looking like for uh GRE like ninety nine percentile and this and that and it's like
To apply you have to have a 3.7 GPA and a 99th percentile GRE.

Therefore, the cost of the candidate mail becomes 16.
The cost of the candidate mail becomes too high.

Simova doesn't strongly identify as a Jew, but has never been under any misapprehension about her ethnic identity.
Simova knows she is a Jew though she would rather identify otherwise to avoid any sort of negative judgment. 

and i can imagine if i had to mow the lawn in the back which we said we'd do if the trees hang down so low and the locus trees have like three quarters of an inch thorns on it so
Mowing lawns has become a symbol of the American dream.

so we decided when the cable came through that we would get on it just so we could see what we were watching if we watched anything at all
When the cable came through, we decided we could see what we were watching but forgot to do it.

South Indian song is both joyful and sad.
Most songs from South India can be joyful and sad.

clothes you know
Shirts and jeans, you know.

oh that sounds neat how about like big salad bowls those kind of things
that sounds interesting, like bowls and things.

Equity options, just like commodity and currency futures, can and often do serve a hedging function.
At times, though rare equity options act the opposite of commodity and currency futures. 

Ask the camel driver to direct you to the still uncharted village of Kuldhara uncharted because it was one of 84 villages abandoned over 160 years ago by the clan of Paliwal Brahmins, who, after living there for centuries, left suddenly during the night, rather than having to face paying the new, arbitrary land-tax.
The camel driver will rent a camel to you for a couple of days.

Cigarettes stimulate thought, distract from woe, and require playing with matches.
Cigarettes distract from woe, but only temporarily.

and so with you know with the IBM what would happen is uh since the software that i had was it was basically you know you only see part of the page
I wish we had used something other than the IBM.

'Pfft, religion...'
Religion is overrated. 

A fountain of blood sprayed up into the night.
The cattle were slaughtered at night so the neighbors did not see the blood spraying. 

and i didn't think that's you don't do that
Don't be someone you're not. 

Players bet on the numbers that will come up, and on whether the result will be big or small. 
The odds of players winning was minuscule.

The point is not that the question is unfair.
The point is that the question is leading the witness.  

um-hum treatment before for dismissal type thing
Treatment before dismissal of the patient is important.

yeah that was a bad a bad place to be especially right there on the water at night especially if it i mean if it were summer you're all right because it probably wasn't too cold but uh probably the worst one that ever happened to me was in when i lived in South Dakota
The worst times are always in the winter.

I wore baggy clothes and coats closer to cloaks.
I wore lots of long coats.

I will not describe to you the special apparatus, dusting powder, etc., which I used. 
They're top secret and classified projects by the government.

There are several reasons why such a relationship might be difficult.
The main reason such a relationship can be difficult is due to conflicts of interest.

His blond hair was short and neat.
He had hair as blonde as corn silk.

Both the politically left and the right wanted Italy to join the European race for colonies their eyes fixed on Ethiopia and Libya.
Ethiopia and Libya weren't contested by other European nations besides Italy.

The New York Times list is the industry standard.
There are no other publications that are more credible than the NYT.

It's a fantasy about high school as a kind rather than a cruel place.
Everyone knows high school is the cruelest place.

"Hunt!" Drew was forced to halt as Johnny Shannon stood straight ahead of him in the stable entrance.
Johnny Shannon was prepared to stop Drew or be run over in the process.

so that's real helpful so you don't  you know have to do it  during office hours run out on your lunch hour i don't know how many times i've done that to do something post office or the bank or any uh kind of errand
Having to run out and do errands at lunch is necessary, but maybe it would have to be if you had a weekday off instead.

I had no quarrel with my dear wife. 
We were in a loving relationship.

For another aspect of Leonardo da Vinci's talents, visit the Science Museum (Museo della Scienza e della Tecnica) housed in a former Benedictine monastery on the nearby Via San Vittore.
The Museo della Scienza e della Tecnica is located in Italy.

Contrary to press reports, it's possible that someone entered the house from outside.
The marks around the back of the house mark to an individual being there.

The piece includes a handy quiz for couples who want to diagnose their viability.
The piece includes a five minute quiz.

Don't be put off by the less-than-salubrious location.
The location isn't great, as there is a lot of crime.

But it's all O.K.
But it's all ok until something bad happens again. 

and how how's you all's weather up there you cold
I prefer warm weather. 

Although highly unlikely, it's possible, we suppose, that all these distinguished publications repeatedly misheard the same individual in the same way, although he has no speech impediment that we know of.
The publications doubted that they misheard him repeatedly. 

Only this heart core was still alive in the dusk.
The heart core will die before midnight.

okay the topic said to discuss the weather what is it like where you are and how's that different from normal and
The topic said to discuss whether we know about global warming.

In this the Christmas season, when tasty sweaters and snuggly cheeses are on everyone's gift list, it's traditional to reflect on where it all began.
Way too many people don't understand the meaning of Christmas.

Click on the British flag for an English version of the site.
There is a French and Portuguese version of the site also. 

A rickety flight of steps links with the tomb entrance before you make your way down inside to the ornate burial chamber.
The burial chamber contains the mummies of around 50 people.

so even though even though you don't think it's a deterrent which i have a tendency to agree agree i mean it's a deterrent it's it's the ones like carefully thinking it out and stuff they think about it but a lot of the street crime that goes on and stuff they don't really care and they don't really care what happens to them i can see where it's not a deterrent
They really do not care what they do on the streets.

The French painter's first major American show in 43 years occasions critical revision.
The painter's show took so long because he had not been able to paint. 

Today, it's important to have access to timely and reliable financial and non-financial performance information.
Reliability is more important than timeliness.

The black orb of the demon moon crested below.
The moon is dark because it is poisoned. 

The Kal sat back and covered himself behind his fallen horse.
Kal covered himself with his fallen horse to hid from the demons.

In addition to the above, there are a number of newer kinds of services that grantees reported as matters in 2001.
There are a number of newer services that grantees reported to the EPA as being violations.

And it really makes you hungry.
It makes you want to eat 10,000 calories.

The shift in language may have been based on this.
The language changed.

okay and that takes like you know five seconds for the whole play
Five seconds is a short time for the whole play.

Anyway, all this tomfoolery is a great waste of time, continued the lady, glancing up and down the jury disparagingly. 
The female prosecutor thought the matter was a waste of time.

Skeletons of such extinct creatures as the saber-toothed cat, imperial mammoth, and giant ground sloth have been reconstructed from the fossils.
The saber-toothed cat evolved into a large predator, because its prey was also large. 

He'd have liked to know such a man before death and revivification had ruined him.
He wished he could have known such a man existed before he died.

With several miles of sandy beach, Long Beach is an excellent watersports center .
Long Beach has places where you can rent watercraft.

She works from a formidable personal and intellectual commitment that we can and should do better to make the justice system accessible to all.
There are other ways to make the justice system accessible to all.

She died in childbirth and Shahjahan built her the most famous memorial a man ever offered to the woman he  the Taj Mahal.
The Taj Mahal is a symbol of love.

The rest of the world again worried about a nuclear confrontation between the two countries.
The world worried that the two countries would once again exchange nuclear blows.

The center of Italy is the cradle of Latin civilization, one-time administrative headquarters of that ancient conglomerate known as the Roman Empire.
The Romans are deeply rooted in Latin Culture. 

or try or  try to make a living
Attempt to make a living with 10% of income going to interests and free time

But first he has to get the Democratic nomination, a race he has clearly decided he can't win in that lane.
He needs a million votes to get a democratic nomination.

Usually, my tardiness wasn't a problem.
I was always late and had never been in trouble for it.

This, in turn, would inspire Greece to intervene to restore order and protect the Greek minority in Macedonia.
There is a Greek minority in Albania.

Them soldiers.... Fowler appeared, the bar-side shotgun across his arm "they jumped th' boys.
They jumped the boy and beat them up good!

right there was a lot of uh controversy about that too i'm not a i'm not a smoker myself
There was a lot of discussion regarding that and I used to be a smoker.

Remember to return it after the trip, they will be counted, Denise, or maybe Dennis, warned him.
After the trip all the money will be counted.

oh that's right Coach yes that's another one that i try not to miss although it use to be better i don't know it seems well
I will not miss another one.

Porto Santo's prize is a long, golden beach, only recently touched by development.
Porto Santo's long, golden beach has long been a favorite swimming spot for the locals.

These tendencies had not yet reached a critical level and the firm had not experienced a major public accountability failure when I left to return to public service as Comptroller General of the United States in 1998.
The firm experienced other major accountability failures before and after 1998.

Capital combines with labor and total factor productivity to determine GDP in the next period, and the process continues.
Capital is the labor and factor productivity

(And already, Huntington worries, the West is suffering decline and decay.
Huntington promises to make the West the best part of the country.

According to federal regulations, beginning 45 days before a primary, any radio station that carries a prepared audio message from a presidential candidate is required to give equal time to any other candidate who requests it.
Most candidates do not request equal time on the same stations as their competitors.

The Human Genome Project, in fact, was built using the infrastructure of the nuclear-weapons program, taking over unused labs at Los Alamos, Berkeley, and Livermore.
The Human Genome project has the same number of staff in each lab.

Despite repeated attempts, we have been unable to resolve this dispute.
We have looked at it from many angles, but can not come to an agreement.

Consider, for example, someone who owns shares of IBM at $100 and has a $20 paper profit on the stock.
It is common for someone who owns $100 of IBM shares to have a $20 paper profit on the stock.

Otherwise, she would have taken the latchkey."
She didn't know she needed the latchkey.

The American Government is, by contrast, thought to be very disappointed by the development.
The news of this was rather disappointing to the US government.

well that's what it takes to uh because uh
Well that is how much work should be put in.

Not by nature, perhaps, doc.
This was not natural, it was forced, doctor.

dirt and noise
dirt, noise, and balloons on the dirt 

The growth in congressionally based work, combined with the expansion of government programs, was responsible for a significant change in the makeup of GAO's employees.
The government are expanding their programs to help more people.

i hear horror horror stories from friends of mine that they could never see their instructors they could never get extra help
The professors would leave right after class and had really short office hours.

All that lead to a confrontation regarding the Himko-Rybson theory, a confrontation that Doctor Edward did not survive, even though neither Himko, nor Rybson thought that Ms. Ceracz fancied them, because they were both long dead.
himko thought Ms Ceracz really disliked them.

Motivation-Over the past decade there has been an dramatic increase in 1) Available modes of interpersonal communication and the range in quality of these modes of communication in terms speed, reliability, and flexibility 2) Reductions in the price of these modes of communication-long-distance telephone service, FAX machines, on-line information services CompuServe and America Online (zero price for incremental messages)
Long distance services have fallen over time and will continue to do so.

no i don't want to get that cold now
That cold is highly contagious so I don't want it.

It's an ideal way for the visitor to reach outlying sights and villages.
There are no other way except that for visitors to reach outlying sights.

These things also hurt her.
She was hurt by the mean things people said to her.

So Klein, of all people, should appreciate the stricter kinds of pleasures.
So of all people, Klein a devoted masochist should appreciate stricter sorts of pleasures.

In cases like this, it's the economist's job to explain where we ought to be headed, and the political scientist's job to explain why we can't get there from here.
Economists are the smartest social scientists.

A combined ticket covers all the sights in the palaces, gardens, and museums.
Inside the museums there are exclusive areas only for those with a combined ticket.

Around him stood the remainder of the Sticks.
There were only three Sticks that stood around him.

We have no authority to rewrite [the] statute and give it an effect altogether different from what Congress agreed to.
The changes must be voted on by congress.

so i don't know if he's going to be in shape to
I know he is trying his best to get back in shape.

Paul shrinks from this view.
Paul is too far.

And now the big boys want to cash in.
There is 5 million to cash in.

It has always been true that such risks could in principle be hedged away through 
They wanted to break the rules just a tad bit.

I've lived in the world rather longer than you have. 
I have more experience than you do.  

I believe it is because there is a time for rape, murder, hurricane, political treachery-types-of-reading, and a time to just amuse yourself while you're scarfing down a baloney sandwich-type-of reading.
You're acting insufferable and disgusting. 

did you ever see the original one
I think the original is the best.

If you're lying, shame on you.
You should be ashamed of lying, said the teacher.

You should also see items crafted from shark's teeth and occasionally even entire jaws.
The jaws cost $50 each, and a portion goes to local conservation efforts.

USAT reports that while Monica is in Brentwood visiting her father (just down the street, apparently, from O.J.'s old spread), her lawyers are still negotiating with Ken Starr.
According to USAT, Monica's lawyers are still negotiating with Ken Starr, said the article.

Whatever their ancestors' cultural and ethnic origins, however, all native-born residents of Israel are called sabras, who today make up more than half of the Jewish population.
Sabras still have extreme pride in their respective cultural origins.

But serial monogamy has a big downside not shared by  Lots of kids get reared either without fathers or with stepfathers, who often lack the Darwinian devotion of a biological father--and who may even be downright hostile.
Children raised without fathers can have negative impacts on their lives.

The winding channel is 30 km (18 miles) long and about 2 km (11.2 miles) wide, narrowing to 750 metres (2,250 feet) at Rumeli Hisare.
The channel is filled with motor boats in the summer and is a popular place to water skii.

well the big you know the big vans are all real nice
I think a big van would be just fine. 

The fortress above dates from Byzantine times.
The fortress is over four hundred years old.

They operate with a third fewer attorneys and must try to meet the needs of a poverty population that has doubled to nearly 1.2 million.
Although the firm has fewer attorneys, they still manage to meet the needs of the poverty population.

No, I shouldn't say so, sir. 
Sir, no, I shouldn't speak of it, or else we'll both be in a lot of trouble.

No, I do not think so. 
Maybe..

Otherwise--Well, I guess I can do it on my own.
I guess I can do it without the help of you guys.

Certain concessions were made by the Government, and were eagerly accepted.
The Government made certain compromises which were eagerly accepted by the masses.

Some phone companies are offering test trials of a new technology, ADSL , or asymmetric digital subscription line.
ADSL will be essential to the future of the communication industry. 

He spun the barrel, and gestured as if aiming.
He pretended to aim at the girls.

After listening 59 intently for a minute or two, he put his head round the curtain.
He put his head round the curtain after listening intently and waiting for them to stop talking.

What concerns me most, however, is that I'll soon be entering the work world, and the ability to make light conversation is paramount in business relationships.
I am worried that with my autism I will have a problem in business social situations.

A bookcase crammed with tightly squeezed volumes provided a resting place for pieces of native pottery bearing grotesque animal designs.
The books next to the pottery outlined the history of native peoples.

2/ First-Class Mail sent by households to non-households (e.g.
This the second and final category of mail

hm no i didn't see it yeah
no I didn't see it there but I plan on seeing it

That hateful man! 
I can't believe he would commit such a heinous act.

i always try to vote for those and but i and there are some that if when they have them on Saturday i'll say all right i'm going to work i'm going to go vote this afternoon and then i'll get busy and if no one reminds me then i will forget so i'm not too sure course i guess that's part of being apathy too but i do try to vote in every one but uh
I will go vote later if I can remember to do it.

But it wasn't until 1924, with the first Winter Olympic Games at Chamonix, that skiing ' at the time only crosecountry ' attracted international attention.
Skiing attracted international attention at this event, after trying to garner popularity for a long time prior.

Some stores are open after normal hours or on Sundays or holidays when cruise ships are in port.
Stores like to open for longer on hours in order to pull in churchgoers.

a professional mother a person
A professional mother is also a person.

Today, west of New Orleans along what is called the German Coast, you can see towns with names like Hahnville, Kraemer, and Des Allemands.
You can see towns today with names like Hahnville, Kraemer, and Des Allemands west of New Orleans along with what is called the German Coast and other towns in the area.

Semans says she wrote that line into the narrative after she had told a lot of people, including her parents, about the spot.
Semans says she wrote the line about the deserted island, only after telling several others. 

Just ask your Alfred how much time he 12 spends over there.' She was very angry. 
She was angry with Alfred for allowing it. 

At six o'clock, Miss Howard, disguised as Alfred Inglethorp, enters the chemist's shop, with her story about a dog, obtains the strychnine, and writes the name of Alfred Inglethorp in John's handwriting, which she had previously studied carefully. 
Miss Howard spent three weeks carefully studying John's handwriting. 

and everything Bush said he backed up of course he course he had some real good help
Bush always followed through with all his promises.

oh i see how'd how did they how do they pick their people
What criteria do they use to hire people?

Amid some evidence of a press backlash against the princess--top Sun columnist Richard Littlejohn last week called her a flawed, privileged young woman who filled in time between exotic holidays and shopping for clothes by putting in a bit of work for high-profile charities--an opinion poll published Monday in the same newspaper said half of Britain is still in mourning for her.
The princess did not enjoy the lavish lifestyle she lived.

These clothes are designed for large-scale factory production, and the chief customer is a bulk buyer.
Orders must be at least 2000 units for the clothes to be produced in the factory.

GAO's staff, mostly accountants, began to change to fit these new assignments.
The new assignments called for less accountants.

The post-impressionist paintings of Jack B. Yeats (brother of the famous poet) are particularly noteworthy.
Jack B. Yeats also painted in other styles.

Here we are at Lyons', and we will each of us pay for our own.
We will pay for our own meals.

well what what kind of weather are you having right now
It's raining there at the moment.

Jane started nervously.
Jane did not know what to say.

uh-huh you had company
You had friends over for drinks.

And when he did five to seven copypastes, which resulted in two smaller contracts, he felt even more than secure.
When he did five to seven copy pastes he felt even more secure than he did the night before.

All technology investments are justified using business case analyses.
Common technology investments are upgrading RAM and buying new monitors.

uh i don't get that option i i i was at a company that had that and i didn't make enough to to be able to put anything in it so i had to leave
I was at a company that offered the matching option, but I didn't make enough to participate so I left.

He is warm and impulsive where his father was distant and calculating.
His father's coldness taught him to be more open and willing to communicate with people.

Notification of Before beginning any new engagement that requires GAO to seek information, data, or both, from an agency,
Before starting a new engagement that requires GAO to seek information, they must be notified on the website.

[speaking] : Well, wait a second--not all of them.
Wait one moment, not all of them are gay.

If the science showed we could, the policy question would be whether we could get a bigger place on the agenda if we partner with other programs.
We will be guaranteed a better spot. 

Smaller than the Florida species and said to be more docile, they grow to 6 m (20 ft) in length and can live to an age of 100 years.
Less than 10% of adults live to be 100 years old.

Though I doubt if it's the kind of place to suit you, sir.
This is a rough place thus I do not think it is a place you should be.  

This is a little too simple.
This math problem is too easy.

From here you can then walk uphill to the right, to the pretty hilltop gardens for a superb view of Tel Aviv.
There are several places to access superb views of Tel Aviv.

uh-huh did you ever have her in child care
Have you had her in child care when she was two?

Agency Comments and Our Evaluation
Agency Comments and Our Evaluation both go into the planning.

and then i've just been in Human Resources the last two years and i work with those same people that i worked with all those nine years so i feel kind of part of the staff
I would enjoy working with them for nine more years.

yeah i noticed
Yeah, I noticed, and I don't like it. 

what do you think of him
How do you feel about the way he dresses?

As a result, programs often pass through each development phase and into production with an unstable design and insufficient knowledge about critical manufacturing processes and product reliability.
Most programs that pass through being unstable are eventually stabilised after enough time is put in.

GAO will generally provide written notification to the agencies involved in the work electronically in an agreed-upon format that protects the files from alteration.
Agencies involved in the work can request administrator access so they can change the files remotely in special circumstances.

i guess not
Maybe we can try again soon.

I did, said Severn.
Severn said he did go to the beach.

Though not with the ferocity they once exhibited for Stark, the remainder of the Sticks charged.
With less ferocity, the Sticks charged with their spears.

Hans Fedge, a mortgage broker assisting Linn and Eileen Ledford, said he faces the same dilemma again and again.
Hans Fedge is optimistic that he will be able to save the Ledfords from bankruptcies.

Visit the small chapel dedicated to the Most Ancient and Most Noble Order of the Thistle, the highest order of chivalry in Scotland.
The Most Ancient and Most Noble Order of the Thistle is still extremely active.

In an increasingly producer-led economy dominated by price-fixing cartels operating with the government's blessing, consumers were left to foot the bill.
Consumers were angry about the prices they had to pay.

The islanders are vibrant, generous, and the loveliness of Martinique's women is legendary, the number of children impressive.
Martinique is host to very handsome men.  

The Astronomer said, softly, "Ours is the first solar system they have found which contains them.
The rich man who studied the stars said, "Ours is the first solar system found which contains them."

Take a left turn here on the B6318 and after 6 km (4 miles) you will see the sign for Birdoswald.
After a few kilometers, you will see the sign for Birdoswald.

Specifically, she said that it is difficult for SEC employees to obtain seating using frequent flyer tickets because many trips are scheduled, canceled, or changed at the last minute.
Frequent flyer ticket holders only get a seat if the flight isn't full.

When she was little, she had a blue LED installed in her right eye for no particular reason.
She installed a light in her eye to see what would happened.

You are not ill, I trust?
Do you feel good?

We have reported that other countries have begun to use their performance management systems as a strategic tool to help achieve results.
Performance management systems are created by men and women alike.

Most major towns have handicraft stores like KL's Karyaneka on Jalan Raja Chulan, which act as a showcase for products from all over the peninsula and East Malaysia.
Jalan Raja Chulan is one of the largest handicraft stores.

You can also plant your own tree at the plantation, which can grow next to those planted by the  great and good.  
There have been more than 100 trees planted in the last year.

He shampooed his unkempt head vigorously and allowed himself to forget all worries, wallowing in the sheer joy of being really clean again.
He wallowed in the sheer joy of being really clean, a feeling he hadn't felt in months.

 Colin Powell died in a car crash.
Colin Powell was driving a Range Rover.

But she will, of course, which is going to be too bad.
The fallout from this will be enormous.

okay well that's the reason why i like both of those programs is because they're kind of based on books and the plots are more
programs based off of books are more exciting

even well like i i'm in like a little town right now it's smaller than Butler and um Butler Butler is about an hour north east of Pittsburgh So that will give you some idea of where i'm at and i'm about
I live in a town with 1,000 residents. 

i'm drawing the blank
I'm drawing the blank today.

When stiff and sore and scarredI take away my handFrom leaning on it hardIn grass and sand,
I like leaning in grass and sand for hours.

One of the exhibits is older the fragments of a monument to Jupiter (first century a.d.) discovered near Notre-Dame.
Jupiter was Zeus counterpart and eventually worshiped by both Romans and remnants of the Etruscans. 

you know it it gives you some strokes there that you may not get otherwise because i'm cooped up in the house all day
I want to get out of the house but I can't walk.  

that's pretty good i mean it's it's not something you see every day so it's i guess it that that keeps the quality a little higher
Things that you see every day get boring.

you're right and that's that's awful in Texas
Texas is a terrible place.

 Don Cazar decides, Bartolomé said.
Don Cazar always makes the decisions.

you know alcoholism wasn't a problem resentment whatever was was not a problem at all because each one of our children was planned and he seemed to be the one who initiated having children so certainly he wanted the m
He wasn't prepared for the trouble that children can bring

This is revolution.'
This is a political revolution.

Republicans should counter with logical, informative statements that point out the costs involved in litigation.
Republicans don't support litigation but they're not sure why.

oh you ought to try some crawfish they are good but see that's one good thing about living down here is usually anybody that comes over you know even if it's like out of town guests and stuff they want our cooking
Crawfish is a local specialty. 

Matthew: The political use of a gay man's gruesome death.
The deaths of gay men are becoming too politicized nowadays.

I would be pleased to respond to any questions that you or the other Subcommittee members have.
I am prepare to answer any type of question due to my extensive research. 

In 1978, the Polish Cardinal and Archbishop of Krakew Karol Wojtyla was elected Pope; he took the name John Paul II.
John Paul II was Pope for forty years.

Tell me exactly what happened. The small boy drew a long breath.
The child was young but has gone through many hardships.

yeah especially what i do
I do it really well. 

The followers have accepted and are leaving.
The followers were accepting of the play being cancelled; and, they left the theater. 

Of particular interest on the first floor of the Francois I wing is the wood-paneled cabinet (study) of Catherine de M??dicis, conniving queen mother and regent to three kings of France.
Catherine de Medicis was the real ruler of France during the period of her regencies.

to do work if i had a machine already installed at home i would probably work just about every night
I plan on putting a machine in my home.

True, technology empowers millions of potential copyright violators.
Technology is necessary for copyright violations.

it's really right that's probably true that's probably true it's it's very very good very good that's another one that i was really glad when it won all those awards because it really deserved it
I watched all of the award ceremonies at my house.

Other federal expenditures are also likely to increase.
There are other federal expenditures that could increase if we increase this particular service in the next month.

They had saved Ca'daan's life.
Ca'daan was almost dead, but he survived.

I saw two spearmen kill a horned and tusked war brill called Dunelord.
The spearmen were fishing to save their lives. 

The security officers at the computer vendor said that because the company's information security policies emphasized user behavior, they were included in the organization's employee code of conduct.
The company's security policies are included in the employee code of conduct and in the break room.

Department ofCommerce's Second-Year Efforts to Implement the
The First-Year Efforts were greater. 

if you if you can find a deal like that
If you can find a deal like that you should jump on it right away.

because i mean crawfish everybody over here likes crawfish but you know i i wouldn't have to worry about satisfying my
Everyone that's over here loves crawfish and it is easy to make.

Is it Simhat Torah again already?
Simhat Torah has been repeated as Musician of the Year.

This report builds on (1) our 1994 report profiling leading private and public sector organizations that have successfully improved mission performance and program outcomes through the innovative use of information management and technology and (2) our 1995 report on the human resource management principles employed by selected public and private organizations to build and sustain high levels of organizational performance.
The report profiles private and public sector organizations, but is entirely outdated.

uh-huh you know i've heard we have a couple of friends that goes to Washington quite often and that must be the thing they really hadn't either they went to the Memorial you know because when they go it's on business it's not really just to getting to sight see
We have friends that go to Washington often for vacation.

Thorn ignored him.
Thorn ignored his threats.

They're too different.
They are not similar enough for this task.

it is it's got uh basically an easy uh rhythm and and tone
It's easy to sing to. 

oh God what a headache what a pain in the butt and
I was expecting this to not occur. 

(His colleagues feel he's a showboat and a camera hog, says University of Virginia political scientist Larry Sabato.)
They think he shows off for the cameras that are stationed around the room.

The hiking trail takes a good three hours, passing through rhododendrons, orchids, and laurel.
The hiking trail is quite rigorous and not for beginners. 

you know it's like whoa
It is always like, wow.  

Hives feature the mathematical genius of honeycombs and precise divisions of labor.
Bee hives have the genius of honeycombs and divided labor.

The Federation authorities decided on several, crucial for the game's rapid increase in popularity, decisions.
The game became the most popular, most played game of the year

Guards would regulate those who entered and departed.
Guards were brutish in their regulation of those coming and going.

Raves for the New York debut of 31-year-old countertenor David Daniel, hailed as the  'next Pavarotti' ...
David Daniel has performed in Boston. 

he's a very good arranger uh  arrangement to but uh were going to get off   i don't know but no yeah okay but yeah i mean when i heard his album when i heard it and it's just incredible
His album was long.

Political consultants have given the edge in this race to the candidate who best addresses concerns about education, economic development, and the security of those who depend on San Antonio's military bases.
Candidates that put the most emphasis upon education, the economy and military security are sure to win. 

The national museums have free admission, but the SuperSaver Card, available at any Tourism Centre or participating attraction, will admit you to a number of others at a reduced price with priority entry.
The SuperSaver card is helpful when you want to visit a lot of museums without waiting.

and they're on their second marriage and they've got his kids and her kids and i think my gosh all the pain they've caused themselves and their children i just
I can't imagine the stress and the pain they go through.

In the dramatic new Mus??e de l'Arles Antique (Avenue de la Premiyre Division France Libre), lively exhibitions of Roman statues and early Christian sarcophagi with impressive architectural models bring the ancient city back to life.
The models took over a year to complete. 

In its recent obituary of a legendary cold war spy, the NYT suggested that he was the conduit via which the U.S. arranged for Vietnamese generals to assassinate South Vietnam's president Ngo Dinh Diem in 1963.
He was a very skilled man.

Many of its timbered and gabled houses date back to the 14th and 15th centuries, particularly in the Place de l'H??tel-de-Ville and the Rue du Poids-du-Roy.
Many of those timbered and gabled houses were built between 1455 and 1555.

anytime at all yeah but yeah yeah he may come back into baseball but i doubt if he'll ever come back and play
He has questionable prospects about returning to play, even if he might come back to baseball, because of his age.

It's that when people feel that their chances of being injured are reduced, they drive more recklessly.
People drive poorly if they believe their car to be very safe.

Severn is bringing the mining lords tonight.
Severn is bringing five men with him.

Unzen itself, once the favored hill station of Europeans escaping the steaming summers of the Asian mainland, is now a rather noisy, crowded spa resort.
Unzen was further north than where the Europeans were during the cooler months.

Longabaugh wondered whether the intended consumers of the document would include government officials, researchers, practitioners, and academicians.
Researchers and academicians were not among the intended consumers.

This set the pattern of hierarchic rule that was to prevail right up to the last half of the 19th century (some would claim, in economic terms at least, that it still persists today).
People would like the hierarchical system to completely disappear.

Because the Federal Crop Insurance Reform Act of 1994 required that the statutory changes be implemented by the 1995 crop year and many of the changes were mandated by the statute, FCIC invoked the exception to the notice and comment requirements contained in 5 U.S.C.
The Act was brought into law to help the crops.

The basic roles and responsibilities of the board were defined as enhancing shareholder value, assessing and monitoring risk, and ensuring management accountability.
The board members took turns on the roles.

You have near immortality now.
Thankfully, you're nearly immortal.

Internet telephony, one of the coolest new online applications, illustrates packet switching's drawbacks.
Internet telephony has over a million users.

The Reorganization Act grants the Postal Service specific powers that serve as the operational tools of service innovation.
The Postal Service is able to put mailboxes anywhere they want.

yeah yeah  well i was one of the forced ones
I hate being used against my will.

'Please, if you'll just let me pass...I'm very tired...'
I didn't want to see people anymore and just wanted to leave.

It seemed to have no effect, however; apparently the sun was not supposed to melt the sky when it was in place--so the little sun didn't melt the shell.
The sun didn't melt the sky as the government protected it with a metal later

His eyes were gold-amber and shone in the moonlight when he looked to Ca'daan.
The full moon as high in the sky.

She can talk to us?YES.
She is allowed to talk to us any time she wants to.

Walk him up and down here by the corral. The Kentuckian handed the reins to Callie.
The reins were made out of leather.

In 1954, some experimental psychologists randomly divided 24 sixth-grade boys into two groups and took them to Robbers Cave State Park, Okla., for summer camp.
The 24 boys were the top students in their class.

Slate in four of the site's markets (the Democratic and Republican presidential races, the battle for control of Congress, and the U.S.
Slate does better in democratic markets than republican markets.

He reviewed the GAO reports in detail, analyzed the data from each one in terms of his framework, and aggregated the results in his final chapter.
The results were presented in the tenth and final chapter.

It really had become an economic impossibility to take these jobs and survive on them, Mintie said. 
It was impossible to make a living wage with any job.

see that's what i don't understand
Maybe you can tell me a little more.

People who do that, the narrator observes, are at heart storytellers.
The narrator has a lot of experience of listening to many storytellers.

yeah it's it's actually turning out to be more more useful than what i thought and um i also have a good languages background linguistics
It's more useful than I thought it would be when I travel.

when putting the catalytic converter back on i had to put the right side of the car up on jack stands
There's no convenient way to place the catalytic converter back. 

Among the elegant, spotless timbered houses of the 16th-century Place du March??, note the fine Halle aux Bl??s (Corn Market) and H??tel de Ville, as well as the handsome Renaissance Puits aux Six Seaux (Six Pails Well) situated between the town hall and the parish church.
There are three churches in the town.

There are now more than 5 million Buddhists in India, many of them in Maharashtra.
A majority of Buddhists are of Asian descent.

If you're coming into France from the English Channel or across the Belgian border, don't rush south on the autoroute but take a more leisurely journey and enjoy Picardy.
It's better not to take the autoroute when going to France.

If you take a plane or train the length of the peninsula, Italy offers yet another cornacopia of delights.
Traveling by plane or train are the only available options.

There are also several major theaters with an ever-changing schedule of plays, ballets, and musical performances as well as popular shows featuring international bands and singers on the tour circuit.
You need to plan your visit accordingly, if you don't want to miss the exact play or ballet, that you come to visit for.

During the registration process was so competitive, it ended in violence.
Violence always erupted during all competitive events.

It does if you are trying to set any sort of policy priorities.
There are strict guidelines to follow when setting policy priorities.

The Rhine Valley has always been a central artery, a channel for river, road, and rail traffic between the north and the south.
They also transport cows on the river.

Foreign ships carried new diseases to the islands as well.
The ships were no good. 

Department of Commerce's prestigious Technology Opportunity Program to create the HelpMe Domestic Violence Project.
The Department of Commerce encouraged the Technology Opportunity Program to pursue the project to completion.

Personal Communication with Chad Whiteman, U.S.
Mr. Whiteman also sometimes has professional communications.

Wilson also observes that besides the Unabomber's manifesto, his skill in manufacturing bombs and the clever ways in which he concealed his identity suggest to me that he was clearly sane.
He often made bombs and went out of his way to hide his identity so he wouldn't be recognized by the local press.

Westin says he wants ABC to get back to hard news.
Westin thinks ABC should cover all the terrorism stories.

You know a great deal more than you're willing to admit." Tuppence paused a moment to admire her own ingenuity, and then said softly: "I shouldn't like to contradict you, Mr. Whittington."
Mr. Whittington has no choice but to cooperate with Tuppence, or risk losing his life.

Only a fool underestimates his capabilities.
Everyone who is a fool underestimates his abilities.

The upward leaping orchestral figure anticipates the word, top, but the sung line does not, and at the punchline, But if Baby I'm the bottom, / You're the top, both Billy and Reno (I'm and You're) share a melodic line at the top of their respective ranges.
Billy and Reno are preforming together.

At the critical design review, only 21 percent of a product's engineering drawings had been completed.
A critical design review for engineering drawing took place.

The grapes used for wine have seeds, but they've been cloned from shoots for more than a hundred years in the case of many vineyards.
The grapes are yellow.

A remake of the 1957 made-for-TV musical wins praise for its African-American lead and multiracial cast, which includes Jason Alexander, Whitney Houston, and Whoopi Goldberg.
The remake,  which debuted on Broadway, sold out every show during its 3 month run. 

The great Temple of Artemis, one of the Seven Wonders of the World, was erected in her honour.
Many people came to the Temple of Artemis to worship her.

The most motivational screening test is unknown.
The most motivational screening test is the eye exam.

other than that it's pretty pretty lax and i think that's good because it does allow people to be individual and it allows you to kind of dress the way you feel that day or you know if you want to be comfortable and casual you can and sometimes i think you
That's why I stay with the company.

yeah i remember maybe uh maybe three winters where we had a white Christmas here
Three winters ago we had a white Christmas in Florida.

Gentilello clarified that he had not criticized the peer-review process, but that panels reviewing alcohol interventions in EDs should include representatives of emergency medicine.
Gentilello later got in a fist fight with a psychiatrist in the parking lot.

But there is a very fine line between such arguments for collective action and supercilious paternalism, especially when cultural matters are concerned; are we warning societies about unintended consequences or are we simply disagreeing with individual tastes?
Everyone has the right to believe what they want. 

but uh what's that
Is it alive?

The page for just one of these pesticides contained hundreds of pages of information about the rule (e.g.
The rule is strictly enforced for this pesticide.

Although they needed to avoid water snakes, alligators, and disease-carrying mosquitoes, they enjoyed a cornucopia of seafood and game, flavoring it with a hot sauce the Creoles would later adopt.
Lobsters are a very popular dinner in this area.

An advance notice of proposed rulemaking was published on June 15, 1990 (55 Fed.
An advance notice of the rulemaking was published in June on the website.

Time , meanwhile, claims that 2 p.m. to 8 p.m. has become God time for American teen-agers.
They apparently enjoy this time because this is when they are doing most of their homework.

Future studies need to incorporate evaluation of screening linked to intervention protocols.
Future studies should include the evaluation of screening for interventions of alcohol abusers. 

The SBA has confirmed that some agencies follow this practice without objection from the SBA.
The SBA has shown agencies allow executives to have paid vacations.

I told you.
I told you that yesterday.

The cities' shanty-town districts are often directly in the shadow of the shining skyscrapers, built by the shanty-town residents themselves.
Citizens are forced to build their own shanty-homes at most cannot afford anything more.

There is also an attractive 18th-century residence called Ceteau Murat.
Ceteau Murat is a pretty residence which was built in the late 1700s. 

He did not say so, senor .
I asked him, but he did not give that answer. 

This week, he declared all-out war between Starr and the Clinton camp.
He said Starr was ramping up his fight against Clinton.

if all that were proven true, I think that would be a very serious offense.
There is enough evidence to make this a serious offense.

no uh i i've nope i've never had that
I've never had that, but I wish I had.

BeauSeigneur says most premills figure the Antichrist will be a Jew--but not all.
Most premills think that the Antichrist will be a Jew from New York. 

'Running diagnostic,' the computer chirped.
The computer chirped happily.

Newspaper after newspaper has berated D'Amato for this patently dishonest strategy, noting that Schumer is probably the hardest-working member of Congress.
Every newspaper attacked D'Amato's strategy.

Guilt I could relate to.
I have lived a life full of guilt.

The NIPA and federal unified budget measures also differ in their treatment of federal employees' pension programs.
Federal employees benefit from pension programs.

And maybe, after months of house arrest, she wanted to make an up-yours gesture toward Starr.
She wanted to show Starr she didn't have to stay in the house like he told her to.

SUUUURGE!
Go forward slowly.

i'm in in i'm in payroll division nine yeah corporate payroll so it didn't for a while there were a lot of rumors flying and uh i still hold a red badge and it's still uh i'm still under five years so if they had a layoff in division nine
There are many payroll positions available.

As a professional courtesy, GAO will inform the requester(s) of substantive media inquiries during an ongoing review.
GAO will tell requesters about media inquiries during a quarterly review.

but we're we're in the sixties and seventies in the daytime
The temperature is a bit lower at night.

Fewer sales means fewer parcels to deliver, whether by white trucks with an eagle or big, brown trucks.
Sales have been slow this year, so there have not been many delivers.

Reese Topham tells me that he explained the local situation to you, and you appeared to understand it then.
Is that correct that you understood the situation here?

Researchers from fieldwork traditions would have argued that they could provide the most useful information by spending some time at the site of the training program, trying to understand what the program meant to those who were involved in it, and reporting on what was happening from the perspective of those who were making it happen.
However the researchers were lazy and didn't argue and therefore we were provided the most useful information.

i don't know gobs
I do not know what gobs are.

The creator of this unusually successful way of reducing stress was one Antoni Elkbellows, a man possessing a long and confirmed by genetic studies lineage, according to which he was a direct descendent of a respectable family of magnates from nearby Pila - the Oxbellows.
Antoni Elkbellows was a 30 year old psychiatrist who suffered from depression.

The Progressive Policy Institute's Rob Shapiro, who invented the concept of corporate welfare before Reich gave it a name, has identified $300 billion worth.
Rob Shapiro donates money to charity often.

Margaret's Chapel).
Her tall structure.

yeah i'll take some of the uh thick and rich barbecue sauce and put a little red wine in it a little uh uh liquid smoke
I add a little red wine, black pepper and liquid smoke to the thick and rich barbecue sauce.

There are also demonstrations of traditional Chinese crafts, including silk-weaving, pottery, and p apermaking.
Silk-weaving produces some of the world's most expensive clothing.

He was his own man, not Rennie's son, unless he chose.... Two more lamps had been lighted in the cantina.
He didn't want to live in his dad's shadow.

He knew it. 
He might not entirely been aware of it.

The price may look a little steep, until you realize that all the brightly decorated rooms are suites large enough to get lost in, with unheard-of kitchenettes and comfortable salons for the price of a standard three- or four-star room.
These suites are double the size of standard three star rooms for the same price.

One of the best is the Cirque de Baume, between Lons-le-Saunier and Baume-les-Messieurs.
There is a French town not too far from Cirque de Baume with much to see as well.

and in that case then i'll be i'll be at home when my children are at home but i'd like to stay at home with them until they get in at least into kindergarten
I'll quit my job if I have to to stay home with the kids. 

uh-huh well i know i have um i just have a tent and the kids and i like to go out and camp in the tent and then i bought a van and that way i can sleep in the van and be more comfortable
The kids don't enjoy the drive but they do love to camp.

set of initiatives designed to improve patient care and eliminate deficiencies.
Set of initiatives designed to have patients get more time with doctors.

flavour to his voice! 
Make it sound like his voice.

i used to smoke a long time ago i used to burn my clothes talking about getting back to clothes i used to burn my clothes with cigarettes that's one of the reason that i stopped
I haven't smoked a cigarette in five years.

His bodyguard-cum-chauffeur stayed with the car.
His bodyguard was armed with a glock.

Primary responsibility for authorizing and approving Tand;A transactions rests with the employee's supervisor, who approves the employee's Tand;A reports.
Authorization and approval of Tan;A reports is very hard to get done.

The Esthonia Glassware Co.
The Esthonia Glassware Co. made all the glass for the city.

7. Empirical/moral.
The leader of the honors college needed empirical evidence to make moral decisions.

and that that's interesting they would i was reading something that said that they way
I like to read about that.

I don't see anything unfair about it.
I think everyone has an equal share.

Then Red turned fiercely upon his companion.
Red turned angrily toward his friend and shot him in the eye.

Sanchez, the Indigenous Project's tri-lingual employee, said the number of Mixtecs has grown considerably since he arrived in Oregon in the late 1990s.
Sanchez said the number of Mixtecs is expected to keep rising.

Have you hit him? cried Tuppence eagerly.
Have you knocked him out? asked Tuppence cheerfully.

Wouldn't you love to be a fly on the wall when these pieces get assigned?
The pieces are split between committees.

O, how I faint when I of you do write,
I have intense physical reactions no matter what I write about.

This paper is intended to transfer what we believe to be good practice in case studies and to help establish the principles of applying case studies to evaluation.
This paper contains references to hundreds of reputable sources.

Adjoining the church but with a separate outdoor entrance in the back are the Medici Chapels (Cappelle Medicee), monuments to the splendor and decadence of the family dynasty.
The Medici Chapels are slightly younger than the main church.

NYT : He is, after all, one of the men about whom an old girlfriend, Carly Simon, wrote You're So Vain.
He is one of two men that Carly Simon wrote You're So Vain about.

 Sí a real diablo , that one!"
That is a rare sight.

oh i don't even know i have no clue
I never learned that.

And Israel has threatened to send troops into PA-controlled cities and crack down on Hamas itself.
There is great tension and unrest between troops in Israel and Hamas.

have you seen Wild Orchid
It looks appealing, but I haven't had time to watch it yet.

Such a system would allow for truly unique greetings, and after all, nobody said they had to be comprehensible.
A talk to text system like that would be perfect for unique and uncommon greetings.

It's little enough time you'll have to talk in, maybe. 137 The remark was unpleasant in its suggestion, but Tommy ignored it.
Tommy did not think much of the unpleasant suggestion in the remark.

My  She wants to move out to California, where I live.
I live in California and she wants to move here because of that.

At Gauntlet-point, Lincoln marched me to a nearby cafe.
Lincoln walked with me to the coffee shop to have a snack.

Even without such changes, the Postal Service could pursue regional wage differentials.
The Postal Service wants to pay higher wages in New York.

asked Chief Justice William Rehnquist.
The Chief Justice asked about environmental regulations.

and i'm not sure that uh that i would even think at this point that somewhere in the middle would even be desirable because uh i mean if there's if there's something uh if what we wind up with is more socialistic than what we have now then i'm not sure that it's the right thing it's there i think we have too much too many social programs
Social programs are holding our society back.

Ca'daan took them through the alleys behind the shops and untied the intricate five-lace knot that held the door closed.
Ca'daan untied the knot in just a few seconds.

Jon had just managed to reload one pistol when a new shadow broke free and rushed Jon.
Although Jon had managed to reload his pistol right before the new shadow rushed him, he dropped his pistol surprise because of it.

His back blew out and he fell over the back of his horse as it rode past.
He fell off the horse and his his head.

I do not know whether this theory is true.
I think the theory is true. 

and i got all three of them on tape and i'm fixing to tape this other one that's coming on Monday Changes yeah
I've taped all three concerts, and am looking forward to taping the next one on Monday.

A pyramid seemed like a ridiculous solution, but for an incredible task, an impossible solution had to be tried.
There was no way a pyramid could be constructed.

Just Before the Battle, Mother, one of the most popular songs of the Civil War, sold over a million copies in sheet music, an interesting thing to contemplate (or call for at a karaoke bar) as we await the debut of Talk magazine (as I understand it, an abbreviated form of the original title, Talk Is Cheap ) and the resumption of Tina Brown-mocking.
There was a huge profit made from the commercialization of the Mother song.

As the chaos of battle unfolded, she alone would keep them coordinated enough to fight together.
She was able to lead them to victory.

He stooped, picked up the dark-brown volume, and a torn page fluttered to the floor.
The page that fell to the floor had a picture on it.

Working together, the members reflect the interests of not just information technology and management, but the user community and the projectas stakeholders, and provide a holistic blend of technical, project management, value management, budget, finance, and procurement skills and capabilities to meet mission needs.
The members have many factors to consider when working on a project. 

i don't think there are the little box is black on the top of the pyramid of the sun it's black so yeah you can't really tell but it is kind of weird you know you think wow there is where they did human sacrifices to false Gods and
I felt a chill when I looked at the top of the pyramid.

you know that's sixteen hours because one would come in the morning and one would be at night i mean in the afternoon and then that night it wouldn't need one
I wouldn't need anyone at night to check on me or give me medicines.

'I had a word with the driver.
My driver wouldn't act reasonably, so I had to have a stern talk with him. 

Vasari's greatest architectural work, it is now the home of one of the world's most famous and important art galleries.
Vasari's greatest building was converted to house its art gallery in 1930.

and those are going away
Those are departing because time has run out.

Julius looked at him and judged it wise to say no more.
He wasn't known for his even temper.

you'd be in have to be in a cave not to know what's going on or moving it to Lubbock or somewhere possibly is not the answer
Moving it to somewhere that's quite close to Lubbock.

Continue through this bazaar until you pass the fortress-like Austrian Hospice on the left.
Go through this bazaar until you pass the five story medical center.

 "But you have the gift.
But you have my brother's gift. You have to come.

Yet one of his dearest friends was a Jewish painter who greatly influenced him aesthetically.
The painter specialized in portraits.

One way to prevent this type of color loss is to wash clothes in colder water, but all detergents work poorly in cold water, and many bleaching agents are completely ineffective in cold temperatures.
Color loss does not occur in colder water.

I was already drawing attention.
I was nervous that people were looking at me.

Turning to ways of assessing the quality of completed case studies, we have provided guidelines for reviewing case study reports in appendix III.
There a large number of guidelines that must be followed.

and uh so a lot of times they the the the international films downtown
I always go downtown on Saturdays to catch the Bollywood movies.

These exceptions include but are not necessarily limited to (1) employees working alone at a remote site for long periods and (2) employees based at the same duty station as their supervisors or timekeepers but frequently at work sites away from the duty station.
A premium is paid when an employee works at a site away from the duty station.

The dancers are accompanied by musicians playing the guitar or instruments introduced into the region by the Moors the dulzaina (flute) and tamboril (tambourine).
The dancers do the jitterbug while musicians strum acoustic guitars.

Or consider Pee-wee's Playhouse . Pee-wee Herman minces about and becomes obviously infatuated with other male characters who conform to gay archetypes.
 Pee-wee Herman minces about to attract the attention of other males

oh i'm telling you i just cried and cried and cried and cried it was so sweet it was sweet but it was sad because you know you just really miss Gary
I cried when I read the letter.

The postwar obsession with comfort, convenience, and the latest electronic gadgetry has led most Japanese to forsake the traditional, simple, and elegant house of wooden walls, heavy tiled roofs, tatami-mat floors, and sliding panels for a modern  Western-style  house designed to exchange the austerity of the past for the prosperity of the future.
The older generation of Japanese people still prefer the traditional style homes.

Just minutes away from the heart of Kathmandu, life goes on as it has for centuries in the rural communities of the valley.
The folk of the rural communities make their living off herding and textiles.

To what extent the aggregate offset is due to the changes in interest rates, wealth, disposable personal income, expectations of future tax rates, or other reasons is ambiguous.
The reasons for how much the aggregate offset will be are very complicated.

Look out on the Cour des Femmes, where husbands, lovers, wives, and mistresses were allowed one last tryst before the tumbrels arrived.
The Cour des Femmes was the popular spot for affairs.

A vibrant city, Paris sets tastes and fashions for France and the world.
Paris competes with Milan, London, and New York to be the primary tastemaker in global fashion.

It made Ca'daan's skin crawl just to hear it.
Ca'daan would sometimes cry when he heard it. 

What shall we do?"
What should we do about the attendance problem?

We saw what happened up in New York and how much critical need there was to establish this, Rehfeld said. 
Rehfeld graduated from high school in 1974 with a 3.5 GPA.

The sharp tips of the crags pierced through the clouds like the grasping chipped fingers of a skeletal hand.
The crags were being thrown by the enemy. 

After leaving the church, rejoin the Via Doloroseand walk up the street to the Convent of the Flagellation, a Franciscan monastery.
The Convent of the Flagellation is the next building you come to after leaving the church.

The Legal Aid Bureau has become a lead player in the justice community by building partnerships with other organizations, the courts and the mediaCoall critical components to make justice available to all in Maryland.
Legal Aid Bureau at one point took to in person meetings with other organizations to advance their cause.

Brief intervention after alcohol-related injuries.
Injuries resulted from alcohol require an intervention 

i guess uh uh there's a song by that name i guess but it's not new
I heard that song on the radio before but it's not new.

Now that the Communist totalitarians have been replaced by nominal democrats, murderous hatreds and regional conflicts have re-emerged.
Nominal democrats rule everything.

Whole blocks of the city seem to disappear overnight, replaced in the blink of an eye by new office buildings, condominiums, cultural complexes, and shopping centers.
There is never any guarantee that your neighbourhood will survive for long here.

now as long as i keep going it's it's not that difficult to do and i can see where you know different muscles and things are in better shape
You get into a routine and your muscles slowly adapt.

Snitcher! You promised you wouldn't tell.
You promised you wouldn't tell, you damned liar.

Franciscan monks have been retracing Jesus's steps and caring for the holy sites along the Via Dolorosesince the 15th century.
The holy sites were visited by Jesus.

Nye stepped back and let him pass.
Although Nye stepped back, Smith did not.

Thorn pulled him against the strong wall against which he held his position and cleaved deep into the Stick's skull.
Thorn killed Stick with a blow to the head.

He hungered, thirsted and suffered like anyone else.
He had not eaten or drank anything in days.

Their hands went upwards, fingers spread and curled into an unnatural position.
This gesture was part of a ceremonial dance.

Many others exist, too.
The others who exist are still air pilots.

The Commission staff advised us that there are no such rules.
The Commission staff didn't intend to mislead us.

The burden hours are not higher because, with the varied compliance dates for the labeling, many manufacturers will be able to change the labels as part of the usual and customary business practice of redesigning the labels and therefore no additional burden is incurred.
It is possible for all manufactures to change the labels

big paper files are disappearing
There are some files on the desk but some can't be found.

Watch them at the wheel of a  Long ago, driving became a major opportunity for the Italians to display their dramatic talents.
There were innumerable opportunities to display dramatic talents.

sadistic (Alex Ross, The New Yorker ). A few critics take the audience's boos as evidence of New York opera-goers' conservatism.
The atendees of the New York Opera vote for conservatives.

Finally, payment mail is all First-Class single-piece non-presorted letters, while bill mail is mostly presorted letters.
Some of the bill mail is not presorted letters.

and now if you've served in Desert Storm you probably would be a a good candidate
People who have served in Desert Storm would make great candidates for personal security.

Kells had been as good as his promise, Drew noted.
Kells was a trustworthy man. 

But if so, this was self-delusion on a really impressive scale.
The person thought he was the most successful person ever.

The magnificently proportioned 13th-century Cathedrale Notre-Dame was badly damaged in World War I, but it has been well restored and it remains one of the country's greatest Gothic edifices.
The Cathedrale Notre-Dame was damaged from the bombing runs of Germany.

Since a number of offices have been closed in the last 20 years, this estimate of 12,000 may not be current.
A more current estimate could be beneficial.

Farther south at the fishing village of Port Louis you can drive right to one of the island's best beaches, Anse du Souffleur.
Anse du Souffleur is French for Saffron Beach.

There was silence between them for some time, then Mrs. Vandemeyer looked up.
Mrs. Vandemeyer looked up at the ceiling. 

And the curious part of it is, she ended, "that I really did invent the name of Jane Finn! 
She had been accused of plagiarism in the use of a character named Jane Finn.

Nelson's 214 th album.
This album was the 214th that Nelson had worked on.

This makes me feel bigger and better, no matter how I'm actually doing.
It gives me a false sense of well-being. 

and um  i'm sure there are a lot chemicals that that can be recycled that
We will start recycling chemicals soon.

In terms of delivery of service, innovation, and diversity in leadership, the Legal Aid Bureau is in the forefront of programs around the country that promote access to justice, said Martha Bergmark, senior vice president for projects at the National Legal Aid and Defender Association in Washington, D.C.
The Legal Aid Bureau is also the most popular program around the country.

Does she go there every day?
Does she go and visit the place daily?

The city of Boone gave Schroeder $6,300 in July to resolve pending cases, said Kathy Berg, Boone's finance officer.
Schroeder accepted the $6,300 award from the City on July 23rd of this year.

We do not know how a change in the current federal policy to permit individual use would affect GSA's ability to negotiate savings in contract airfares.
They should work on understanding how a change in the current federal policy to permit individual use could affect GSA. 

However, there are standards that can be applied to all case studies in evaluation.
Some standards can be applied to every case study in the environmental evaluation.

They were pushing the crowd aside; making room for someone else.
They made room for the president to come in.

yeah yeah there's there's hardly no open alleys anymore it's all
It's too bad, most of the really good bowling alleys closed down a few years ago, so there aren't many left. 

Blowers, the sorbent storage silo, and other equipment will be mounted on concrete pads or foundations.
Equipment is mounted on concrete foundations, but it is often not sturdy enough.

Construction Management Approach
The approach to construction management is new.

Dudovitz won Iwasaki's backing to oppose the deal, and Legal Services Corp., the national funding source, overruled the proposed San Gabriel-Pomona Valley/Orange County merger.
Legal Services Corp overruled the merger, saying it would damage services availability.

Whether this will ever happen remains to be seen, but perhaps the aid offered by Greece to Turkey after 1999's devastating earthquake is a sign that the animosity between these two traditional enemies is beginning to diminish.
Other nations would want to see a closer alliance between Turkey and Greece for trade purposes.

contradiction in turn
There are so many angles to consider that it's impossible to reconcile.

Credibility building, principle III, is the one area in which CIOs in both the public and private sector have all adopted similar practices.
Principle III has been controversial to CIOs.

i don't know and these poor children are going to be fatherless forever and this guy ought chances are he he'll be out he'll be walking the streets and it's just doesn't
The fathers of these children ran away when they were babies.

yeah yeah i think we will see a black a black man as president before we see a woman president
I don't think people are ready to have a female president yet.

I do shake hands, [but] I think it's a terrible custom.
I think shanking hands is an unsanitary custom.

Here was Kazin, 50 years older than I but still traveling happily toward New York, still talking about books and people with passion and devotion, and still holding out the promise of a New World.
Kazin was 50 years older, but hadn't changed a bit, even if hater said so.

Slate as easily in Rwanda as in Redmond, so perhaps the rule should be that every Web site must follow the laws of its home country, and no other.
Because different places make up different punishments, websites need specific laws

20 Rather than viewing service area reconfiguration as a punitive measure against under-performing programs currently receiving federal funds, LSC instead considers statewide reconfiguration to be one of several tools to ensure that federal dollars are being spent in the most efficient, cost-effective manner possible, in a way that will result in the best service to the most low-income clients.
LSC has always focused on providing legal assistance to low-income clients.

Units can be measured in terms of computer software units or computer software configuration items.
The computer software is quite advance.

uh-huh because i think there're so many parts of the District where it's not very safe to get out and walk
I never go for walks in the District alone.

 Israelis are great hikers, and almost everywhere you go you will find excellent walking-tour guides.
Israelis are great hikers because they spend their whole lives working at it.

uh i think that both the mother and the child lose and i think that's why there's so many problems you know with kids today because they don't have the family roots anymore
The semblance of family roots cannot be found in any other way for these children.

right but that's not what they really do they say that but that's not the reality of it even the Bolshevik revolution the whole thing was uh
That's not what happens in most situations

yeah and and what but the thing is then you've got to with screws and that's the other issue uh the pitch and
The pitch is the hardest issue to overcome.

cashews or something like that right um-hum well Spinoccoli she can't patent the idea though because Pizza Inn already already has it but it's a it's very good well they put it they i guess they put like the dough and then the sauce and then
Spinoccoli is a very popular recipe and very profitable.

yes ever you can't even when i was a kid i would run between my neighbors three and four blocks sometimes and as long as my mom had a general idea where i was and i was back on the time and now i don't let my kids out of the front yard that i can't see them
I have four children - twin girls, a boy and a girl.

Breakfast served in dining room of kibbutz.
Breakfast is available in the dining room from 6 am to 11 am.

The green flames of the burning houses scorched the sky.
The house began to crumble as the fire roared through it. 

I believe, Miss Howard, that it was you who found this sheet of brown paper? He held up the same dusty piece which Poirot and I had examined in the morning-room at Styles. 
Miss Howard found the piece of paper under a pile of dust.

A student referendum on notification at the University of Illinois produced the highest turnout for a student election in 10  More than 80 percent of students voted against it.
The election was important and some issues put the school in danger. 

It was also the scene of the great fiestas, tournaments, and executions of criminals and infidels.
The church was the scene of many events.

Then? Yes! At least they weren't afraid of new things.
At least they are open-minded about new things.

Maybe he is a feel-good optimist or maybe the answers are really simpler than our unnecessarily complex world would like to believe, but either way, the Dalai Lama is one of the few people in the world whom I can legitimately not feel cynical about.
Maybe I am wrong, but the Dalai Lama is one of the few people in the world I don't feel cynical about but I still like to be cautious.

They are suitable for all ages and much more comfortable than walking along the hot, dusty, stony track.
The donkey carts will get you to your destination much more quickly and easily than walking.

yeah most of them do they have the uh yeah they have the the kilometer inside and the and of course the miles per hour great big so you can see it um
I use the miles per hour more than the kilometers.

uh well they're they're coming from various places and a lot of them are going back there
They learn all they can from us, then they go and apply it in their countries.

Starr has said that leaking grand jury testimony before it's actually delivered doesn't count.
They had issues with keeping the testimony confidential.

To identify challenges associated with successful information sharing, we obtained the views of officials and members of each organization and reviewed supporting documentation, when it was available.
Every official available was interviewed to identify challenges.

a lot of our friends go through divorces uh you know we've been married thirty five years and so that's how old our friends are
We do not plan to ever get divorced. 

uh i've only purchased one new car in my entire life
I have purchased secondhand cars in the past. 

Our markets are global in nature and no nation, including the United States, can go it alone.
The markets are worldwide and any country can participate. 

The following outlines the strategies that senior executives in leading organizations commonly use to promote information management leadership involvement in business decision making and maximize the benefits from their IT investments.
Some senior executives use strategies to get information management involved in decision making when adopting new technologies.

Experts debated whether he would be remembered more for his brutal tyranny or for his corruption and plunder of the economy.
The experts could not decide which one of the two would make him more famous.

well it does sound very interesting maybe our phone company out here will get around to offering something like that
Our company doesn't offer anything interesting.

The Evolving Structure of Postal and Delivery Industries June 11-14, 1997, Helsinger, Denmark
The postal delivery system is evolving to include more rural routes.

The individuals performing the tests, which at various organizations were internal auditors, contractors, student interns, or central security staff, were encouraged to research and use hacking instructions and tools available on the Internet or from other sources in order to simulate attacks from real hackers.
Some of the testers were real live hackers.

uh-huh i mean it's real funny because if you you know it seems like when you exercise and expend the energy that you'd be tired but it's the other way around
If you keep up with exercise in the long term, you feel like you have more energy all the time.

Should the allowances be auctioned off or be handed out for free?
It may be preferred to give out free allowances.

Later, as it fell into disrepair, the walls were dismantled and used to build other structures in the town.
Its walls were later used to construct a school and three shops within the town. 

sacrifice that that would be to suddenly try to switch over to all CDs or something but i know one thing that has colored my music choice is
My record collection is huge and full of rare ones.

One frequently used basis is size of the problem: that is, 7 states account for about 45 percent of all unfiled returns (California, Florida, Illinois, New York, Oklahoma, Pennsylvania, and Texas).
The problem is that 7 states account for about 45 percent of all unfiled returns, said the news.

yeah and uh it also has a forty megabyte hard drive built in
My new desktop has a 50 megabyte hard drive and that's the reason I bought it. 

Eva's mechanic friend inspected the car and found several large sticks lodged underneath the car to prevent it from rattling.
A mechanic who is friends with Eva agreed to inspect the car free of charge as a favor, and found many issues with the vehicle, one of which being multiple sticks jammed into the bottom of the car, supposedly to stop the rattling noise.

On Sundays and holidays, part of the avenue through the park is closed to traffic.
Half of the avenue cannot be accessed by vehicle on Christmas Day. 

More men attacked and Jon cut them down.
More people ran up with their swords drawn.

To a much lesser extent this analysis makes use of data from 717 business routes.
To a much lesser extent this analysis makes people go insane

And this is the morning after.
This is the morning after a one night stand.

One plus one there depended--or maybe there was no such thing as unity.
Before it had felt like unity was possible.

Red said, "Hey.
Red yelled, "Hey, where is down?"

Most spectacular of all, though, set in the eastern courtyard of the fourth enclosure, is the Sesharyar worship hall with eight carved pillars of rearing horses bearing proud warriors.
The Sesharyar worship hall boasts 8 carved pillars of brave warriors riding rearing horses. 

Soft SkySafe in Button-down Shirt Blue.'
Skysafe in button down shirts blue and green.

It's anybody's guess whether unmeasured productivity growth in the last few years is greater or less than in the past.
No one knows if unmeasured productivity is more than the 10% it was in the past.

But I never went after him.
I never followed him, said the investigator.

i don't know that i want to sit on a jury like that and you'd still you know i want ask some questions here
I think that important information is sometimes missed from trials.

Long Beach's rebirth as a tourist destination started in 1967, when the city purchased Cunard's former luxury liner, the Queen Mary.
The Queen Mary is over fifty feet long and is very heavy.

strictly your skill
The skill is hard to obtain.

For all his accomplishments, Herod was nevertheless hated by his subjects; he taxed, he tortured, and he ordered the massacre of male Jewish infants in an attempt to do away with the heralded Messiah.
Herod was, at one point, regarded as a kind and gentle leader.

(The exception here is phone sex, where the inspirational speech pretty much is the sex.)
Phone sex is an exception because it's not really sex bu it can still be cheating.

It is not easy under the best of circumstances--few diners actually want to be interrupted by politicians while chewing--but Forbes was still being followed by an enormous press contingent.
Forbes never got a moments rest from the public.

Sounds like everybody's goin' to have to set up a string an' ride hosses in rotation.
The horses need to be ridden in rotation. Then none will get too tired.

Scott Crocker, executive director of Kentucky Legal Aid, which serves western and southern Kentucky, said his office will lose about $260,000 out of a budget of about 2 million.
They are upset to be losing so much funding.

Something had to be done to their numbers.
They must lower the enemies numbers if they want to win.

White had another good shot at Lincoln, though- and this time he was aiming for the head.
White wanted to hit Lincoln in the head to kill him.

I can't in good conscience argue that you shouldn't field a team.
You fielding a baseball team is an idea I can't argue with. 

(The magazine's own take is more  There will be minor glitches but not wholesale societal collapse.)
The magazine predictably isn't too concerned with societal collapse.

so uh but really the when it when it gets uh nasty down here it's like a big huge fender bender parking lot so i just try
The parking lot itself is nasty

Economic multipliers of 2 to 3 are often used.
Multipliers are always needed. 

The Museum of the Ancient Orient (Eski Sark Eserleri Mezesi) displays objects from ancient Near and Middle Eastern civilizations, including Babylonian ceramic panels from the time of King Nebuchadnezzar (605 562 b.c. ), Hittite stone lions, and clay tablets bearing the earliest known examples of writing (2700 b.c. ), and the oldest recorded set of laws, the Code of Hammurabi (1750 b.c. ).
The Code of Hammurabi is the most popular attraction at the museum.

Natalia and I stood in the plywood corridor, outside our respective rooms.
We were not very impressed as we stood in the hall.

When Wallace was captured, the Scots looked for a new leader and discovered one in Robert the Bruce, grandson of the Robert de Brus rejected by Edward in 1292.
Robert the Bruce was a benevolent king who loved the Scots.

Without ongoing strong support, both in spirit and in action, of top-level program officials and legislative bodies, the chances for success in implementing the changes needed to address improper payments are slim.
Without strong support from the top level, success is unlikely for the small, weak entities.

You can easily spend a couple of hours strolling around the town looking at the fine mansions (50 or more) and the narrow streets of the medieval Jewish ghetto.
Medieval Jewish ghetto was first abandoned after the second world war.

and you know so he does this like everyday you know deals with this and he said you know you could pretty much if you sit on a jury know right now you could be sure that they will serve just about a quarter of whatever you give them you know
He has been experiencing these sentencings for years.

Gramma, the kids at school say that one day, the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences is going to come to your home and demand the return of the Oscar (TM) you won for Ghost , citing the poor quality of your performances in Eddie , The Associate , Boys on the Side and, to be perfectly honest here, Ghost . Is that true?
People don't think she should have won the oscar for Ghost.

The next generation saw a surge in intermarriage.
The generation to proceed them were impressed.

yeah the bonds we had some here in Arlington recently but
There were a couple of bonds up for vote in the past election.

Belatedly, Weld is trying to regain the moral high ground.
Weld is trying to restore his public image after losing the moral high ground.

Each floor is supported on columns diminishing from 84 at ground-level to four on the roof.
The columns were an integral part of the floors.

It won't, Tuppence assured him positively.
It is not possible, Tuppence told him.

But now there's only old Manning, and young William, and a new-fashioned woman gardener in breeches and such-like. 
There used to be many more but we are now left with Manning, William and the woman gardener.

Government Standard General Ledger (SGL) in order to provide uniform, reliable, and more useful financial information.
Government SGL was designed to be used by small entities.

The views are incomparable and the garden setting is exquisitely serene.
Relaxing in the garden is the best way to spend time here.

The tip of the dagger came in and it wasn't going to stop.
The dagger hit a bone.

Offices of the Malaysian Tourist Development Corporation in your home country can provide guidance to the most reputable companies .
The Malaysian Tourist Development Corporation has offices in every European and Asia country.

He pulled on his leather cloak, a gift from Ca'daan for the cooler climate of the town.
Ca'daan had given him a leather cloak to hide his weapons.

The proposed revisions fall into three  GAGAS framework, consistent application of the standards where applicable to the various types of audits, and strengthening or streamlining the standards.
The regulations are going to be revised next week.

It was a cushy way to be a patriot.
Killing Nazis was the comfiest way to be patriotic.

Orange County adjoins Los Angeles County to the south, but it has developed an altogether different identity.
Orange County has considered building an enormous wall to the people from Los Angeles out.

Bauer : Son of janitor.
Bauer is a man.

Legal services programs in Canada are about the same age as ours, and serve a similar client community.
Canada has better legal services than we so. 

Though there is not much to see at Century City it's worth noting that this complex of buildings was built on 180 acres (73 hectares) of what was once Twentieth Century Fox's enormous back-lot studio.
Fox has not had a large studio since they lost their backlot. 

In a town where spending time in traffic is to be avoided at all costs, one-stop shopping is essential.
The traffic should always be avoided because you will get stopped for hours.

GAO's Mission GAO examines the use of public funds; evaluates federal programs and activities; and provides analyses, options, recommendations, and other assistance to help the Congress make effective oversight, policy, and funding decisions.
The assistance is welcome to Congress.

For something less energetic, try powerboat parachuting (parasailing).
Parasailing affords a wonderful view of the city below.

At the south end of the square is the 14th-century Loggia della Signoria or dei Lanzi, transformed from the city fathers' ceremonial grandstand into a guardroom for Swiss mercenary Lands?­knechte.
The Loggia della Signoria gets a ton of visitors trying to view the Swiss mercenary Landsknecht.

Change is not the problem.
It's not changing that is the problem!

that's that's that's it a lot of the time i i was stationed in in Turkey for for a year and a half
I really missed home when I was stationed in Turkey.

Or maybe there's a simpler explanation.
There probably is an easier way of explaining why the water was green. 

But when more advanced techniques took over, most of us forgot it.
Most of us forgot because advanced techniques were too boring.

That they do so is inevitable.
They choose to do so for their own reasons.

The sombre bull-ring was hacked from solid rock for the Corrida.
The bull-ring took a long time to make.

I never quite figured out, for example, what the particular crisis was that left Hick worried that Eleanor would ditch FDR on the eve of re-election--although it's another tidbit to add to our Clinton-Roosevelt Parallels file.
Hick thought Eleanor was not in love with FDR.

Miss Aldonka finally noticed:
Miss Aldonka finally noticed and remarked on it.

Telephone, letter, and direct contact are all out of the question.
Only email can be considered possible.

The best-dressed Puerto Rican gentlemen wear these tailored, embroidered shirts for many occasions.
These tops are easy to find in New York City.

You can walk back to the center of town along the Corniche.
There are other ways to get to the center of town.  

As you go through the gate decorated with the arms of the Ceter?­cian order, you'll notice a niche for a guard dog below the staircase.
The gate used to be constantly guarded by a dog.

And like Clarissa herself, I didn't want the party to end.
The party is very fun and long.

Ah! I exclaimed. 
The person exclaimed in surprise. 

My guess is that life probably isn't all that rare and the origin of life probably wasn't all that improbable, Dawkins remarks.
Dawkins believes that there is other life in the solar system.

The centre is small and compact, perfect for strolling.
The centre is designed to inflate or deflate.

Evaluation weights assigned to RFP topics have been restructured to correspond with the modifications made to the RFP.
RFP topics are picked according to their importance and relevance.

Telecommunications Market
the broadband market

Large knobs protruded from under his skin along his collar bone and a small ridge lined his forehead.
He looked like an inhuman beast.

but uh i can i'm from California and i can remember being in uh in these earthquakes and i mean they were they were very minor kinds of things from my point of view and it seemed
I'm from California, I miss the earthquakes.

36 The SAVER Act also requires the Department of Labor to coordinate with similar efforts undertaken by other public and private organizations.
The SAVER Act requires the Department of Labor to work closely with private organizations.

Planning is not an end.
Planning is not crucial.

Italians didn't take easily to national government.
Italians could have been persuaded to like the government.

oh is that yours okay well and it's been nice talking to you
It's been nice talking with you, we haven't talked for a long time

Subsequently, on October 14, 1994, the rule for the Interim Detergent Program was published.
The Interim Detergent Program rule was published on October 14, 1994, as required by law.

These represent a new and a modified information collection that has been submitted to the Office of Management and Budget (OMB) for its review and approval.
The original information collection procedure was found to be deficient.

Restoring Social Security's long-term solvency will require some combination of increased revenues and reduced expenditures.
In addition, changes to the internal structure of Social Security would go a long way.

A suitable cure for your extended period underground is to go up 40 stories up to the top of Shin-Umeda Sky Building.
There is a nice view at the top of the Shin-Umeda Sky Building.

TDH administers more than 200 separate programs and operational units, including Medicaid.
Medicaid is the largest program that they handle/

They will come back quickly, Jon told San'doro.
Jon told San'doro that they'd be back from the store soon. 

i remember eating their pizza and they had put anchovies and all this on it i mean they piled it up
I like to eat a lot of anchovies.

as as we did and as we sold arms to  pardon me to Iraq when we wanted them to fight Iran and then uh and then it turned around and
As it turned out, this was a huge mistake.

Conversely, the rate of economic growth helps determine the overall federal surplus or deficit through its effect on federal revenue and spending.
Federal spending is declining.

Because states and EPA will have to find some way to significantly reduce NOx and SO2 emissions, it is probable that power generators will be required to reduce their emissions significantly.
Power generators are the best solution that the states have been able to come up with.

yeah he's good too
He is also good and is paid well.

and uh that was a uh a great shock for a lot of people
It shocked people from all disciplines in life.

Although agency officials may take notes as they review the draft, at the conclusion of the meeting, all copies of the draft report will be returned to GAO.
Gao doesn't trust anyone to keep draft copies 

We strongly disagree with this view.
We strongly disagree with this view, however, we agree with others.

Kingsolver's latest is hailed as a step forward in maturity and scope.
Kingsolver's latest album seems to be a step forward.

One of the most elegant Renaissance chateaux, Chenonceau and its famous long gallery are raised on arches to span the Cher river.
The most elegant Renaissance chateau is famous for being raised on arches to span a river.

yeah well you know there's a lot of competition in the media
There are many media outlets.

It's hard to imagine a faith more hostile to all idolatry, fierce in its uncompromising monotheism, and opposed to the caste system as Islam When sufi mystics or the emperor Akbar tried to create a synthesis between the two faiths, the orthodox on both sides resisted.
Islam jails anyone who works towards the caste system.

VBA incorporated these measures in the performance appraisals for senior executives in its regional offices where the majority of senior executives are located.
Senior executives receive performance appraisals twice a year. 

C'mon, tell me what happened with you.
I am able to help you.

(Recently, there has been a rush to fill the vacuum left by the antihistamine Seldane, which was yanked from the market after eight people died when Seldane reacted adversely with other drugs.)
Seldane left and created a hole for people who have terrible allergies.

4 million on voter guides promoting conservative candidates
5 million on voter guides promoting conservative candidates last year.

But the best way to evoke his memory is to drive out to the subject of his most famous landscapes, the Montagne Saint-Victoire, 14 km (9 miles) east of Aix on D10.
D10 usually has terrible traffic problems on weekday evenings.

  The Model assumes public and private companies seek the same return and have the same tax treatment, which overstates prices in areas where there are large amounts of public power.
The Modele is based off of several studies and focus groups towards public and private companies.

And in my view, justice was served.
The person was happy justice was served.

So strong was the illusion that she almost fancied she could make out the outline of a form… .
The form seemed to be familiar somehow, but she could not tell who it might be.

With precision of the fingers goes precision of the brain. 
He was playing the piano so well which proved he has a creative brain. 

As a guess, this fraction could easily be in the neighborhood of onequarter to one-eighth.
The fractions is potentially insufficient compensation.

Then you arrive at Grand-Riviyre.
You will get to the Grand-Riviyre in 2 hours.

investments that return business value in excess of costs) and whether they are investing in technology the right way.
The investments aren't always looked after properly even when they do return high business value.

You're not likely to find warriors willing to talk for free, much less fight for you, but the Warrior's Court is where those who swing swords reside.
Warriors will demand a lot of money.

While other problems might be affecting these less productive regions, the findings from the single site plus the trends were so convincing that SSA concluded the single instance examination had national implications.
Other problems like labor shortages might be affecting the less productive regions.

I'll go an' tell Sing."Drew, coffee mug in hand, sat down at a table where some of the breeze beat in the door now and then.
The mug was an old family heirloom, crafted in the old country.

How likely is it that life elsewhere will go through the same evolutionary leaps as life on Earth?
Life on earth is unique. 

I had two gripes.
Both complaints the speaker have relate to his health.

Retired employees do pay premiums, however, and the service cost to the employer entity is defined net of the actuarial present value of those future premiums.
Retired employees pay an average of £50 a month in premiums.

Farther east, Greenwood Great House was once the property of one of the wealthiest and most powerful colonial families in Jamaica.
The Greenwood Great House property spans a total of 140 acres.

These considerations explain why H-2A workers are the only category of nonimmigrants eligible for LSC-funded representation.
All the immigrants fall under the blanket of being eligible through LSC-funded representation.

They have no money for a lawyer.
They will take out a loan to pay for a lawyer.

you know it's not really all that that doesn't it's it isn't as good as some of the smaller ones you know that they get a zillion miles
The smaller ones are better for the environment than the bigger ones. 

For example, the financial services corporation provided competitive pay based on surveys of industry pay levels, attempted to maintain a challenging work environment, and provided flexible work schedules and telecommuting opportunities that allowed most of the staff to work at home 1 day a week.
The staff were happy with this arrangement.

they make nice carpet
I put some of it in my house a couple of years ago.

Also, a story asserts that the San Francisco 49ers' Steve Young is the best quarterback ever, statistically speaking.
Steve Young also believes that he is the greatest quarterback of all time.

And after the amazing experience of seeing history come to life, people would obviously want a souvenir.
People needed souvenirs when they went on vacation.

It's so attractive and so easy to reach that it's packed with sunbathers all summer long.
This is the mot desired area for sunbathers.

If anyone actually was inclined to light up a cigar after breakfast, he would have been breaking the NAM's no-smoking rule, according to an association representative (who, like another witness I talked to, saw no cigars).
There were no cigars.

i could not do either well enough i couldn't put in enough overtime that was necessary or that you know things that would come up at work that would require me to stay late or to come in early or to do something on Saturdays
After a while, I just stopped trying to please everybody.

These sensitivity calculations are conducted only for the Base Estimate and not for the Alternative Estimate.
The Alternative Estimate is within range of the Base Estimate.

right once you get into the border then there's a threat but what happens is you don't mess with us we won't mess with you but let's mess with the neutral countries
It is a tit-for-tat game, if you threaten us, we will fight back.

 Do you have a set menu?
The menus usually change at other places.

But then he called back and said that since he was now a pundit, he should write the piece about his ideas, rather than have me write about him.
Both of the writer's are working on a short novel.

you know i and and you know at a time when they're afraid of their shadow all they need is you know some skunk or something to rub up the outside of the tent they'd be awake all night
There's no way to avoid being easily spooked while camping.

Advocates say there'd still be reason to irradiate.
There are reasons to irradiate.

last night we went out and people we were with she uh had fajitas and she had this pepper on the plate and maybe she thought it was a sweet pepper but  it wasn't and she ate it and i was wondering why her eyes were watering
Her eyes started watering when she ate a habanero pepper. 

Mallorcan cultured (artificial) pearls, manufactured in Manacor , are exported in great numbers.
10,000 pounds of pears are exported from Mallorca each year.

of the potential damage that could be caused by the misuse of this information.
The potential damage that can be caused could wipe out the world as we know it.

Disney would have been better off letting the negative story run.
Dysney had more flack from shooting down the negative article than not.

I guess I'm ashamed to admit it, but I came over here determined to find her and fix it all up, and take her back as Mrs. Julius P.
I had hope that I'd find her, ask for forgiveness, and ask her to marry me.

Stunning  Americans now visit alternative-medicine practitioners more often than they visit family doctors.
As more people search for better care, USians are turning to alternative-medicine more regularly than they are visiting traditional western-style doctors.

Likewise, had Talmudic authors had the sanitary conditions of today, laws for keeping kosher might have been much less stringent or possibly omitted altogether.
Koster laws were not appreciated by Talmudic authors.

Another cut and the third man's intestines splashed to the ground.
After he fell, his horse ran away. 

The Turks adopted the Indian cuisine and costume as well as a modified form of the Hindu caste system.
The Indian costumes were worn by the Turks for a whole millennium.

The Congressional Budget Office (CBO) describes its projections as more tentative than usual because the increase in CBO's productivity growth assumption is based on data only for the past few years.
The CBO needs 10 more years of data to provide a more accurate assumption of productivity growth.

Some city attorneys disagree with her interpretation of evidentiary statutes when Zelon puts limits on their use of hearsay testimony.
Her interpretation of evidentiary statuses led to disagreements by some city attorneys, according to the news.

And as the happy experience of America under Bill Clinton has shown, it is quite possible to reduce the deficit and increase employment at the same time.
The deficit can be reduced by taking appropriate actions.

Lunch and dinner daily from 10am to 10pm.
They serve lunch and dinner each day for twelve hours straight.

so i think it makes for a more solid basis for them or i hope so at least
I think they will be able to start from there.

Before I came to the Spectator , I was an editor and writer at the Washington Times , the conservative paper controlled by the Rev.
I wrote at the Times for eleven years before the Spectator.

With the aid of EU funding, large, new tuna boats are being built to replace old stock.
The old boats were lost in a big typhoon.

And then ”he makes his slip. 
At this point his slip up led to his confession.

As in other Malaysian cities, the population is predominantly Chinese.
The city has a large number of Asian expats.

 The warlocks leaped back under the roof.
The warlocks leaped with high agility to the safety under the roof.

I have been dating a man who, unlike myself, still resides under the watchful eye of his parental unit.
I will encourage the man I am dating to move out of his parents' house.

unless the legislature will do something and they don't seem to
The legislature doesn't seem to do anything about the crime problem.

Best  DOD Training Can Do More to Help Weapon System Programs Implement Best Practices.
DOD training involves firearm care and safety in the war zone.

Iowa has landlord-tenant laws, but no state or county governing body regulates them, said Robb Goedicke, an attorney with Legal Aid Society of Polk County.
Robb Goedicke has been an attorney for five years.

From the shelter of the doorway he watched him go up the steps of a particularly evil-looking house and rap sharply, with a peculiar rhythm, on the door.
He always knocks on doors with a peculiar rhythm.

Based upon the discussion from sections 3.1 through 3.5, the total resources needed for a single 500 MWe plant and a site with seven 500 MWe plants is shown on Table 3-1.
A variety and abundance of resources is needed for just one 500 mwe plant. 

you could not
I do not advise you do that today.

A New York judge dropped charges against the Danish woman who had left her baby in a stroller outside a restaurant while dining.
A judge dropped the charge against them other who had left her baby outside because it was appropriate in her culture.

In the 1920s, Montparnasse took over from Montmartre as the stomping grounds of the capital's artistic colony, or at least of its avant-garde.
Montparnasse is still where the artistic colony is found.

For example, nothing in the LSC authorization language keys representation to when the cause of action arises or specifically requires that the alien be present when the representation commences.
LSC lawyers still routinely instruct their alien clients to be present whenever possible.

Then again, if the Times were to embrace the virtue of a Style section (or is that a vice?)
If the Style section were a vice, the Times would become virtueless.

But perhaps we could agree that David Schippers, the House Judiciary Committee Counsel, was wrong in his self-righteous pronouncement Lies are lies are lies.
David Schippers frequently lied during Judiciary Committee meetings.

oh right but uh i was i was just amazed there's this one place called CC's pizza
There's a place called CC's pizza, and that's neat.

Indeed, said the doctor, starting.
I agree, whispered the doctor, proceeding.

The interpretation of this increase is  It is not clear if the increase reflects an increased cost of outsourced engineering or simply the cost of increased intensity of engineering required by today's technologydriven projects and more sophisticated design and construction practices.
The interpretation of the decrease is unclear.

Relaxing, friendly dairy restaurant serving good pies, cr?ªpes, salads, and fish in a rustic old house.
The dairy restaurant serves lots of fresh foods including their famous salads.

plus the the uh  the vet sent me a bill for what he did and uh and then she recouped she was okay for a couple of years and then she got sick on me again and i brought her to a different vet this time and i told the vet what medication i had given her and everything and uh he gave me the medication the same medication that i gave her the last time and she was okay and she's been okay ever since it's been about two years now
The problems with her started when she was hit by a car.

not that i like reading but i do do a lot of reading while i'm here at school
I prefer to read at home on the lake.  

how often do you uh uh go out each week on your walking
I am hoping to get out at least three times a week to go for a walk.

Somehow I got the feeling, when reading The Microsoft Way , that I was reading about the greatness of the French army and its Maginot line in 1939.
The French army was well fortified.

The figures visually demonstrate the relationship between low postal density and/or low volume and high average unit costs
High postal volume justifies using robots to sort mail.

You should be in the hide by the afternoon and out again the next morning at around 9:30am.
It is a dangerous place.

Next time you happen to be alone with Lawrence Cavendish, I want you to say this to him. 
I want you to tell him that his fly is open.

Instead he was hammering down the packing and I had a couple of breaths.
I told him he should stop and treat himself to a latte.

um oh  i watch a lot of uh public we watch public television a lot Mystery and
Mystery shows are my favorite kind.

Sulloway contends that firstborn children are moralistic, eager to please their parents, and easily angered.
Sulloway contends that firstborn children are nearly always moralistic and far more eager to please their parents than their siblings. 

Why, just ask cook.
The cook knows the answer.

The two squares are separated by the 12th-century cathedral and 13th-century octagonal baptistery.
The 12th-century cathedral and 13th-century octagonal baptistery are color white and blue respectively. 

We'll be closer when we have two white reviewers, or a Korean and a Jew.
We need two more white reviewers to connect to our key demographic.

He wasn't the sort.
He was better than that sort.  

The curved facade, an original version of a Neo-classical design, somewhat curtails the effect of the church's most superlative feature, its extraordinary dome.
The extraordinary dome is shaped like a rainbow.

This rule implements section 112(r) of the Clean Air Act Amendments of 1990, which mandates that EPA promulgate regulations and develop guidance to prevent accidental releases to the air from stationary sources and mitigate the consequences of such releases by focusing prevention measures on chemicals that pose the greatest risk to the public and the environment.
They wanted to make sure they were keeping the air as clean as they could.

Twice he was closeted with Mr. Wells. 
He had private things to say to Mr Wells.

Employee Perspectives OPM's regulations recognize that an agency's people are vital assets and people achieve organizational goals and results.
People are the main organizational assets.

 "To break a foal!
The foal knew it was going to break.

oh it sounds good
It's gonna be delicious.

and uh that's what really makes it look professional you can do a lot with the Serger though you can make uh piping and cording and uh you can use all kinds of different uh textures of thread
You can use many different thread textures.

Inside, the octagonal cenotaph-chamber contains the ceremonial marble coffins of Mumtaz-Mahal and also Shahjahan, while, as was the custom of that time, the actual bodies are entombed in another chamber directly below.
The actual bodies were thought too spiritual to be placed in the coffins.

You'll find thick knitwear pullovers, hats, and gloves at many shops in the mountains.
The clothing at shops in the mountains are heavily overpriced for tourists.

In addition, board members have a responsibility to educate themselves about the company's operations and plans and to seek advice of external experts, when and as appropriate.
Although they are supposed to, board members almost never ask for advice. 

There's a sore on his right pinky finger, a raw spot, flesh rubbed off to blood against the oak, from where he was clawing the chair.
The sore may be cause from the rough material of the chair.

buy a  buy a buy a used car sure
Sure, buy a used car, that is good for your budget. 

right right not the right the things i know how to do i i'm not an expert i don't claim to be
I'm not an expert when it comes to baking.

uh i thought it a good idea too though would be to extend this and make people that are accepting public welfare have to do something along this line before they got any money
Other people will like the idea.

A splendid 17th-century chateau and gardens designed by Le Vau, Le Netre, and Le Brun for Louis XIV's finance minister, Fouquet.
There are lots of roses in the garden.

however, we did not independently verify the accuracy of that information.
We should always verify information.  

She sat there meekly with downcast eyes whilst Mr. Whittington sorted and rustled amongst his papers.
After Mr. Whittington yelled at her to be quiet she sat there meekly while he organized his papers.

The unguent helped, but it wasn't enough.
The unguent soothed the burning sensation on his skin, but not the dull pain.

Given That Experts Disagree About Whether Retirement
Experts have taken on approximately three camps on the issue, most vehemently disagreeing on the influence of pensions and medical care programs. 

Her volubility, which I remembered of old, had lost nothing in the intervening years, and she poured out a steady flood of conversation, mainly on the subject of the forthcoming bazaar which she was organizing and which was to take place shortly. 
She enjoyed organizing the forthcoming bazaar.  

VA clearly indicated in both the interim rule and the final rule the amendments to the previous adjudication regulations necessitated by the Supreme Court decision in Brown, 115 S.Ct.
VA and NC indicated in both the interim rule and final rule for the amendment.

In another ten minutes, we were racing down the park and along the high road to Tadminster. 
Racing down the road to Tadminster was a common activity among my peers.

Alcohol concentration
The concentration of alcohol in the blood sample.

well it won't be too much longer because my husband and i are both going to retire retire and when we retire we're going to buy us a you know a new one and and get rid of the two that we have right now
Once we don't need two cars, we'll get a new one. 

Egyptians revered the strong and patient creatures and Kom Ombo is dedicated to Sobek, the crocodile god.
Sobek was considered a minor god by the Egyptians.  

The election could just as easily be a contest among several candidates--such as Bob Kerrey, Bill Bradley, Tom Daschle, and Gore--all of them trying to emulate Clinton's flight on both wings.
The election is for the presidency seat.

He smiled a slow cruel smile.
He enjoyed the thought of his plans finally succeeding.

Our objectives were to (1) identify and describe the practices most helpful to successfully implementing GPRA and related results-oriented management initiatives and (2) provide case illustrations of federal organizations that have made progress in implementing each practice.
First and foremost, our main objective was to identify and describe practices helpful to implementing GPRA.

Here, the felucca (Nile sailboat) pilots gather, trying to sell an afternoon or sunset trip on their graceful craft, and Nile Cruisers lie several abreast, disgorging their passengers for tours or shopping trips.
The sailboats were for relaxation but sometimes also for trade.

Maybe four minutes?
A little less than five minutes.

I suppose you can give me no idea to whom these letters were addressed?"
The letters were addressed in ambiguous manner.

At the far end of Inns Quay is the site of the first bridge across the Liffey, which was built in 1214.
Inns Quay is not often visited by tourists.

SERVICE - An intangible product or task rendered directly to a customer.
The services were vital to the customers.

The 20 rooms are arranged in chronological order, grouping artifacts from each site.
The first room covers objects from the 5th-century BC.

Is that all? The cashier asked after scanning all the items, and before Balbina could answer, began to recite from memory:
Cashier had very good memory about all things, so reciting things like that was an easy task for him.

Figure 10 shows both total electricity consumption and the fossil fuel consumption used in the generation of electricity for the year 2010.
They were trying to show that it has been increasing over time.

it really is uh the only problem i have with gun control is that they the radicals wanna ban all kinds of weapons and then the only people carrying guns are gonna be be the people who are gonna kill you anyway
People who want to get guns get them anyway, because they know the black market.

yeah that's where i was fortunate i'm a i'm a technician and we had a vocational um electronics in our high school
I took several vocational training classes in high school.

hello i think something's wrong with this i hope it's recording
It is important that this is recording what I am saying.  

A Primer on the Economics and Time Series Econometrics of Wealth Effects, Finance and Economics Discussion Series Paper No.
The primer contains discussion about money.

In addition to asserting his authority over this region, the temples were also used for the storage of gold and other precious cargos carried by caravan from central Africa.
He rules a very rich nation. 

and that's an oil base on the bottom and then a water base
The oil is on top of the water because it's hungry.

Won't This Hurt Tony Blair's Feelings?
Won't Tony Blair not agree with this?

Yet, in public discussion of youthful suicide, we're often unwilling to trace it to such causes and try to place blame elsewhere--on television, music, movies.
There are other reasons to blame for youthful suicide, besides media.

uh-huh well i saying through my bank they they since they have their own card they don't like to give advances through other for other cards
I have too many credit cards that are no longer active.

They had sent the beard, as directed, to "L. 
They had sent the beard for delivery just after noon.

things like that that you don't need heavy equipment for
things like fixing the brakes that don't require heavy equipment

These reasons, which have also discouraged other headquarters units, include the airlines' refusal to establish separate official and personal travel accounts for employees, employees' reluctance to participate, administrative burdens and costs, and limited savings.
The reasons included not being able to bring one's cat onto the plane.

Until recently, no well-controlled intervention studies have addressed whether interventions in emergency settings would reduce alcohol consumption and consequences.
The studies show that the results can be positive.

 She came in for a one-point landing a couple of yards away.
A one point landing involves using only one piece of landing gear.

that would make me nervous
Walking alone at night would make me nervous.

If there are any problems in town, Don Lorenzo Sierra, here, is the alcalde and they must be referred to him."The captain favored Rennie with a last glare and was gone.
The captain was a good man, but a bad husband.

When I look at you I feel it's almost a pity I've enabled you to cheat the hangman." The man snarled, and the bearded man said quietly: "He would have run no risk of that."
When I look at you I wish I could hand you over for execution.

But I don't believe that.
But I think it is not true at all.

The hostage game will be played out by then.
The results of the hostage game will be processed by then.

Although it would be gratifying if mutual loathing of Disney brought about a Middle East peace.
Peace is yet to be achieved in the Middle East.

Don't worry about defending against him.
Don't worry about blocking his strikes.

no but i knew people i was there before that but i knew people i got a letter from a friend of mine that i had met there that who who the apartment building was destroyed and they were living in a tent so it's kind of weird you know because these were people he was on the US dive the Mexican diving Olympic pool he'd go watch them dive and all this so they were you know just normal people weren't squatters or poor people or anything that um i did i knew all of my friends there but none of them that i know of got killed in it but um they're all Christians though  God really protected them see that broke out a revival in Mexico City that CBS new s and ABC never told you about there's been a real revival in Mexico City since that earthquake because there's a lot of man there's a lot of sin in those nations and a lot lots of witchcraft a lot of witchcraft a whole lot of witchcraft
The lack of religious observance in Mexico City provoked God into sending the earthquake.

and they have a a problem their their whole attitude um i i'm not sure which crop it was but they had a crop that rotted in the fields because they couldn't get anyone to harvest it
They are not sure they will be able to keep the farm going.

A little known secret is that a standing ticket (usually around US$12) actually gives you the run of the  you can move around freely, sit in unoccupied seats, and even enjoy the action from the ringside until the actual ticket-holders arrive later on.
Standing tickets are cheap and more comfortable for people who like to move about.

programs' cost and schedule, to improve the quality of weapon systems once fielded, and to deliver new capability to the war fighter faster.
The weapons system needs to be upgraded.

And there Fish more or less stops.
This section of the river is where the salmon swim into the ocean.

The Net, though celebrated as a libertarian institution, can also be the opposite.
The Net has views that may not be Libertarian at certain times.

A new study by Colorado Legal Services, the first of its kind in the Rocky Mountain region, says such migrant workers at farms statewide are regularly exposed to hazardous pesticides in violation of federal laws.
Colorado Legal Services found migrant workers are often poisoned.

While facing the challenges of an ever-growing population that may outnumber even that of China by the beginning of the next century, India remains the largest democracy and one of the top ten industrial powers in the world.
India is one of the top six industrial powers in the world.

Yes, the two sides were killing each other- but there was no way for me to get out of the way.
I couldn't figure out how to sneak out of the fight.

so yesterday i went to uh a spa i belong to a private spa and went in and and got with a trainer and uh he checked body fat content and we set up a program for me to work on and i went back tonight also
The trainer at my private spa is going to continue to work with me on my program.

HUD published a proposed rule on July 21, 1994.
HUD proposed two rules in July.

I don't suppose that everyone is like that.
I doubt everyone is a lying liar who lies. 

The mosque and tomb were erected on the bed of sand that covered the temple and now sit five m (20 ft) or so above the excavated floor level.
The temple was completely destroyed by all the sand.  

well they have these there these real like real strict laws you know they have to hose down the streets like every every other day or something
They have to wash the streets at least once a week.

In no significant way does that comment differ from a no comment.
Saying "Pass" is the same as "no comment."

More sedate is Marineland, west of Palma at Costa d'En Blanes, featuring dolphins, performing parrots, and sea lions.
Marineland has a petting zoo.

The Evening and Morning Drawing Rooms (originally the Presence Chamber and the Privy Chamber) were designed to meet visiting dignitaries and are splendid in their detail; the oak-paneled ceiling is superbly decorated.
The oak-paneled ceiling is superbly decorated and is color red.

They would tell you it was rifles and pistols that won the war but it isn't true.
The war was won with swords.

On the other hand, I am (problematically) 31, balding, British, and bitter.
Even though I am balding, I receive many dating requests.

Orientalism and Culture and Imperialism are unquestionably incendiary, but they are also permanent and exemplary works of late-20 th -century criticism, in no small part because they invite so much argument, because for all the intellectual authority they project they remain open, vulnerable, provisional.
Imperialism is the main cause of the arguments.

The survey also found that although 59 percent of the centers had substance abuse counselors, only 5 percent used screening questionnaires to identify patients with alcohol use problems.
Most centers care more about cannabis addiction than alcohol abuse.

Other footsteps echoed behind them.
They heard twenty footsteps behind them. 

England was saved! 
England had come too close to total distraction.

so there's where the money goes
The money goes down the drain and is wasted. 

Incorporated an initial regulatory flexibility analysis of the expected impact on small entities.
The report from the GAO also looked at the impact on small entities.

A scenic but rather narrow road skirts Soufriyre's cone and the Carbet falls on the other side of the volcano.
The volcano is currently inactive.

um-hum um it the are they silver or
Are the earrings silver?

Well, my friend, you have seen the finger-marks ”it remains to tell you the particular object on which they had been left."
And they speak to you, they tell you something.

yeah i i cast a ways i'm not highly proficient but it's fun
I kind of like it, but I could be better.

It may not work, but I've always gone by the rule If someone offers you a Tic-Tac, take it.
Tic-Tacs are the most popular breath mint.

the deal the Iraqi's have with the Russians was for oil
The Russians made an oil deal with the Iraqis to help their economy.

The sound made Ca'daan wince and when he saw the horrible angle of the twisted arm he felt bile rise in his throat.
He had a weak stomach.

Royal Chitwan National Park is 932 sq km (358 sq miles) of magnificent first-growth trees the tall hardwood sal, the kapok silk-cotton tree, and the flame-of- the-forest with their spectacular crimson February flowers, plus ferns, bamboo, and huge vines that choke trees to death like pythons.
The park was created by an international committee dedicated to preserving Earth's most magnificent natural locations.

and they found the boy and the boy had been unharmed but they were trying to sell him you know they were trying to sell the baby or the boy and he's three years old they were trying to sell him on the black market
They had started making deals on the black market for selling the boy.

  Decision papers, memoranda, or other records of
Memoranda can include merchandise, letters or personal objects.

a productive member of society But sadder than that he may never be able to have a normal happy life because it has strung him out so that he has anxieties now that are are almost uncontrollable i mean he he puts himself in the hospital fairly regularly thinking that you know he he's not sure if he's going try to commit suicide or not
Heroin has stopped him from leading a normal life because it has strung him out so bad.

not really yeah really well that's pretty wild we yeah we used it for fleas we had fleas in our yard real bad last year and we did that um i just i'm not basically i like to mow the lawn believe it or not but i sometimes have problems starting the mower so a lot of times i don't get out and do it but my husband basically does most of it and he does the you know edging and all that kind of thing and we're renting and so we don't really put a lot of money into the uh you know this like this lawn could probably stand a couple of loads of dirt and some Saint Augustine we just we have winter rye out back and we have i don't even know what it is out front but um we this is the first house we've ever lived in and we're just not real into the lawn probably because we rent i guess huh but anyway
If we owned we would care more about the lawn.

Once a company buys that software, it is less likely to switch content providers.
There are times when the company wants to switch content providers.

They all declared unanimously that it was certainly not his hand-writing, and gave it as their view that it might be that of the prisoner disguised. 
The handwriting was similar to the prisoners.

First reported last fall, the epidemic has devastated the entire collection.
The viral epidemic devastated the entire art collection.

would you would you agree with that
Would you be in the same boat?

There was a man I shot once in Arizona   he began cheerfully.
I killed a man in Arizona before, he began with pleasure.

There are also water sports galore if you have the energy.
Some of the water sports available include jet skiing, windsurfing, and bodyboarding.

In 1998, Congress passed legislation intended to address concerns from private-sector entities about exposure to legal liability and antitrust law violations that might arise due to sharing information on Year 2000 readiness.
Congress changed legislation to help the businesses.

Wonder what they's doin', hittin' town now.
Wonder what they are getting up to in the town center now.

Popular traditional themes are Cycladic figures (especially on the Cyclades islands) or pottery with scenes taken from ancient Greek frescoes or mosaics.
The traditional themes are reproduced on many urns and tapestries.

 critical design reviews that are supported by completed engineering drawings and production decisions that are supported by reliability testing and statistical process control data.
Critical design reviews are supported by engineering drawings and product decisions, but there needs to be more.

Looking north from the high ground of the Old Town, the first street you can see is Princes Street.
Princes street is the street that cuts through the entirety of the location, and thus it makes sense that it is visible from most locations.

Today, judges from all levels, including Chief Justices of state Supreme Courts, speak out about the need for quality legal services for poor Americans and work with us to try to respond to the problems that are being presented to the United States justice system as a whole as the number of self-represented litigants grows exponentially.
The problems in America will be reduced with better legal services.

(Click for a comparison of passages that the historians considered most damning.)
The passages included phrases from lost books of the Bible, as well as simple pornographic drawings of dicks with oddly protruding eyes. 

'You could try to be a little more impressive, you know.
You've been horribly boring and awful all night, couldn't you try to at least show some kind of effort of being impressive rather than showing that you don't care about this event at all?

yeah it'd seem like they'd want to just to uh get some shade and keep their houses a little bit cooler in the summer
They want to reduce their electricity costs but keep their houses cooler.

Instead, consider buying everything you want as you go along, using Japan's remarkably efficient and inexpensive takkyubin courier delivery services (available at the ubiquitous convenience stores) to forward your larger purchases to your hotel, where they will be waiting for you on your return to Tokyo or elsewhere.
Japan has a very expensive service where people send food to you directly as well as feed you.

She hardly needs to mention it--the media bring it up anyway--but she invokes it subtly, alluding (as she did on two Sunday talk shows) to women who drive their daughters halfway across the state to shake my hand, a woman they dare to believe in.
She rarely needs to mention it since the media will bring it up anyway, she invokes it subtly in order to seem classy.

 Jon pointed at Susan.
Jon pointed Susan out to someone else.

Got any coffee, Fowler? 
Fowler, do you have Starbucks coffee?

But more recently, the bloom has gone from the ESOP rose, and last year Avis was sold to HFS, which also owns Howard Johnson, Days Inn, and Century 21.
ESOP are not attractive because the fees are so high.

if you see people who are severely injured it's very very badly they lose control of body functions they thrash around they scream you know uh it's just a very very bad thing and they never present that even the movies that want to show violence as real they don't really show you what happens with that real violence
No movie shows violence as it really happens in real life. 

When the church was consecrated, his body was laid to rest within the walls.
He was buried in a place of honor at the center of the church.

I've been looking for you, I remarked untruthfully. 
I was far too lazy to bother looking for him, assured that he would pop up sooner or later.

Press reports have portrayed Gargan as the Body's man.
Gargan and Body were very close.

Then climb (even higher! )
Then climb to the top.

The theme changes each year.
Themes are repeated every 5 - 10 years.

She was a mother and thirty-three years old, and it seemed to her that everyone, especially someone the baker's age--a man old enough to be her father--must have children who'd gone through this special time of cakes and birthday parties.
She had three children, the oldest of which was ten.

make it right um-hum
Make it right with him.

Although merger discussions continued among the four programs, in March 2000 two of the programs did not vote in favor of the merger plan, and therefore the plan moved forward with only two  Legal Services Organization of Indiana, Inc. and Legal Services of Northwest Indiana, Inc.
Among the four programs, merger discussions continued and 2 of the programs did not vote in march 2000 because they didn't believe the merger plan would fix anything.

Adrin threw his elbow over the entwined blades in front of him and smashed it in his opponent's temple.
Adrin knocked his opponent over after hitting him in the head.

3 These definitions largely agree for dependence, but not for abuse.
Doctors in the ED often find people that are dependent on alcohol but are not abusing it.

and i've got to remember uh you know on this election i'm in this district in this election i'm for here and uh you know this precinct votes here
This district always votes for the same party.

10 It was noted that although the Senate authorized about $750 million for the SEC for fiscal year 2003, an amount that the Senate believed would be sufficient to implement provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley legislation to restore investor confidence, the Office of Management and Budget only proposed a funding level of about $500 million.
In many cases, the cost of project increase after the initial agreement.

Exactly a week after the tragedy?
About 170 hours after the tragedy.

uh and the kids really spend more time at school or with a babysitter then they do with their parents
The kids really like to spend time with the babysitter.

Me has a charming outdoor cinema festival, Cinema a la Fresca, near Parc des Freginal, during August and September.
The outdoor cinema festival shows films from a range of genres.

You think he'd get after her? 
He is going after her to giver her a big ol' hug.

Many of the numerous caves hereabouts (from which the town takes its name) are inhabited by local gypsies.
Gypsies are forced to live in these caves due to high local housing prices.

No. 20 did you say?" And he winked.
He was all too familiar with No. 20.

'We're not on the same side.'
In addition to them not being on the same side they were also on opposing teams.

Do you really think I want a hue and cry for murder out after me? 
I'm innocent, but I can't deal with the stain of suspicion.

Had he found a trail which led him in this direction?
Had this trail led him to safety?

Jane Friedman, Katrina van den Heuvel (her dress had literally no back; she looked fabbelus !), Salman (you must say Salman, I have heard, and how many writers have achieved first-name status in our time?
Salman is a very famous and well-respected writer.

The GOP's identity crisis over engagement is almost comic.
The GOP did not like to be mocked.

An undulating coastal highway completely encircles this mountainous and densely forested island, but it's much too long a trip to make comfortably in one day.
The trip is too long for one day.

damp cold warm
the water ranges from cold to warm 

San'doro pulled him down and tore him open.
San'doro pulled down his opponent and slashed at his abdomen, cutting him open.

Then why see her? Tommy paused.
Tommy didn't understand why she should be seen.

Then the full 9th Circuit overruled its own justices in the state's favor, agreeing with the state's contention that the clients weren't harmed because the interest wouldn't be earned otherwise.
The 9th Circuit reversed the ruling handed down by the member from Washington state earlier that year.

I think humans and computers are compatible.
I think that computers will be an important part of the future for humans.

This mail is sent by households to non-households and includes mainly payments made to utility and credit card companies as well as orders placed or payments made in response to advertising.
The main use of the mail is to pay bills.

Dressed in a cotton cowl, Ca'daan watered his horse and waited for the heat of the day to pass.
Ca'daan was forced to give his horse water.

Soon to go on view in the archaeological park are reconstructed houses from various periods, including Canaanite dwellings built 5,000 years ago.
Canaanite houses look so good that's why they decided to reconstruct them for tourists.

Nossa Senhora da Piedade (Our Lady of Piety) was originally founded just after the island's discovery during the early- to middle-15th century.
The first thing settlers wanted to do was establish Nossa Senhora da Piedade.

oh oh sounds like that young one wants some attention
Looks like the young one wants attention because he is really pestering her.

Just a few kilometers north of Brockhole, at the northern tip of Lake Windermere, Ambleside is one of the major towns of the region.
The town of Ambleside is five kilometres away from Brockhole. 

Are they appropriate?
Is it ok for kids?

2) No, he's been campaigning for months.
He's been campaigning for a long time because he wants the position.

yeah in fact i think you can even uh order a magazine that keeps you up to date every day of what happened on every particular soap in case you miss it
I have never read the soap opera magazine because I never miss my show. 

Table 3: Examples of BLM's, FHWA's, IRS's, and VBA's Employee Perspective Expectations for Senior Executive Performance
There is a table depicting too much information.

you know and it was just it was done so well you know it was just
It couldn't have been done better.

Deng's successors broadly favor cooperation, but lack the late paramount leader's dominating influence.
Deng had dominating influence that he cultivated through fear.

Rue Yvonne le Tac leads to the base station of a funicular railway.
there is a railway station at the end of Rue Yvonne le Tac.

Jon stepped out and shot him in the face.
Jon turned and walked away.

um i had a Ford Escort with about ninety five thousand miles on it and the engine was shot um i i think the problem was uh the head gasket needed to be replaced and um but nobody would do just the head gasket everybody wanted to overhaul the engine entirely
My Ford Escort had ninety five thousand miles, needed an engine check up, and an oil change.

Auditors may meet this requirement by listing file numbers, case numbers, or other means of identifying specific documents they examined.
There are ten means of identifying specific documents.

Implementation will require increasing emergency department physicians' knowledge in order to increase confidence in screening skills and to dispel myths about the futility of treatment.
Most emergency department physicians think that treatment is futile.

Only we run into trouble.
It is only them who run into trouble because they don't follow rules.

Tommy took to his heels and ran none too soon.
Tommy knew that if they caught him he'd be in trouble.

In Scenario D, the cost estimates are $8.
Scenario D involves manufacturing the product out of a plastic material, rather than metal.

and they offer uh a lot of uh opportunity to go to school
Going to school is a big step for many people.

Most bicycles are now sold to adults, all too often wearing ill-advised spandex pants.
 Most bikes sold in America are purchased for adults.

The End of History , by Francis Fukuyama
Francis Fukuyama loved The End of History.

The first knowledge point occurs when the customer's requirements are clearly defined and resources-proven technology, design, time, and money-exist to satisfy them.
When the customer's requirements are clearly defined and resources-proven technology exists to satisfy them, occurs the first knowledge point, according to the TV.

Dublin excels in packaging its past for the visitor.
Dublin's 500 year history is on display for tourists.

Certainly, monsieur. 132 But, on the following day, no sign of Poirot. 
The day before they saw Poirot.

You can give me milk and spinach.
I would enjoy milk and spinach please.

Helpful guides take you down the long corridors and through the most interesting rooms.
The guides can take you where you want to go.

They're nearly all Mrs. or Miss." Tommy nodded.
Their names are usually Mrs.

It's a phase some kids go through.
Sucking their thumb is a phase children go through. 

all my years of devotion go for nothing." Poirot nodded sympathetically. 
Poirot knew what he was going through.

5 percent with respect to comparable workers in the private sector.
Workers in the public sector make an average of 5% more than those in the private sector. 

Originally, these provisos permitted the use of LSC funds for legal assistance to an alien if the alien was a resident of the United States and fell within one of the permissible alien categories, all of which required that an alien was in lawful status.
Many people that aren't legal citizens come to the LSC for legal help. 

and then the United States has this attitude by saying you know thank you for keeping us our freedom and stuff like that and i think it's all independent because it's it has nothing to do with the United States you didn't gain anything from it
Most people didn't gain anything.

The Texan swiped soap from his cheek.
The Texan wiped Dove soap off his face. 

The windows of such department stores as Wako and Mitsukoshi are works of art.
The only two department stores worth visiting are Wako and Mitsukoshi.

yeah well i can understand that it's it's that time of the year uh we just uh my wife and i just recently moved into our house so we're
My wife and I moved into our new house a week ago.

Auditors should use cost models to look for discrepancies with the cost and schedule estimates established for an acquisition.
Cost estimates are usually too low while schedule estimates tend to be overly optimistic.

Check weather conditions from the tourist information office in Funchal, then double-check at the pousada when you get there.
Weather changes quickly here so it's best to double-check the weather.

The second section addresses the same topics in connection with Negotiated Service Agreements (NSAs), so-called niche classifications, which are special service and rate arrangements negotiated between the Postal Service and a particular mailer or groups of mailers with features tailored to their use of the postal system.
The third section covers welfare and education programs.

The NEA is alive, but it's on life support.
The NEA is set to shut down next month.

The researchers are selected through peer review procedures.
The researchers are selected through Skype.

UNCONTROLLABLE COST - The cost over which a responsible manager has no influence.
A cost that a manager can control is called a controllable cost. 

The aim is for one wrestler to force the other out of the ring or to make him touch the floor with anything other than his feet.
The wrestlers cannot hit their opponent with a closed fist.  

Buddhists account for 18 percent of the population.
There is a higher percentage of Sikhs than Buddhists.  

Unstructured play encourages independent thinking and allows the young to negotiate their relationships with their peers, but kids ages 3 to 12 spent only 12 hours a week engaged in it.
The children were of any sex and gender, and were observed playing in multiple situations; this could include a sandbox, jungle gym, or trampoline play setting. 

uh i know
I've always known that.

Leonardo's obsession with swirling water--which found scientific expression in the Codex
Codex explains how swirling water changes on different sides of the world.

The simple columned structure marking the spot where Theresa fled as a youngster already consumed with religious visions is secondary to the location.
Religious visions made Theresa run to Tibet.

In effect, they believe the LTCM story is mainly an updated version of what happened to the savings and loans, in which government guarantees underwrote an era of high-rolling risk-taking.
They are correct to think that history will repeat itself.

So I can't help you.
I have limits on what I can do.

The British, under the private auspices of the East India Company (EIC), were beginning to poke their noses into North Borneo.
The British East India Company moved into North Borneo looking to increase the spice trade.

You've been entertaining a celebrity unawares, I replied. 
You had no idea I was a celebrity, did you?

4 The DSM insults the victims of traumas and societal injustice by calling their problems mental disorders, thus implying that the victims are wacko and have brought their problems on themselves.
The victims had no choice when they get help but to get classified as such, even though they were served injustice and had no part to play in their situation.

and so they they they they don't no it's not firing first it's uh definitely try to encourage people to rehabilitate in fact they again before you go you know that's that's why i said when they first started it they had a rehabilitation program in effect that said if you worried about this and if you may have taken drugs go ahead and and get rehabilitated first and and and they won't even say anything about it you know oh sure
There were a few people last year who went into a rehabilitation program.

no hadn't heard of them
What is it? 

and uh but when i got married  and had children and everything it seems like i keep all my activity just chasing around fulfilling my obligations so i haven't done a lot of uh exercise on purpose what about you
Before I got married and had children, I used to exercise daily.

In hot weather, the locals drink it with ice.
The locals get warm in the sunny weather.

My mind is in some disorder, which is not well." For about ten minutes he sat in dead silence, perfectly still, except for several expressive motions of his eyebrows, and all the time his eyes grew steadily greener. 
He didn't speak for a while, then started yelling.

It is merely a note asking me to call upon her this morning, as she wanted my advice on a matter of great importance."
The important matter that they are asking for is how to kill vampires.

Jon knelt to Susan.
Jon knelt down to Susan and whispered in her ear. 

There's nobody to put Mr. Brown wise." 172 The lawyer shrugged his shoulders.
Mr. Brown's fly has been down all afternoon and nobody will tell him.

But this huge wealth is juxtaposed with abject poverty, epitomized by women carrying bricks on their heads to build luxury apartments, and sackcloth hovels on construction sites.
The women will make barely enough to feed their families.

Amy Hill, shop assistant, was next called, and deposed to having sold a will form on the afternoon of the 17th to William Earl, under-gardener at Styles. 
Amy Hill worked most afternoons in the stationery stop.

Ut's photo is of a crowded highway winding eternally through hell, and it won't let you go.
The photo shows what hell would be like. 

At follow-up, it is the non-students and students with more severe problems who are more likely to improve.
Most of the people with severe problems are non-students.

Under Federal accounting concepts, it is not considered to be part of the Government-wide reporting entity.
Federal concepts are well described 

I figured out early on that I could work around the clock and still meet only a fraction of the need, Schwartz said.
I knew that I could work long hours and not finish all of the reports.

well that's good that you have the savings to get into
He always was good at saving money.

To estimate the cost of a post using the model, it is necessary to take into account labor cost differences between the U.S.
Labor in the U.S. is much cheaper than in some other countries.

Newsweek berates NATO for its obfuscation of civilian casualties.
Newsweek publicly calls NATO out for covering up more than 2000 civilian casualties.

Interest (unless classified elsewhere), dividends, and rents (except for mineral rights) on Government property.
Mineral rights have separate regulations and rules than other rents on government property.

And when your notebook reboots, show me that copypaste one more time.
The notebook will reboot and then you can show me how to copypaste on the word processor.

It houses galleries of traditional and contemporary Asian art as well as a Chinese courtyard garden.
The courtyard garden contains a life size statue of a dragon.

In response to an increasingly competitive job market, federal agencies will need the tools and flexibility to attract, hire, retain, and reward topflight talent.
Federal agencies are keen when it comes to keeping the best people on the job.

But the oilskin packet was missing! 
Someone had stolen the oilskin package!

really i don't know that
Truly, I didn't know she had lost the game.

uh-huh best friends now yes
They're best friends and are together every day.

A mean boss named Biff routinely yelled hurtful things at me when I wrote indulgent, fat code, because his bosses wanted programs to load and work quickly.
The boss was mean and verbally abusive to me, but I stayed anyway.

She said that the prevalence of alcohol problems was higher than other risk factors.
She said alcohol problems were 20% more likely than other risk factors.

Its construction for the World's Fair of 1889 was an astounding engineering achievement ' 18,000 pieces joined together by 2,500,000 rivets, soaring 300 m (984 ft) into the air but standing on a base that is only 130 m (1,400 ft) square.
Outside of painting it, minimal maintenance has been required on the tower.

Similar diagnoses and prescriptions appear in later inaugurals.
The diagnoses and prescriptions related to PTSD. 

The most impressive and important are listed below.
The list is long. 

For 49 days he resisted demons and temptresses, and became truly Enlightened Buddha as he is called today.
Buddha underwent the typical and traditional trials to achieve enlightenment.

is it cayenne pepper you mean
Do you mean cayenne pepper for that recipe?

Evaluation Synthesis.
The evaluation synthesis is important.

To the east, the grand Byzantine citadel of Ravenna dominates the seaside resorts lining the Adriatic.
The resorts pale in comparison to the size and majesty of the Grand Byzantine citadel.

McNeill does not mention this, but it is true.
McNeill doesn't mention that true fact about immigration.

That Further Notice does anticipate an information collection and invites comments from the general public and the Office of Management and Budget.
Information collection and comments are used to improve services.

but you're right it it that that is a funny rule at least uh
You're right, that rule about street crossings is hilarious.

The Act covers programs for both unclassified and national security systems, but exempts agencies operating national security systems from OMB oversight.
Another agency is responsible for oversight of these agencies.

Bork was immovable.
Bork could not be moved, even though they tried.

(Click for more on the U.S. role in that restriction.)
Clicking on this will redirect you to the restriction regarding U.S role.

John's Music Page.
John has a page for the music he writes.

The imposing Palacio do Governo Regional, a handsome building with tiled patios and the administrative headquarters of Madeira, rises behind the Zarco monument to the right.
The Palacio do Governo Regional is often photographed for its tiled patios.

You haven't really proposed now, pointed out Tuppence.
Tuppence pointed out, "You have not really asked me to marry you so you had best get to it."

i get the Times Herald just to balance that out a little bit
I like to get my news from a variety of sources.

In the affidavits, Cole lists several components he associates with Internet Explorer, including Wininet.dll, Urlmon.dll, and Mshtml.dll.
Cole worked as a developer for Microsoft and was part of the team that developed Internet Explorer.

 Jon placed a hand on San'doro's shoulder and the two men joined the others for their morning breakfast.
The men all ate together.

Where am I to let you know to?
Where am I to let you know to start the countdown?

Underpricing an IPO, of course, deprives the newly public company of capital.
They wanted the company to succeed.

For some crops there are multiple C-R functions, some more sensitive to ozone and some less.
Some C-R functions are more useful in crops than others.

The regulations apply to hospitals that have either an identified unit that provides substance abuse treatment or medical personnel whose primary function is the provision of alcohol and other drug abuse diagnosis, treatment, or referral for treatment (C.F.R.
These regulations apply mainly to dedicated substance abuse treatment units or personnel. 

either Lee or Chang or Wong.
It was Lee who killed the tiger.

He told me, 'You don't have to tell me who you are.
He has seen me before and remembered my name.

A huge man, bare chested and covered head to toe in blood, raised a wide blade and beheaded each of the villagers in turn with two or three cuts.
The large man was seeking revenge on the entire village for the death of his daughter. 

Get down, Jane, cried Julius.
Lie on the floor, Jane, ordered Julius.

Newsweek excerpts George Stephanopoulos' new book, which repeats the standard criticism of the president (a complicated man responding to the pressures and pleasures of public life in ways I found both awesome and appalling).
He believes that the president is reacting to public life in unorthodox ways.

Net business saving
Business saving is more important than government saving.

It is a vital income supplement and work incentive program targeted to low-income working families with children.
After a long application process poor families get financial help from the program.

really ooh oh i bet that helps
I bet that helps to rinse and repeat multiple times.

Stewardship PP and E may be transferred from one Government entity to another.
Only the largest government entities routinely transfer stewardship.

As you know, the United States General Accounting Office (GAO) has been engaged in an ongoing effort to obtain certain narrowly defined, factual information concerning the development of the National Energy Policy proposal from Vice President Cheney in his role as Chair of the National Energy Policy Development Group (NEPDG).
GAO deals directly with all national energy matters.

In comparison, if the same parts are produced with manufacturing processes at a Cpk of 1.33, the probability of each part being defect free is 99.
Part defects are a significant expense for many manufacturing efforts.

By 1674, when Louis XIV took formal control of the islands from the debt-ridden commercial administrators, Martinique had become France's colonial capital in the Lesser Antilles.
The debt-ridden administrators were running the islands very poorly.

John F. Kennedy Jr. was laid to rest.
They silently buried JFK Jr.  

One way to compete is to bring the strengths of the private sector in-house.
One way to compete is to bring the strengths of the private and public sector

over again which is also that's another thing that's  good about it when it comes on right in the dinner hour i feel can feel like i can let them sit in front of the TV and watch and they're watching something worthwhile while i can make dinner and do things i need to do without them under foot
It's nice to have time to myself while they watch TV.

yeah because it gets it really does get expensive if you if if you don't want to rough it all the way
It can get pricey, but only if you really look for luxury.

I thought that was distinctly understood?"
Now we'll have to change the way the money's being spent.

Orthodox Judaism, likewise devoted to the suppression of women's hair, has long since solved the problem another way, with fashionable wigs.
Orthodox Judaism has been devoted to the suppression of women's hair for decades.

Kathy is inviting her entire nursery school class so, please, hug a 4-year-old!
Kathy is inviting her child's nursery school.

but uh i do think we learned
Our lessons have been learned and we won't mess up again.

She started to yell, then saw my expression.
Her expression scared her

Finkelstein is not breaking new ground here.
Finkelstein needs to act differently.

it was that bad huh oh was it
Oh it was not a good one? Maybe I won't see it.

In the spirit of unfettered investigative journalism, I tried to place a bet on Intertops, but was completely flummoxed by its complicated log-on.
I was successful n placing a bet after seeking assistance.

Steaks to please the most discerning palates plus a great salad bar; this simple but straightforward combination is difficult to beat.
The steaks are delicious and have amazing side dishes as well.

He knew where to draw the line.
He often liked to cross the line after it was clearly established.

France's office de tourisme in your own country and branches in larger towns through?­out France can help you with information, brochures, lists of hotels and bed and breakfasts, names of English-speaking guides, and so forth.
It's best to plan your trip in your home country before visiting France.

97 Nothing happened and, after waiting some minutes, Tuppence pressed the bell again, keeping her finger on the button for some little while.
Tuppence waited five minutes before ringing the bell again. 

Why should the pro-gamblers cooperate with a critical study?
A study looked at serious gamblers only. 

You can help haze those in and pick up your own stock on return."León appeared in the doorway.
The stock will be safely guarded by our farmhands while you're away.

The group found enough uninjured horses to mount.
The group of Asian women were able to find horses to ride.

i didn't know anything about this that's fantastic
I had been expecting bad news.

Of Rome's countless inspirational churches and palazzos, it is the Colosseum what Byron called the gladiator's bloody circus 'that is the symbol of the city's eternity.
Though the Colosseum is partly damaged today, it has stood for nearly 2,000 years.

This your bedroom next door here? 
Is this your bedroom where you will bed the prince?

, annual mean PM concentration) as inputs to the health and welfare C-R functions of the benefits analysis.
PM concentration is an input to the C-R functions, and the Commission weighs these higher.

Too many people are too involved with lats and pecs and excessive sweating.
The excessive sweating is caused because most of the people are overtraining.

that's uh can stifle creativity
Creativity can be limited if not attended to. 

I thought maybe as you didn't know about it."
I was under the impression that you were intentionally kept in the dark.

Lake District hunters follow the pack on foot rather than using horses because the incline of the fells is too difficult for horses.
Lake District hunters follow them around to make sure the dogs stay safe.

Despite strong opposition from organizations dedicated to the protection of developmental sanctity of unborn children, from groups devoted to the protection of family traditions, and from task forces committed to the preservation of racial purity, the new method (license purchased by the pharmaceutical giant Robots Healthcare) began to gain tremendous popularity, especially since it was introduced onto the market in conjunction with an attractive credit plan, offered by HSBBC.
Robots Healthcare bought the license for the new method at a high price of $5 billion.

only bad thing about an ace bandage if you wrap it tight enough so that really supports your ankle it's going to cut off the blood
The circulation can be cut off if an Ace bandage is wrapped too tight. 

Well, you see, I'd got a sort of tired feeling that I'd never find Jane and that it was all plumb foolishness anyway.
It was foolish to look for Jane because everyone knew she had to moved to another city years ago.

On the coast you can try the riding centre at Caesarea (Herod's Stables; tel. 06-636 1260), while the Artists Village Riding Centreat picturesque Ein Hod, near Haifa, offers the spectacular scenery of the Carmel National Park, Haifa, and the coast.
Haifa is the best spot in Israel for horseback riding.

have you had many calls
Has Marcello been contacting you recently?

The only must is Venice itself.
There's only one place you must visit.

Will the snazzy partnership produce nothing more than a TV newsmagazine with Tina as the talent, as Variety has suggested?
Tina will be the talent because she is the most qualified.

The Israelis' own sporting passions are basketball and football (soccer).
Basketball and soccer are common as the Israelis are good at them most of the time.

we as i said we have had a uh relatively mild winter for speaking for this area of the country
We are not used to having a mild winter.

But everyone wants him to try, because only new readers will save the industry in the long run.
The industry is running out of ideas for building up revenues.

If you've fallen in love with Italian coffee, why not buy a compact version of the espresso machine or packaged roasted beans?
You can easily buy espresso machines to make Italian style coffee.

they will twist it and bend it
They will twist it to meet their own needs.

and so he thought surely that i or i would have bought a hot line to know if he ever skipped school which of course was not the case and i wouldn't have checked on him however uh there are there are points
I used to skip school when I was his age too.

Our sole motivation is to save what I think is an essential service and innovative program.
The program is under threat and might be closed.

Abracadabra, he cried.
He cried out because he knew that he had lost the game.

If the operations are complicated, he will return to you with a report and you can instruct him further."
The report is likely to be 15-20 pages long depending on operation complexity.

nice furniture and things like that but kids are just as much of a blessing as all these material things but it's a different kind and a lot times people think oh well i'm not blessed i have an old car but you've got five kids you know you're just as blessed probably more
Personally, I don't have any kids, but I do have a new car.

but anyway it was nice to talk to you and uh sort of meet you and that was an interesting topic
We'll meet again and have a nice chat next week

Upstairs is the Mus??e de l'Histoire de France, which displays a number of important documents, including Louis XVI's diary with its famous entry noting, Rien ( Nothing ), for 14 July 1789.
The important documents also include the French constitution.

There was certainly nothing of the policeman about them. 
They might have been impersonating police.

Will they tax themselves to build highways and create new bus lines?
Will they raise the money needed by taxing themselves to build these things?

And so there are self-righteous demands for international labor  We should not, the opponents of globalization insist, be willing to buy those sneakers and shirts unless the people who make them receive decent wages and work under decent conditions.
If people were to stop buying products made with international labor, conditions for those workers would quickly improve.

yeah i saw it too yeah it was i really liked it my wife and i loved it yeah
We watched Deadpool in theaters and really enjoyed it.

As ad hoc efforts, each individual principle addresses a single aspect that is necessary, but is not sufficient for success by itself.
All of the individual principles must be applied together to achieve success.

Strong central government under a High Commissioner left considerable powers in the hands of the States' Malay rulers.
A strong central government based off the United States left lots of power in the hands of Malay rulers.

Next year, the Art Institute will try for an impressionist hat trick, as they add a Renoir show to the successes of last year's Monet extravaganza and this year's subtler and more demanding Degas.
The Renoir show will be an unmitigated triumph for the Art Institute. 

The park is open most days in April through August, and is 22 miles north of Paris on the A1 autoroute.
The A1 autoroute is the only way to reach the park.

And when a man is familiar with the general routine of a place, he can guess a sight too much and too close just by watching the comings and goings.
Learn the routine by watching him a few days. Then a surprised attack can be planned.

One of the most impressive of these is the Mahaboudha, or Temple of the Thousand Buddhas, which was erected in the 16th century.
The Mahaboudha is a beautiful, enormous building.

The marriage contract pours a sea of benefits and obligations into a single I do.
Saying "I do" means that you are committed to cook your spouse chicken noodle soup when they are sick.

Along with boutiques not found elsewhere, you'll encounter Hollywood culture at its most flaunting and tawdry.
Some boutiques are uniques to Hollywood alone.

 Bayos-narajados orange duns none "
The oranges are not guilty of the charges being pressed against them.

The Pescheria (fish market) bustles early in the morning except Sunday and Monday, while the Erberia (fruit and vegetables) is open until late afternoon for those looking for picnic supplies.
Many people go to the Erberia for its delicious apples.

TERMINAL DIVIDENDS - Dividends to policyholders calculated and paid upon termination of a contract, such as on death, surrender, or maturity.
Dividends are calculated and paid when the contract is terminated more than a year later.

They incur less overtime and the rural carrier work force has a higher proportion of casual employees.
The rural carrier work force has a better money rate per delivery

I passed a shop selling postcards, and was only moderately surprised to find my face on several.
The store sold postcards with famous people on them.

The Under Secretary of Agriculture for Marketing and Regulatory Programs said that fullscale Internet access had dramatically increased public awareness and participation, and had saved taxpayers and USDA more than $100,000 in administrative costs associated with the rulemaking.
USDA saved $132,000 in administrative costs because of the new rules.

We discuss overall costs below.
Overall costs include office rental fees and payroll.

Just don't ask any hard questions of the book, because it won't answer them.
The Bible isn't going to answer any hard questions.

The ultimate goal in determining data reliability is to make the following  For our engagement, can we use the data to answer the research question?
The data needs to be reliable to be useful.

I had the same peculiar aching feeling finishing this book of letters that I do at the end of her novels.
Her novels always made me ache because they were so sad.

With honor and distinction they represented our country in the international arena (especially in the field of fractal genetic engineering) and were the pride and joy of the whole society.
They were university lecturers in fractal genetic engineering.

He heard the tractors and bulldozers moving along the narrow cliff above him, but he was used to the sound.
He was used to the sound of the work equipment along the cliff above him working on a new construction.

yeah it's really interesting it
It's really interesting to learn that.

He explained to me that it was one and one-half because the song was about him, and he's Jewish, and his then-wife Carrie Fisher, is the daughter of Eddie Fisher, who's also Jewish, and Debbie Reynolds, who's not; hence, one and a half.
The song's writer was saying that the phrase indicated the complicated relationship with his ex-wife and ex-mother in law.

The beach of Canical now looks rather forlorn, with rotting hulks and flotsam and jetsam testifying to better days.
The beach of Canical is situated too far away from the city center to attract visitors.

'Yes sir, Mr. Franklin?'
I'd like to know what you know Mr. Franklin, do you desire me to come there?

The Board, however, recognizes that significant practical problems may arise if an agency is compelled to adopt a specified costing approach for reporting stewardship assets, and that such cost approach would not be used for computing the net cost of operations.
The Board knows problems can occur if the agency is pressured to adopt a specified costing approach for reporting assets to shareholders.

The intensity of the expression she had surprised had impressed her powerfully.
She had intense expressions and people were amazed, since she rarely had strong feelings.

Elvis knows this is an obsession of mine; in Sunday's Chicago Sun-Times I published a long article that questions widespread beliefs about the Texas Instruments digital projection system and extols a much cheaper film projection system called MaxiVision48, which uses existing, proven technology, and produces a picture its patent holders claim is 500 percent better (not a misprint) than existing film or digital projection, take your choice.
Texas Instruments manufacture cameras. 

It's Wolf the thinker who's wobbly.
Wolf is the nickname of the first baseman. 

Its industry was the export of red logwood and the dyes of indigo and Prussian blue, which were extremely valuable in Britain.
The industry failed to increase in size as no one was able to find a distributor.

It had nothing to do with mercy and everything to do with the contagious nature of fear and panic.
In addition to fear and panic, nervousness is included.

Another has the war spreading to Macedonia, where ethnic Albanians would come to the support of their fellows in Kosovo.
A war will spread to Macedonia within the next year.

The temple stones were then dismantled and moved into place within this hill recreating the old site exactly, including leaving old fallen pieces on the ground in the place where they were originally excavated.
It took 3 days to construct the temple. 

Short-term ozone mortality risk estimates may also be affected by the statistical issue discovered by the Health Effects Institute (Greenbaum, 2002a).
The Health Effects Institute is the only organization studying ozone mortality risks.  

Also on the west side of Nara Park is Todaiji, which like many elaborate temple complexes comprises many remarkable structures and artifacts.
Todaiji is a well known tourist destination during the spring.

It didn't.
Wasn't able. 

He shifted from foot to foot.
He shifted from one foot to another as he waited in line. 

It was erected in the early 16th century by Francois I's corrupt treasurer, Gilles Berthelot ' part of it on a Venetian-style foundation of timber piles close-driven into the bed of the river.
The structure erected by the corrupt treasurer Gilles Bethelot collapsed in the 19th century.

Dreams of it, sometimes, I does.
I dreamt of white snow and clear lakes.

Many claims about the influence of popular culture are exaggerated.
The claims relate to celebrities and video games.

Take a look at the portraits in the museum, and then compare them with the dashing, modern bust of him in the public gardens by the quay.
Most art snobs have a preference for the museum portraits.

What do you know about Jane Finn? 
I heard Jane Finn has a drinking problem, do you know anything about this?

In the '70s, the Left-Behind White appeared in the form of the unmeltable ethnic, that long-assimilated Italian- or Irish- or Polish-American who, in the wake of the Black Power movement, felt it necessary to dust off and revive the ways of the Old Country.
The otherness felt be the Left-Behind White was more in tune with the Black Power movement.

yeah yeah i've been writing mine down just in case anything you know just
I have been writing all of mine down in case I have to show the police.

He'll want to find you on your feet and dressed."  Hanson was beginning to feel annoyance at the suddenly cocksure and unsympathetic girl, but he stood fully erect and flexed his muscles.
Hanson wished the girl could stop acting the way she did.

Good morning!
It is a great day.

  obtain the support of senior officials in both federal and nonfederal entities
obtained the support of newly instated officials.

But a lot o' them officers now they come out here wi' biggety idears 'bout how t' handle Injuns, thinkin' they knows all thar's t' be knowed 'bout fightin' an' them never facin' up to a Comanche in war paint, let alone huntin' 'Paches.
Paches was talking about hunting and war; he has experienced what it was like being there.

right yeah the uh cable prices are just too high nowadays and i'm not going to i i just won't pay that that kind of money for for what i'm getting i mean i miss A   and E and i miss Discovery and i miss CNN but that's it
If it were only A and E, Discovery, and CNN I might be willing to pay for it.

In the Kannon Hall of this temple is the largest wooden devotional figure in the a statue of the Eleven-Faced Goddess of Mercy, some 10 m (33 ft) high, carved from a single tree trunk and covered in gold leaf.
The ceiling of Kannon Hall was built at such a height for the purpose of accommodating this statue.

Two pistoleers were manageable but unknown shooters killing man after man would shake the best commander.
Seventy men were gunned down.

It should be noted that this raises an important policy issue.
The issue raised is that we can't sell back to who we bought from.

There used to be five naves, two transepts, five belltowers, and 225 choir stalls.
There are fewer naves than there were before.

Also facing Plaza de la Cibeles, the Banco de Espana (Bank of Spain) headquarters combines Neo-classical, Baroque, and rococo styles.
The Banco de Espana was designed by many different architects.

governments or is received in satisfaction of a previously recognized revenue (e.g.
The government has revenue

There she pondered for some moments, a telegraph form in her hand.
She held a telegraph form in her left hand.

i don't remember which other one it was whatever one it was it was such a blockbuster seller
I don't really remember which other one was but it was such a blockbuster seller.

However, there are currently no federal laws prohibiting the second category.
There has never been any sort of rule stating the second category is legal.

I have seen him, said the Russian slowly.
The Russian calmly said, "I've spotted him, over by the backdoor a few hours ago."

A statue of Nandi, the bull, and a trident sign mark the temples of Shiva.
The temples of Shiva are mainly tourist attractions nowadays, since there aren't many believers.

i have a friend who saw that and told he me said i don't want said don't go see it it because you won't be able to sleep but i don't know from all i've read about it i i i really think i'd i i'd like to see it
The movie got really good ratings from the toughest online critics.

right that keeps you busy
Shoveling snow keeps you busy.

They do not, they say, value a stock by looking at future earnings.
They don't value a stock just by how much it will make in the future but also consider the current value.

An article says other nations might turn to Treasury Secretary Robert Rubin for stability while Clinton reels.
Clinton is not a proponent of Robert Rubin's hopes to move the US back on to the gold standard.

If the gap between the earnings of women and men is declining, and if the earnings of women are rising in line with their productivity, it follows that the productivity of women has been rising relative to the productivity of men.
Women do not deserve to paid the same as men until they can work harder.

Beyond KL, the British colonial past whose structures now more often stand in the shadow of KL's new skyscrapers continues to echo amid the northern hill stations.
There are hardly any British colonial structures in KL.

things that don't cost too much but you get your money's worth
You can get your money's worth when checking travel websites for things that don't cost too much.

But a closer look at Bush's comments suggests the  He is concerned that the party looks mean because of its economic policies, and he is using cultural issues to soften that image by projecting Republican compassion.
Bush has made several comments to news reporters.

Take President Clinton's proposal to invest part of Social Security revenues in the stock market.
President Clinton was searching for an acceptable means of increasing Social Security's revenue.

Have all the pieces of pertinent information been considered?
Have all of the pieces of information been considered in the case? 

Many in the church and among the native population viewed the King's overseas death as a judgement.
The natives saw the King's death as a judgment of his policies.

As the Balkans flared to war once again, Greek nationalism has stirred, and there have been discussions in the kafeneion about the land of Macedonia returning to the fold of its forefathers.
In the kafeneion Greeks discussed about the land of Macedonia, according to the newsaper.

Paris is one of the world's most densely populated capitals.
Paris is among the top five most densely populated cities.

that's true but you know i always thought American cars weren't any good but i uh rented a car i rented a Ford Taurus and i was impressed i really liked it
I will be purchasing a Ford the next time I buy a car.

He was dead the dawn after the thought had entered his head and chaos met the desert for a thousand years.
He was killed in a battle.

Maybe he should have cut out of the game yesterday.... Or never come down into the valley weeks ago ... or left Red Springs.... Those "maybes"stretched as far back and as neatly in line as the railroad tracks they had been talking about earlier, one slipping smoothly into another as if cast in one strong string of doubts.
He isn't a strong leader and quitting would have been a benefit to him.

But the only way to combine piety, cowardice, cynicism, and recklessness is to hit him from both sides.
If you don't hit him then the things will never be combined. 

and i like that it's pretty fun
I like it because it makes me feel like I am flying. 

but you sound just like um the the children that i worked with up there the same type of voice
You sound so much like the children I worked with that I thought you were one of them.

if you take him to a home with a with private individual when the door shuts
You should put him into a private home.

She's still working, but DeParle notes that even though she earned nearly $16,000 this year, she struggles to simply keep food on the table to feed her family.
She spends most of her income on rent, leaving little for food. 

We went on with the begonias, sir.
The begonias are better than the roses.

This may be a significant uncertainty in the analysis, but the current state of the scientific literature does not allow for a region-specific estimation of health benefits.
Science literature doesn't let you estimate health benefits for something that has a long-term impact.

The principal legislative history accompanying the Act16 chronicled the different access problems GAO had encountered in obtaining records to which it was legally entitled, including aserious access to records difficulties at the White House.
B

A crook? 
A crook called my phone?

There are at least three possibilities.
There's a maximum of 5 possibilities.

He was wearing a Gauntlet.
His Gauntlet was made of silver. 

 The sun had struck near the horizon, throwing up huge masses of material.
The sun had crashed loudly near the horizon.

Instead of with New York, substitute to.
New York is not the best place for this.

um but now nowadays they can't even they can barely scold the children for something you you know without getting sued
Sometimes, children deserved to be scolded when they break the rules.

It is terrible."
Horrendously late it was.

Secondly, the shores of Ibiza contain so much archaeological treasure that the government keeps a sharp eye on all divers.
The divers are expertly trained ninjas.

And so a comedian's success creates his failure.
The comedian gave up after his first failure.

 The oldest construction on Formentera a dolmen, or prehistoric stone circle lies not far from Es Pujols at Ca Na Costa (between the La Sabina road and Formentera's salt lake).
Ca Na Costa is five miles east of La Sabina.

8.43 Reported evidence should demonstrate the correctness and reasonableness of the matters reported.
The gathered evidence does not demonstrate the correctness of the matters. 

Tell Ca'daan we're staying.
Tell Ca'daan that we're staying the night.

This book will pass into the possession of Scotland Yard, but it will never be publicly exhibited.
This book will be owned by Scotland Yard, and some people might be given access to it.

Under Section 425, after the Administrator allocates allowances under the new trading program, the Administrator will remove from the Allowance Tracking System accounts all sulfur dioxide allowances for the year 2010 and later that were allocated under Subpart 1 of this Part.
The administrator will earn money if they follow the section.

and now with the photography that's you know it's working that's what i'm doing is working part time because i can put my kids in a day care situation for a few hours in the uh week and and use those hours to do the the thing that i'm doing is taking school pictures
I take school picture part time.

With a couple of bikes on board, you can always explore the countryside as you travel.
If you bring a bike, you can explore the countryside as you travel through your journey.

i don't and i don't understand the reasoning for it i really don't it it seems perfectly logical that if somebody's going to take public money then they should return something to the public i mean if nothing else go out along an interstate and pick up garbage
There has to be a reason for this, even though I do not know what that is.

Critics say Mendes improves upon the 1972 film version of the musical, which starred Liza Minnelli, by rendering it dark and raunchy.
Liza Minnelli played the lead role in the film version of the musical.

The man sailed over it and into the dirt.
The man jumped over something high into the air. 

Southeast of Puerta del Sol is Plaza Santa Ana and the Huertas district, both of which are chock full of restaurants, tascas and tapas bars, theaters, and live music and flamenco clubs.
The Plaza Santa Ana is closer to the Puerta de Sol than the Huertas Disctrict.

uh and i thought that was you know very interesting and i i would have thought of that earlier i probably would have done you know just like is that is this is that the Mormon church
I would have loved to join the Mormon church.

what are you taking in school oh you you're an instructor yeah you're an instructor yeah you said
You told me that you taught engineering in some school.

General Accounting Office, Tactical  F-22 Delays Indicate Initial Production Rates Should Be Lower to Reduce Risks GAO-02-298 (Washington, D.C.: Mar.
The general accounting office do not think the government is efficient.

yeah that's true i never thought of it like that
I've never thought about science in that way.

It may be more important to ask whether it's helped the people it was supposed to help, he began.
He believes that perhaps one should talk to the people that need help.

Thus, according to the entry price measure the cost of the USO is higher in the U.S. than in Italy.
This is because the US covers a wider geographical area than Italy.

He was still bewildered by the introduction of tragedy into his cheerful commonplace existence.
He was a man out of place since the distressful event had upturned his complacent and calm life.

suspension from playing on uh TV and then games
The suspension kept them from playing three vital games.

Personal saving plays a dual role, ensuring both individuals' retirement security and the nation's economic security.
The nation's economic security revolves around retirees.

Of course, even scientific polls are subject to error, and not just to the standard margin of error that is due to assumed errors in sample selection.
Scientific polls are usually wrong.

They came to spend their weekends here, away from the hot and humid atmosphere of Kingston.
There are many tourists who prefer living here than in Kingston.

In New Jersey, outreach efforts are limited.
Community outreach programs are desperately in need of funding.

Several examples of his early works reminded me that he was not completely worthless after all.
Several samples of his early works reminded me that he was one of the best in his time.

Supposing a parcel arrived addressed to Mr. Lawrence Cavendish, and afterwards it disappeared, should you remark its absence?
I should probably mention it yes, it would be immoral not to.

but uh the guy winds up getting hurt every other game
The guy gets hurt sometimes.

And whatever one's quibbles, Goodman should be credited with doing what Singer and Malamud and even Ozick were never really able to  making the most rigorous form of Judaism seem plausible as an American life.
Malamud an Ozick tried many times but failed to reconcile Judaism and American life.

On Monday, Legal Aid will break ground at the first building it has ever owned, located at the corner of 128th Street and Madison Avenue.
They are selling tickets for the groundbreaking ceremony for $20 each.

so yeah a hundred and ten degrees and
It was 110 degrees today.

um-hum i bet that would be rather interesting uh that's uh self-improvement that's that's always well that's that's kind of a hobby but it is self-improvement uh from the standpoint of probably relaxing um
I still was not interesting in self-help books.

I felt he'd seen right through me, but I went on playing my part.
I couldn't take the chance of breaking character in case I was wrong about him.

Most hotels offer instruction and organized dives out to Ricky's Reef or the Canyon, two major reef areas.
Licensed instructors from the hotels can teach scuba lessons.

Today's Papers is more than a little mystified by the sudden journalistic interest in the reality of the Jerry Springer show.
They were looking for a led.

Besides, he wouldn't mind if he did.
He might meet up with an old friend while he is there.

It raises the sun and illumines the road ahead to a new computer architecture.
The new computer architecture will be absolutely game-changing.

Well, it appears that Robert Ferrigno (see Kiss My Tan Line) has done well at touting the Californian presence here in Seattle.
Kiss My Tan Line is the most popular line of it's kind in Seattle.

a little town called Tuckaho over by White Plains
The town is very small.

Therefore, he took the risk, the great risk, of coming in here. 
It was risky for him to come here because the crowd was angry.

fix things around the house and all those kind of chores
Do chores like plumbing and other house fixes.

Slaves dueled among the filth of the smaller pits.
Slaves fought for their honor in the small, filthy pits.

You forget your own suggestion of a dictaphone, said Sir James dryly.
The dictaphone is the one from the Flintstones and has a bird reading the record. 

These are men and women of noble spirit.
The men and women are royalty.

Inland, the hillside provides a Chinese cemetery for over 12,000 graves, mostly horseshoe-shaped tombs.
The cemetery is dark and spooky.

If the discovery is what it appears to be, the inside of Mars may still be full of them.
It only remains to send a craft for exploring if Mars has them.

The Altar of the Nativity just about drips with gold and silver.
The altar is a national treasure, worth millions. 

 both the United States Postal Service and the Postal Rate Commission to independently report, 90 days after enactment of this Act, on the scope of existing authority of the US Postal Service, under title 39, United States Code, and title 39, Code of Federal Regulations, to introduce and provide new products and services (including the introduction and provision of new products and service on an experimental or market test basis) and to enter into negotiated service agreements with individual customers or groups of customers.
The USPS have to report to the IRS 90 days after the act is enacted.

If I'd seen her in a crowd I'd have said 'There's a girl 173 whose face I know'  
If I'd seen her in the crowd, I would have pointed her out to my friends.

A medieval fire tower marks the entrance to the Japanese Village Plaza shopping mall (335 East 2nd Street).
All Japanese Village Plazas have something to indicate its unique location.

Boards have a responsibility to ensure the reasonableness of overall executive compensation.
The board caps executive compensation at 5 times what the lowest paid employee makes. 

During the tactical facility acquisition phase, in-house facility engineering staff should be capable of providing the overall process leadership, ensuring that all activities proceed in the best interest of the owner.
The in-house engineering staff receive very low pay.

The largest mosque in the city, it has earned the name alabaster mosque for its grand interior faced with the smooth pale stone.
This has been the largest mosque since the 1200's.

'But...the two of you...' Daniel shook his head.
Daniel was speaking about to two kids. 

and yep we did that too and the children where um when in fact when my youngest was about two we decided to get out of the city and go to the country
The kids loved the countryside more than they ever had the city.

four that's good very good yes yeah i don't
Four is a good number of kids to have.

Glendalough is part of the Wicklow Mountains National Park, an area of about 20,000 hectares (49,421 acres), which includes most of upland Wicklow, with spectacular scenery, wildlife, and rare flora.
Glendalough is full of deer and other critters.

The key to a commitment to pro bono, Lardent says, is a firm's stance on whether pro bono work counts internally as billable hours. 
They still wanted to get some form of payment.

Come on over an' let Doc take a look at that face of yours, Nye ordered.
There was a young, unqualified doctor in the camp.

He had not tried to open the door, so why did he care that it remained firmly shut?
After his hand was broken, he did not try to open the door.

but uh otherwise you know we uh  with you know PBS and so forth and i i particularly enjoy i don't know whether you've whether you had a chance to watch it on PBS but uh
You are aware of the PBS show.

Besides, some genetic mothers aren't conscious at birth, and many don't breast-feed, yet they all nonetheless wind up loving their kids.
Genetic mothers typically have multiple children in their lives.

Some-time during the 11th century a rough bunch of coastal traders and drifters from every port in the Mediterranean began to settle on the northern shore of the Horn, in the maritime quarter which became known as Galata.
Horn was prized by ocean travelers due to its great geographical placement in the Mediterranean.

In this group, it's common for moms to march into school at the beginning of the year and obtain several months' worth of assignments in advance so their children can get a head start.
The moms I'm talking about push their children to be over achievers. 

It wasn't the first punch thrown, but it was the first one most people saw.
I did not throw the first punch. 

His fast two-gun draw, however, was deadly.
His two gun draw was as fast and deadly as his one gun draw

The truth of the matter was that it was Lawrence who had murdered Alfred Inglethorp with a croquet 114 mallet. 
Lawrence owned the croquet mallet used to murder Alfred Inglethorp.

so that's what i normally try to do if it's pretty low i try to make a couple payments at a time
I'll make more payments when it's below a certain threshold

rapidly but uh Gorbachev Gorbachev Gorbachev is i don't know i think i think you you're right he's a chameleon he's just a he's he he's just he seems to have flip flopped on you know uh uh you know when they first came into power when uh President Reagan was in he was this real nice guy and he was
You're probably right it's hard to know Gorbachev is going to do, and it's pretty concerning.

Not only did he attack Helms July 15, but he deliberately embarrassed the White House--which had refrained from quarreling with Helms--by calling on Clinton to speak up for his confirmation.
Helms did not honor the attack with a response.

Adrin had his rapier and off-hand dagger out, parrying the attack of one while another closed in.
Adrin held his weapon and got ready to fight.

His sword rang across the desert plane.
His sword hit someone.

Wachter's wage premium amounts to only $2.
Wachter has the option to prepay his $2 premium. 

After all, he was Texas-born.
He was born in central Dallas.

Ninety percent of all tenants appearing in Housing Court - many facing eviction from their homes - do not have an attorney.
The tenants don't have an attorney because they don't wish to spend money on one.

yeah that no no but how often do you go to aerobics
Do you go to aerobics every week?

The U.S. military will leave Bosnia at the end of this year.
The US army will leave Bosnia at the end of this year, 1998. 

Come at least for tea or a stroll among the cypresses and magnolias.
The tea is some of the best in the world.

'Maybe,' Greuze seemed unconvinced.
Greuze was not convinced that they were telling the truth. 

yeah right and uh you know they we you know we go to the park or we go in the backyard and sit down and
sometimes we go to the park to shoot hoops

Today official tourist-office advice still tends to be cautious; many areas are relatively safe for independent travel, though it is vital to keep abreast of daily news and best to avoid potential flashpoints such as Nablus and Hebron.
The areas was extremely dangerous in the past.

If you don't own your own tent, you will be able to lease one from the inn, but in that case, please bring your own mosquito netting, as many of the inn's tents are old and ripped, and the lake is famous for its KILLER Squites!
There are tents for rent, they may have holes, so you should bring mosquito netting to avoid being bitten. Some mosquitoes carry malaria.

Hispanics, Asians, even African and Caribbean blacks, are by and large following the classic patterns of immigrant and ethnic assimilation.
Hispanics assimilate the best, but Asians immigrate better.

And compare Caravaggio's mastery of chiarosero (the play of light and dark) in the service of realism in his violent Abraham and Isaac (1590) with the more contemplative style of Rembrandt in the famous Old Rabbi (1658) and other portraits.
Caravaggio painted 200 paintings.

'Third and Seventh series aren't perfect,' she continued, prodding the tank, 'but they'll just about hold a human mind.
She told her boss that the third and seventh series weren't perfect.

It would, for example, be interesting to determine whether the Aldrich Ames spy case was an anomaly or a symptom of widespread corruption in the CIA.
The CIA is an investigation agency.

But to sustain him as a viable comic foil through next November, we'll need to observe him in a more particular and nuanced way, or pray that he develops webbed feet, like Phoebe, and a quirky sex appeal, like Daffy.
His previous shenanigans have left a serious impression on popular culture.

Throughout the city, crumbling houses three and four stories tall, somehow still standing, line backstreets where children play stickball and their parents and grandparents hover around doorstoops.
There are crumbling houses throughout the city and they have been abandoned after the exodus.

yep that's all good-bye okay bye
that's all i can say, goodbye

The surviving pirates took to the sea once again.
The pirates whose lives were lost were buried at sea by their mates. 

A short distance from the palace toward the city centre, you come upon the Ayuntamiento (Town Hall), with its fine Renaissance faaade and Gothic door.
The Ayuntamiento has a fine Renaissance facade and Gothic door which was designed it the past century.

They are very individualistic nomads, meeting occasionally to share a fruit supper before going their own way.
There are infrequent gatherings among these nomads to gather their food and eat together. 

"Lissen, gal, an' you, too, Teodoro jus' keep clear of Johnny Shannon when he's on th' prod that way.
Stay out of Johnny Shannon's way or he'll end your life.

Typically a fado troupe consists of a woman dressed appropriately in black accompanied by a couple of men playing acoustic guitars.
The music style is soft and lilting.

Some religious settlers deny the authority of the Israeli government and believe it is their biblical duty to populate the West Bank (Judea and Samaria).
Members of strictly orthodox sects counter the government on the issue.

Lowering her head, she repeated a manoeuvre of childish days, and butted their aggressor full in the capacious middle.
The aggressor doubled over in pain. 

that type of thing and that didn't work but but somebody told me that they were charging as much for it as they did for straw which is why they couldn't sell it you know because the farmers would buy the straw if it's a you know similar price
Most farmers preferred using straw anyways, since it is natural.

The hall, begun in the reign of Emperor Tiberius following the Roman takeover, has pleasing proportions and the interior is decorated with reliefs depicting Roman emperors dressed in Pharaoh's garb and worshipping Knum.
Tiberius approved of the building of the hall.  

Northwestern France includes a long seacoast, stretching along the English Channel (La Manche), around Brittany, and down to the mouth of the Loire.
There are many resort towns on the sea coasts of Northwestern France.

when you sign your ten forty form you're signing a away you're rights i mean your your rights to uh uh protect yourself
WHen you sign the paper, the government can do whatever they want.

Nominally these kingdoms acknowledged an elected High King, with his seat at fabled Tara, as overlord.
The High King position was awarded by voting of a group of elders.

He knew only too well how useless her gallant defiance was, since it was not the object of the defence to deny this point. 
She had always been defiant.

Finally, it presents an evaluation perspective on case studies, defining them and determining their appropriateness in terms of the type of evaluation question posed.
The final section includes case studies of OSHA, GAO, and the 2002 Congress.

Come and be refreshed."
We are offering food to you.  

no i'm from Wisconsin originally uh i don't know what the weather's been like up there but uh typically in March it's still uh kind uh kind of like winter uh very cold
I'm from Wisconsin but I don't spend a lot of time there anymore.

um i i think they're being taught a lot maybe to be more responsible
The kids are being taught a lot about paying bills on time. 

The intervention could be stopped by a block of isolationist senators and House members.
The intervention could be halted by isolationist politicians in Texas.

oh yes well that's about the way our weather is here also
Our weather is pretty much the same as Ireland's.

In a real courtroom, he and Fridlund-Horne agreed, a person's entire demeanor is a part of the evidence that the judge sees.
While a person's demeanor may be important, many judges try to ignore it in the interests of fairness.

Three years after the fall of Jerusalem in a.d. 70, the Romans besieged the fortress.
The Romans besieged the fortress for six weeks.

The factual record provides an important context for consideration of the legal question of the meaning of the presence requirement for representation by LSC grantees.
The record provides important context that is rarely used.

The General Council Hall (Sala del Consiglio Generale) is dominated by the works of his vigorous St. George (1416), intended for the Orsanmichele ; his important David, naked and restless in bronze (1450); and the stone Marzocco lion, the town's symbol, from the Palazzo Vecchio.
The General Council Hall attracts the most visitors in the region due to its collection of great works.

The Other Side of the Rainbow
The rainbow goes from east to west.

VA administers the laws providing benefits and other services to veterans and their dependents and beneficiaries.
Some of these benefits include funding for tattoos and motorcycles.

yeah well Smith came on pretty good Wright was
Smith came on pretty good, but Wright was even better

Riding the crest of this economic upsurge were the zaibatsu conglomerates a dozen family-run combines, each involved in mining, manufacturing, marketing, shipping, and banking.
The zaibatsu rode this economic upsurge and used it to take over the rest of the Middle East.

Many are nominally private, which means you only get in if the doormen like the way you look.
Once you have gotten into the club, a wristband will allow you to leave and reenter as many times as you like.

What kind of game was Johnny Shannon trying to play?
What was Johnny Shannon thinking?

The mayor originally hoped groundbreaking would take place six months ago, but it hasn't happened yet.
Groundbreaking is already more than 2 years overdue.

That it's OK to abuse women in Schuylkill County, because you'll only get a slap on the wrist?
They wanted to make the laws tougher.

'You said White would bring only a handful of men.'
I wanted White to bring only a handful of men. 

Better strip and put this cloth on."  The thing he held out was little more than a rag, apparently torn from one of the robes.
The rag smelled awful and was full of holes.

Got him a head crease wot knocked him silly for a bit.
The head crease knocked him silly because he was badly concussed.

Perhaps your son will no longer be solvent.
Maybe your son will lose a lot of his savings.

One statistic floating around is that workers spend about 90 minutes a day on nonwork-related computer games and Web surfing, with an estimated productivity cost of $50 billion.
In addition, workers also spend an hour a day on their phones.

We must stop the politics of personal destruction, Clinton declared at the White House after the impeachment vote.
Most of the people in the room agreed with what Clinton had said.

The Somerset County chapter of the American Civil Liberties Union holds a free legal clinic on the second Thursday of every month.
Personal legal counseling is not offered on those Thursdays.

In my own case, I think that three years ago I would not have experienced the golden days I have described here.
Three years ago he had not experienced the days, but two years ago he had. 

3) The New York Times reported that the administration endorsed a project in China that was financially important to the Riady family just after a Riady-controlled company put Webster Hubbell on its payroll.
Said project in China could earn the Riady family more than $3 billion in revenue.

i had to talk to someone about hobbies and the switchboard called me so i was caught a little off guard and i couldn't think of anything at all so i started making stuff up i told this woman that my hobby was gardening and i can't even i can't even grow an ivy my grandfather gave me a plant once that told and he told me when he gave it to me that it was impossible to kill you could freeze it you could
I was doing a phone interview where I was asked about my hobbies.

Masons dug a shaft 10 m (33 ft) into the bedrock for Ramses III's tomb (11) c.1151.
The Masons worked day and night for four months.

But In spite of police patrols, after dark parts of the Bois de Boulogne are reckoned to be the most dangerous places in Paris.
Bois de Boulogne is overrun with street gangs after darkness falls.

But Foster's expertise is historical, and he warns us that he will write as a historian.
People expected Foster to write personally instead of historically.

Few places on earth can rival Madeira's wealth of natural gifts, especially in so small an area.
Although Madeira has so many natural gifts, they are at risk of being lost.

Just before you reach the main gate and town symbol, the 13th-century Dolder, turn off to the right and take a peep at the little ?­ghetto in the wooden-galleried Cour des Juifs.
The Dolder is the town's main tourist attraction.

What was it?
What had made all that noise?

Busloads flock nightly to hear middle-of-the-road Irish cabaret at Jury's Hotel in Ballsbridge and Doyle's Irish Cabaret in the Burlington Hotel in Leeson Street.
Busloads go to listen to the famous musicians play every night.

And the size of the wallets is a strict limit on the value of the eyeballs.
It only matters how much money you have. 

The New York Times says his defection to the West in 1990 helped topple Albania's Communist regime.
His defection to the West was the main reason Albania's Communist regime was toppled.

It would be impractical and contrary to the public interest to publish the rules prior to making the rules effective.
It might be impractical to publish the rules first, but it would be more democratic. 

EPA performed a cost-benefit analysis which is summarized in the preamble to the final rule.
The entire EPA analysis was done by a single, dedicated agent.

Plain good sense.
It only makes sense. 

I never thought of that!
That occurred to him. 

At the same time, the federal government bears some responsibility for the movement to stock-based compensation due to tax changes that limited the deductibility of certain types and amounts of executive compensation.
The government needs to change the way it acts.

He could hear the familiar sounds of the village but in his mind the women and children from Fena Set continued to scream.
He had heard the women being raped and killed.

to fill it up i think that's great and you weigh your container you know and then you weigh your salad after that
I think the system works. You weigh your container and then you weigh the salad, every 100g of salad is worth $4.

Yes, I believe they were at it yesterday afternoon. 
They had a huge fight. 

Many of the city's churches, palaces, and museums still show signs of ongoing reconstruction and restoration after the devastating earthquake of 1980.
The earthquake of 1980 truly destroyed most of the city's infrastructure.

Jon felt the rumble through his boots.
Jon was on horseback, or was in the middle of an earthquake or other tectonic event.

The Registration Form final rule amends Form N-1A which is used by mutual funds to register under the Investment Company Act of 1940 and to offer their shares under the Securities Act of 1933.
Form N-1A is only applicable to or used by mutual funds and not any other type of financial business.

Esme, played by Judi Dench, is an actress who lives for the theater.
Dench played Esme in the musical.

It's not clear that Beatty is willing to do that.
From what has been gathered it is not certain Beatty will do it.

oh uh-huh that's what we have too yeah that's what ours is
We have a camper as well.

Anse! He swayed to the joyous pounding of a fist between his shoulder blades.
He was proud of the good job he did as he pounded his back.

Among the rooms devoted to the history of science and technology, one gallery is reserved for Leonardo's inventions, displayed as models constructed from his notebooks.
There is one gallery that is reserved for Leonardo's paintings.  

changed you know my thinking on this i don't know i really don't know
my thoughts on this changed pretty suddenly i don't know

But Mieczyslaw, there is one thing I'd like to talk to you about.'
Mieczyslaw, the thing I need to talk to you about is urgent. 

For example, in lieu of hiring a large number of seasonal
Instead of hiring a bunch of seasonal cashiers. 

Let Shannon think he was backing down.
They wanted Shannon to think that he was giving up so that they could surprise him.

yeah yeah they have i don't either well um you know they what you don't hear about is how many they turn away
You sometimes hear rumours about how many people they turn away.

3 million to fund its very narrowly construed mission.
The funds were already put aside for the mission.

Summary of Major Sections
There are many sections

no i don't i don't i never never saw that
I don't really know anything about it.

It was a few minutes past eleven when Tuppence again entered the hall of South Audley Mansions.
Tuppence came in the hallway then went to his room.

and if you get one of those false negative reportings and and you're fired from your job that's going to carryover into other jobs um no matter um you know if it's truth or not so yeah it can stick with you for a long time
False negative reports can affect the rest of your life.

Microsoft is reaching out to computer novices , says a piece.
Microsoft is reaching out to teach more people about the usefulness of computers.

The place was built in 1607 by Henri IV, whose equestrian statue can be seen on the nearby Pont-Neuf.
Henri IV built the place for his wife.

Thinkin' of trains runnin' through here git you down that far?
Thinkin' of the trains never comin' back here again pullin' you down?

but i think that's great about TI and also uh to get off the clothing the smokers you know how they have the the different designated areas for smokers and stuff i think that's great
TI is a great place to buy from because of that.

yeah the Europeans think that you're baby is boiling over
Europeans are correct.

yes and uh we
yes and uh the three of us.

John McLaughlin dedicates the final minutes of his show to the proposition that contemporary American culture sneers at  Men are regarded as inseminating instruments, superfluous after that.
John McLaughlin believes men should be treated with more dignity and respect in the culture, home and media. 

Pesticides, widely used to increase crop yields, have become a leading health concern among migrant farm workers.
Crop yields are very important for any country, so the use of pesticides is allowed.

As EPA modeled this scenario, the bundle of policies in the CEF advanced scenario became, in effect, a complement to the emission caps imposed by 2007.
The policies were created to expand existing laws.

44 rooms.
There will eventually be 55 rooms.

I then had to remember where on my hard drive I had put the install files.
I had to remember where the files to install the security software were saved. 

Centuries of almost constant repressive foreign rule followed, with the Vandals being succeeded by the Byzantines, Saracens, and Moors.
The foreign rule was eventually eliminated in a large rebellion.

He made a grimace. 
He grimaced in pain.

Surprisingly and happily the villages did not allow their character to be diluted and swallowed up into one homogenous suburb.
Surprisingly the villages did not allow their character to be swallowed up into one suburb because the people liked their lives.

Here you can wade through mountains of old clothes, jewelry, utensils, clocks, dolls, ornaments, old coins, and all the bric-a-brac of an oriental bazaar.
Vintage devices and apparel can be bought here.

8) The media will turn on the GOP.
The GOP will make many mistakes that force the media to turn on them.

well what's uh what's the best experience you can come up with uh as far as camping
What's the best camping experience you have? I have a ton.

Then I will begin by asking you about the events of yesterday afternoon. 
Many things happened. 

  An excerpt of a new Al Gore biography points out that by enlisting in the military, Gore all but ensured he would avoid Vietnam combat, but it rejects the claim that Gore received special treatment or protection.
Gore didn't necessarily want to avoid Vietnam combat.

and that's got uh a hundred and sixteen thousand miles on it and that runs perfectly well too
That car has over a hundred thousand miles on it and has nothing wrong with it at all.

Another time I had to go and look after my brother Kenny in Buffalo.
Kenny was sick of malaria and typhoid.

so i don't know it upsets me a little bit i like bears they're pretty they're pretty cool
Bears are cool, but also scary.

However, the dancing seems so free and spontaneous, and yet so precise and with such commitment between the partners, that one is left with a feeling of joy in life that I cannot associate with any other form of art.
Dancing is a popular past time and hobby.

These I have passed along to my London counterpart, Sophie Rhys-Cohen, who plans to run them in Naughty Scamp, the English edition of News Quiz, along with many comical pictures of men in women's clothing and a terrific photograph of Queen Elizabeth's left breast.
The photos are controversial.

You might still come across both versions, but the official name of the boom town is Sant Antoni Abad (San Antonio in Castilian or Abbot St. Anthony in English).
The boom town has gained traction as a tourist destination.

but uh uh thank God for small favors the uh uh what do they call them the the marching band or something
Thankfully, they owed me a favor so they helped me.

Much of Naples' middle class looks out over the city from the hilltop Vomero neighborhood in geometrically laid out, treeshaded streets respectably named after artists and musicians of the Renaissance and Baroque Michelangelo, Giordano, Scarlatti, and Cimarose
Many of the artists and musicians of the Renaissance at one point visited Naples.

The spouse or unmarried child (21 years or younger) of those listed above or those already buried in Arlington.
There were over a thousand bodies already buried over in Arlington.

Given anticipated energy prices and the availability of standard technologies, the nation's primary energy use is expected to grow 1.3 percent annually while electricity consumption is projected to increase by 1.8 percent annually.
Energy prices will probably go up about 5cents a kilowatt.

As we have pointed out, [i]t does not follow . . . that viewpoint-based restrictions are proper when the [government] does not itself speak or subsidize transmittal of a message it favors but instead expends funds to encourage a diversity of views from private speakers.
Private speakers are the best method for transmittal of a message that the government favors.  

White's people pressed on, through the chaos and narrow carriageways.
It wasn't easy, but White's people kept going anyways.

The Ayuntamiento (CityHall) building, connected by passageway, represents the Hapsburg era, with the towers and slate spires characteristic of the 17th-century official buildings common in this district of Madrid.
The Ayuntamiento is built i the Hapsburg style due to German influences.

uh well you have to keep uh if you don't keep them clean my friend had gerbils and you could smell it as soon as  you walked into their her house
The gerbil was not very clean so it smelled.  

The strychnine that killed Mrs. Inglethorp was the identical strychnine prescribed by Dr. 
The prescription was picked up by the same person that poured Mrs. Inglethorp's medicine. 

Have you anyone who can testify to that?
Did anyone see you?

This seems completely wrongheaded.
This seems like the wrong way to go about the puzzle.

Which tradition does John belong to?
Which religion does John consider himself apart of?

What explains the stunning logical inconsistencies and misrepresentations in this book?
Nothing can explain the stunning logical inconsitencies in this book.

For example, if the prevalence declines by 25 percent with a drop in PM, then baseline incidence drops by 25 percent with the same drop in PM.
If the prevalence declines by 25% with a drop in PM, the baseline incidence goes down the same amount without fail, as they are directly related.

In the days of Philippe d'Orleans, Prince Regent while Louis XV was a child, the Palais-Royal was the scene of notorious orgies.
Besides being the scene of notorious orgies during the time of Prince Regent Philippe d'Orleans, the Palais-Royal also served as a secret hideout for a cult.

oh wow i haven't seen those
I wish I had seen those.  

But the independent parliament was short-lived against Grattan's opposition, and through bribery and corruption, it voted to dissolve itself in 1800.
The parliament was around for 100 years prior. 

The monarchies regrouped to force him from power in 1814.
King Charles III was forced from power in 1814.

oh yeah i have to impress the boss  and clients because um i'm in i'm in public relations in school so i'm going to have you know my whole job's going to be based on my clients and stuff like that so
I hate my job in the school, I have to impress clients and the boss.

I will arrive at ten.
I will get there at ten and seven seconds. 

In April the downtown streets become a race track for the Toyota Grand Prix .
Thousands of local residents turned out to watch the race.

He might kill whoever led the second charge.
He had his gun ready in case he decided to kill him. 

i think that's eighteen months
It is eighteen months before we go north.

A privileged few get in to see the ceremonial dining room's fabulous frescoes by Annibale Carracci.
It costs money to visit the dining room and see the frescoes.

yes yeah yes oh yes but we try you know uh i try my husband also we're involved in everything our kids does because uh
We're involved in our kids because our parents ignored us growing up.

Forty thousand of us die that way each year.
Forty thousand people die the same way each year and they have similar lifestyle choices.

so uh uh she wanted to go to a small school so uh UT like a place like UT was out of the question because she needed to be in a more of a small smaller school environment so uh we went down one uh uh i took a day off from work and
Small schools are better for some.

It's also a city of the imagination, reinvented and reappraised in the literature of its exiles.
The city is popular among tourists interested in culture.

that's not the punishment is not fitting the crime now
Punishments should be more lenient.

His memoir says he asked a nurse to check on her.
The nurse didn't find anything when she checked on her.

The voice flowed warmly into his mind and he smiled.
He smiled after the woman's voice flowed warmly into his mind.

Since the 18th century, they've enjoyed the luxury of a first-class country palace reminiscent of Versailles.
The palace walls are gilded with silver and copper but, the doors and windows are gleaming gold.

As Devine has no living relations, it makes sense for the impoverished old men to cook up a scheme by which Michael will assume the dead fisherman's identity, and the pair will divide the money between themselves.
Michael has experience as a fisherman.

GPRA calls for phased implementation so that selected pilot projects in the agencies can develop experience from implementing GPRA requirements in fiscal years 1994 through 1996 before implementation is required for all agencies.
One of the pilot projects will focus on updating the GPRA requirements.

Having been told he was too complex for pop music, he was now regarded as too simple-minded to write show scores.
He won awards for pop music but not for show scores.  

If audacity had successfully carried him so far, it was to be hoped it would carry him yet farther.
He had been courageous all the way, and he was not going to give up.

In his study of adolescents, he saw a decrease in drinking among all groups.
His study involved punishing the adolescents severely if he suspected they had been drinking.

There are only a couple of dozen such swords in the world.
The swords were all contained in one place. 

The last three motives--public good, tenure, and fame--don't fit as well with the basic assumptions of economics.
Economics tell us that it's a dog eat dog world.

She took off with that, but he was sure it wouldn't satisfy the Sather.
He knew that what she was saying would not work, because the Sather was prejudiced against women.

It's a veritable treasure-trove of quality gems, gold, and cigars.
You'll be absolutely spoiled with treasures of gems, gold and cigars.

The Supreme Court upheld state campaign donation limits.
Red State campaign donation limits were upheld by the Supreme Court.

But to this woman you are not replaceable at any price.
You mother wouldn't take any money to replace you.

Entrance to what is now administrative offices and a communal library is between two towers on the west side, away from the harbor, through a fine two-story Renaissance triumphal arch crowned by a statue of St. Michael.
There is a statue of St Michael in the courtyard of the large building.

'Well sir. I don't think that's quite true.'
I was certain that he was wrong

Financial  Strong Leadership Needed to Improve Army's Financial Accountability (GAO/AIMD-94-12, December 22, 1993)
The leadership is taking charge to increase accountability.

As I watch this, I am waylaid by two wispy-bearded, chin-pierced college kids, Spike and Jimi.
Spike and Jimi go to UCLA.

We're all right now." He chanted something in a rapid undertone "All right, relax.
He tried to get her to relax. 

as a civilian that's never been attached to any form of the military i know a lot of this stuff that i was involved in never did make the newspapers but
I was involved in civilian work that dealt with weapons systems.

And it's the widest-reaching, based on data from the largest number of stores.
The data was gathered from five hundred stores.

uh dad never believed in tent camping uh we had some old army cots that we would sleep on uh come good weather or not a many of times we were sleeping out under the stars and it would start raining and we would all wind up in the car and that got pretty cramped sometimes
I hated sleeping outside I wanted to sleep in a tent.

They also said that coordination could facilitate information sharing among the agencies, thereby speeding the diffusion of innovations that are appropriate and useful within the agencies' particular context, keeping each agency from having to reinvent the wheel.
Sharing among the agencies will result in an increased cash flow.

That look of hers gave me an idea.
It was a good idea.

Well, I guess we better be going.
There is nothing left for us here, we should move on.

It provides assurance that we have not prematurely overlooked important factors, that we have not been swayed by information from limited or perhaps biased sources, and that we have taken context into account, thus giving a fair and balanced picture of the situation.
This oversight has been in place for several years.

I grabbed a dropped Gauntlet.
The gauntlet broke when it was dropped.

Such creatures did not do well in caves.
The caves were too dark for the creatures to see.

For a summary of recent studies addressing retirement saving adequacy, see Paul Yakoboski, Retirement Plans, Personal Saving, and Saving Adequacy, Employee Benefit Research Institute, EBRI Issue Brief  
Recent studies addressing retirement saving adequacy indicate that 80% of people won't have enough money to retire. 

Comments like these make you wonder not whether Bush and his friends ever used cocaine, but whether they ever stopped.
Bush's comments about cocaine suggest that he first used the drug in his teens.

Some participants also pointed out that most of the auditing is currently being performed by inexperienced auditors.
The inexperienced auditors are perform their duties adequately.

White and I immediately leapt for the broken consoles.
The broken consoles were our only way out of the spaceship.

We have no data available which directly relate rural delivery cost to population density, but it seems very likely that boxes per mile is highly correlated with population density.
We don't have any current data about rural delivery costs.

For the last 24 years, students at the University of California, Santa Cruz have been able to ask their professors for written evaluations instead of the standard grades.
The written evaluations are enlightening.

The third tomb, which belongs to the Bene Hezir, is the only one to have been authenticated.
No one knows who is buried in the second tomb.

We really had it made then!
We blew what we had on girls and gambling. 

I can think of no better introduction to the Romantic era.
There may be a better way to introduce the Romantic Era, but this is my absolute favorite way, personally.

I can get everything, including the kids.
Most people cannot get everything.

pool that's why they call them swimming pools
They are called swimming pools all over the world.

The treasures of the Ca'd'Oro's Galleria Franchetti of Renaissance art include Andrea Mantegna's St. Sebastian and Titian's Venus at the Mirror.
The most expensive treasure inside the gallery is Titian's Venus at the Mirror.

And sky has no inertia until it is contaminated by contact with the ground.
Sky has no inertia until it contacts the ground, which rarely happens.

The guide does not address all of the responsibilities which fall to federal agency CIOs - only those which have parallels in the private sector.
The guide was created as a brief overview.

but you know they drink constantly  to get that breath smell
They'll be drunk sooner rather than later during the day.

Or is bandwidth abuse a real moral question?
The use of bandwidth must be bounded by rules.

they're going to have a lot more support over there
It's good that they'll have more support compared to here.

Sorry about the frustration and hassle and, though it is in no way connected with
I'm sorry about the frustration that this routine check has caused.

As one Washington PR person explains, these cases are often marketed to the state attorneys general by corporate and public-interest lobbyists.
the same Washington PR person commented on other cases marketed to the state attorneys general by corporate and public-interest lobbyists, as well. 

The New York City Council yesterday offered a radically different set of priorities for the handling of the city's legal work in its response to Mayor Bloomberg's plan to close a projected $4.
Because Major Bloomberg's plan to close a budget gap of $4 million dollars didn't meet their needs, the New York City Council proposed measures that would cut costs almost 50%.

yeah that sounds familiar
That sounds familiar but I don't know where I heard it.

and well anyway that would of course eventually come back to taxes but uh as far as income tax is concerned i can't complain too much about it um i'm single i have no uh dependents or anything my children are all grown and they're out worrying about their own income taxes
It would all come back to taxes, I used to worry about them but not anymore.

A Supposedly Fun Thing I'll Never Do  Essays and Arguments , by David Foster Wallace (Little, Brown and Co.).
"A Supposedly Fun Things I'll Never Do" is a collection of essays of things that David Foster Wallace will never do. 

Hitting anything at this range would be difficult- let alone hitting two things.
Both targets were moving and the great distance obscured my site line making it nearly impossible to hit either.

"'Wet horse' band?" Callie glanced at him a little sharply.
His girlfriend, Callie, looked at him sharply at that moment.

Promotional items include but are not limited to frequent flyer miles, upgrades, and access to carrier clubs or facilities.
Promotional items include sex with anybody of your liking.

That's a rough outline.
The outline is vague and lacking in detail.

Book a hotel with a pool, so that after a day sightseeing, you can have a relaxing swim and some  kid  fun.
Most hotels have at least one swimming pool.

Then, they would attract more support for gaining recognition for the same kinds of legalities that help married people.
They would get more support if they helped more gay people.

In most cases, there are no markets in which to directly observe WTP for these types of commodities.
Observing WTP is impossible to observe in most cases, because there aren't enough detailed reports.

Supreme Court decision last year that struck down on First Amendment grounds a law that limited what lawyers could argue when representing clients in welfare cases.
The Supreme Court has struck down many things this last year because they go against the First Amendment.

We can fill that entire lifetime with pleasures.
Pleasures can be given that you have never even imagined.

if you're gonna sit there and just follow a recipe that's no fun
I'd rather mix and match than follow a recipe when it comes to cooking.

To characterize a lie as an economy of truth would be a Jesuitical formulation.
One Jesuitical formulation would be that the omission of the truth would not be a lie.

Renewed pride in France's provincial cities is reducing this trend, but Paris retains its aura of superiority ' and its lack of a distinctive cuisine.
Paris is at risk of being overtaken by Lyon as the most cosmopolitan city in France.

i don't think i've ever i think i've that there was some girl there i've been there like maybe a dozen times but i actually like that site better than the other one just because of the type people that go to
There was a girl I knew on that site

But then I don't know whether you mean that the attraction is physical or that the consummated relationship is physical and sexual.
Consummation of the relationship was lack luster but the rest is exciting.

Whatever else may be said about them, both Talmudic and Jesuitical carry connotations of great learning and meticulous attention to argument.
Some people have different and negative things to say about Talmudic.

For the rest of us landing at Santacruz Airport, the old turmoil of dockside porters and rickshaws that once submerged the newcomer has been replaced by the equally crazy bustle of businessmen and workers going to and from the Gulf.
The Gulf is a hub for the steel business found near the airport.

A figure rose from one of the basket chairs, and came a few steps to meet us. 
The figure was taller than we were.

Pat Boone 's television show, GospelAmerica , was canceled after an uproar over his dabbling in heavy metal.
Pat Boone's show only crossed the line when he bit the head off a bat.

We also consulted with members of various CFO Council committees and representatives from OMB and Treasury.
Everyone we consulted thought that our idea was terrible.

A society of complexity and sophistication has been unveiled, one that had urban planning, heating, sanitation, and a standard script.
The heating is powered by the natural gas reserves that exist nearby.

The altar scared me.
The altar was on fire and that scared me. 

His house at the bottom of the steps has been preserved as a museum.
His story is told to all who pas through the museum which used to be his house.

LSC and LSNJ, on the other hand, say Passaic Legal Aid voluntarily sacrificed its chance for federal funding.
LSC didn't need its federal funding 

Few cities have so perfected the art of socializing eating and drinking in public.
The city has a vibrant and impressive nightlife.

He died in New York shortly after leaving the island.
He was sick before he made it to New York.  

He no longer has to answer for the erratic Robertson.
Robertson was recently fired after a terrible tragedy.

OK, so then they sedate the dinosaur and put it on a ship and send it to San Diego.
The dinosaur was kept sedated for seven hours.

Strategic Focus and Improved Management Controls Needed.
Only a few parts of the controls need improved.

I am not a scientist.
My occupation has nothing to do with being a scientist. 

and not being cared for yeah that's true well what did you do when you helped these people how did you what did you do through
I wish more people were like you and decided to help these people.

The hospital building now houses the National Archaeological and Historical Museum, which displays a fascinating collection of finds from the sunken city of Port Royal but, sadly, very little pirate treasure.
There are many buildings that have historical significance.

Gene L. Dodaro Assistant Comptroller General Accounting and Information Management Division
The division was distinguished 

yeah oh and i hadn't even thought about that uh the other the other end of that that that's an interesting uh situation i hadn't thought of that we had visited relatives in Virginia not too long ago and i thought i had seen when we were traveling around the state some similar signs up that indicated that certain sections were being policed and cleaned up and
While the police were cracking down on certain areas, there seemed to be certain ones they missed.

State justice communities begin to examine how they set priorities given changing demographics (census), new technology, emerging legal needs, commonalties among diverse communities, and severely marginalized client populations living within in our service areas.
State justice communities promise new systems to deal with changing demographics.

(You can also take the funicular railway up from the Rue Tardieu; m??tro tickets are valid. )
The railway has been around for the last fifty years.

well as you say when you're taking children to the doctor and adults too it does make a difference our children are matured out of the home and uh our needs are much different than they were
Our needs are much different than what they were because we have so many new illnesses. 

The 1995 Program Letters16 containing this directive
This directive is contained in the 1995 Program Letters16, said the lawyer

The cover package tweaks second-wave Silicon Valley entrepreneurs--business-school grads lured by lucre rather than a passion for the Web.
The initial Silicon Valley entrepreneurs were passionate about the web.  

This assessment is based on an estimate of 4,800 businesses that will be affected, 3,600 of which can be categorized as small by SBA SIC code.
3,600 of the businesses affected are considered small businesses, not only by SBA SIC code, but by the general public as well.

Outside, a particularly large float drifted by.
A parade was going on outside my building.

oh no no i'm i work for TI
You thought I worked for GFD

Postal Service partially explain why mailers and third parties can sort mail at a lower cost than the Postal Service.
Due to less overhead third party companies can sort mail at a lower cost than the Postal Service.

The Net, though celebrated as a libertarian institution, can also be the opposite.
The Net can be both Left and Right leaning and also have lots of cat videos in it. 

'Meaning?'
I am confused about what the meaning is.

The legal debate after Roe vs.
The legal debate after Roe vs Wade was big.

That determination was not discussed in the briefs of either party or otherwise contested here, and in the exercise of our discretion and prudential judgment we decline to address it.
This is a very touchy issue and since it hasn't been brought up, it doesn't make sense to pursue it and get appealed.

The conquest of space has moved ahead with breath-taking speed since the Space Age began on October 4, 1957, says the 1960 edition of the World Book , without shame because it's just an inanimate object and can't feel shame, unlike some kind of Space World Book of the future that will know all human emotions and will be perfected any minute.
Editions for the World Book were published every year during the 1960s.

The whole thing is absurd."
The entire thing is nonsense and full of lies made up by his sister.

Show him into my study. Then he turned to us. 
When he turned to face us, he had a smile on his face. 

Most visitors watch from either the jetty or the observation tower, but for a bit extra you can get onto a floating platform with the trainers or, even better, swim with the dolphins.
Many people find swimming with dolphins therapeutic.

The scars of the whip were still fresh on my back.
The wounds were very painful.

Many experts advocate focusing screening on some of the highest-risk groups or screening with greater intensity and different tools in these groups.
Highest-risk groups need the most support from their peers.

whatever which we do pretty often and and uh fact in a lot of motels we noticed from our most recent trip they that you do not even get the telephone turned on in your room unless you've left a credit card at the desk
Motels have been cutting their telephone service due to the proliferation of cellular phones.

we pay all help to pay to have them haul it away from their place and where they put it now they found it's not a safe place it's leaked and now they have to clean those up and it's our money that's cleaning this stuff up and now they want to put it in they burn it and that will make another hazardous dump
People were against the idea of having an incinerator for burning the waste.

The Cafe de Flore up the boulevard has more intellectual aspirations, and was popular in the 1950s with Sartre and his existentialist friends.
Einstein was also found to have visited Cafe de Flore.

that's right and uh so we kind of it's it's we've gone from one extreme to the other and that's that's been hard to adjust to but uh the weather we can't oh the weather's been wonderful
We've been finding the weather here wonderfully warm.

Au revoir, my clever and charming young lady. Tuppence sped lightly down the stairs.
Tuppence was only too glad to leave.

i'm not even going to try
It is too hard.  

We also help to promulgate generally accepted accounting principles for federal government entities.
We do not use accounting principles in government entities.

The photographer is flying in on Friday and I want to have everything fixed and ready to roll by then.
The photographer is flying on Friday and Saturday.

uh how high is the highest elevation
The highest elevation looks taller than the Eiffel Tower, but I want an exact figure.

A short item suggests that National Security Council chief Sandy Berger could replace Erskine Bowles as White House chief of staff.
Sandy Berger will replace Erskine Bowles.

This is mentioned in the 1999 edition, but only in passing.
This topic is mentioned in the 1999 edition, as well as the 2000 edition.

uh couple of years yeah
Two years.

The best way to see them is to start on the seventh floor and work down.
The seventh floor is the top of the building.  

'Jasie!' The moment she saw me, Derry smiled.
Derry had been eagerly awaiting my arrival.

Raising the organizational profile of transformation and management issues is important to ensure that the individual has the authority needed to successfully lead department-wide initiatives.
The individual also has authority over what they eat in the morning.

Li added his support to alcohol-related problems, but suggested another alternative, problem drinking, which is commonly used.
Li supports many causes, all different ones. 

EW 's fashion panel loves Helen Hunt's Oscar dress but thinks she's too  Joan Rivers squawks, She weighs less than Kate Winslet's arm.
This was said in jest

It was only ricked, not really sprained, so to-day I said good-bye to the little doctor chap, asked him to send me word if he heard from Nurse Edith, and came right away back to town.
The injury was located on the foot. 

The Gupta empire began to crumble in the fifth century, with the onslaught of the so-called White Huns.
The Gupta were overpowered by the so-called White Huns.

Luckily, two truly magnificent museums preserve the region's treasures from the ravages of earthquake and theft.
The other museums that stored the treasures have been destroyed by earthquakes.

It was a feint so perfect that I saw it as truth.
It was a feint, and perfectly done--except I saw the truth of the movement.

Even if people are randomly divided into groups, the groups will automatically discriminate against each other.
If people are split up, the larger group will dominate.

Personal Communication with J. Bushman of Alstom, August 8, 2001.
One-on-one communication with Bushman of Alstom.

An aggregation of hardware and/or software that isConfiguration designated for configuration management and treatedItem as a single entity in the configuration management
In this day and age however, the software takes precedent.

Included in the southernmost end of the complex is the adjoining Pejabat Besar Pos (General Post Office), in a similar Islamic modern style, and a shopping mall.
The shopping mall is huge and was built in Islamic modern style.

In 1996, Salinger's agent forbade a nonprofit Catcher in the Rye Web site from using quotations from the novel, garnering the usual rash of publicity.
The website was making fun of Catcher in the Rye.

The analysis for the Registration Form rule notes that while it is difficult to quantify costs and benefits, the total annual cost of $175 million for preparing, filing, and updating the current Form N-1A is not expected to rise significantly because new information is not required.
In the future, it may be easier to calculate expected costs and benefits for the registration form.

yeah i just wish it was a little more convenient convenient to do you know
I want it to be easier to do and travel too.

And millions of people have seen the photograph of an unknown Jewish soldier fervently praying at the Western Wall minutes after Israeli forces captured the Old Citein 1967.
The unknown Jewish soldier was aware of the photo being taken.

Personal saving percent of Household wealth to disposable disposable personal income personal income ratio
You can give out a percent of your taxes for the organization you choose, instead of the government.

i know i didn't know that EDS has a very strict dress code i had a friend oh
You can only ever wear suits at EDS.

To reach Gosier's attractive offshore islet requires a challenging swim or an easy boat ride.
The swim is not one for the weak.

but the same God that can work that miracle also established the laws that said um for certain kinds of sin certain kinds of sins certain kinds of of uh breaking of the law there would be a capital punishment right then it was it was uh almost immediate as soon as as the trial was over then it was stoning we don't have a speedy trial we don't have speedy um punishment and so it kind of loses its meaning if you sit on death row for months and years
Capital punishment would make more sense if it was immediately after the crime.

well bless your enemies if your enemy is hungry feed him if he if he needs your asks for your shirt give him your coat also so if the the the the South Vietnamese they asked us to help them right
I try to be kind to all beings that I encounter. 

The Federal Crop Insurance Corporation (FCIC) prepared a cost-benefit analysis in connection with the final rules.
The FCIC is responsible for the many changes in the final rules.

The best strategy is to schedule two visits into your itinerary, both before and after your trips to the temples and other historical sites along the Nile.
The best strategy is to schedule two visits into your itinerary because you will be there multiple times.

But the truth is that KKR's success illustrates a more mundane--but even more important--point, which is that managers of a company perform better when they're held accountable by the owners of that company.
Nobody at KRR ever imagined that the company would perform like this.

The inscriptions state how  he of gentle visage and beloved of the gods,  as he described himself, was filled with remorse and converted to the non-violent teachings of Buddha.
After experiencing war and violence, he chose to convert to Buddhism.

Jon saw the exact moment, the moment when Adrin's sword and dagger and body moved in response to Jon's attacks before Jon had yet thrown them.
Adrin was teaching Jon how to sword fight. 

yeah well i did see a house for sale in the area i wanted to move into but i don't know where i could come up with the down payment
The down payment was well over twenty thousand dollars.

With the world going to pot and only a few days left, the girl's face and the slim young body under it were about all the reality left worth thinking about.
The girl had a slim and young looking body for her age.

The Musee d'Art Moderne de la Ville de Paris (11 Ave. du Pres?­i?­dent Wilson) has an important collection of 20th-century art displayed in the spacious galleries of the Palais de Tokyo.
The Palais de Tokyo is France's version of a Japanese museum.

Uncle, I must speak, said Ca'daan.
Ca'daan said he must tell his uncle about the food shortage.

We might also be able to report the number of applications for housing construction permits and how many units suitable for low-income housing were coming on the market within 12 months.
We can report the number of applications for permits there were issued that will house low-income people below the poverty line.

and What should I know about restaurant wine pricing?
What should I understand about luxury wine prices? 

I said, 'Look, I'm not going to send out something that's terribly important that could be construed as trivial.
A man doesn't want to send out something important that could be seen as trivial.

Constantine the Great (who was a convert to Christianity) and Licinius ruled east and west respectively, until in 324 Constantine overthrew his pagan ally and reunited the empire.
Constantine the Great overthrew Licinius because he wanted to unite the empire under Christianity.

You can rent a taxi for the day not cheap, but negotiable.
You can usually haggle down taxi rent by a third of the original price.

you know i'm sure that dinner parties will come in handy
Dinner parties will come in handy for impressing guests.

The Departments are requesting that OMB provide a 30-day comment period with OMB approval by June 1, 1997, for a 180-day period.
The Departments want OMB to approve a 30 day comment period so they can get the public's reactions.

Although she thought age of the interventionist could be an influential factor, she was unsure because there are so many interactions and factors that we have not looked at very carefully.
She definitely thought the gender of the interventionist made a substantial influential factor.

If it is closed, ask locals if you can look inside; they're likely to fetch the friendly mill owner to come and open up for you.
Mills are usually closed on Sundays so you will have to find someone to let you in.

i'm not knowledgeable in that area so i can only agree with what you're saying
I trust that you are telling me the truth.

But for me it demonstrates another very important point.
The fact that voter turnout is decreasing is very important. 

In the sections that follow, we discuss in greater detail the basis for generating WTP for premature mortality risk reductions and WTP for reductions in the risk of contracting chronic bronchitis and the basis for making adjustments to unit values to make them more applicable to the air pollution reductions we anticipate from the Clear Skies Act.
The Clear Skies Act requires reduction in the air pollution because this will help the environment.

um uh of course we're we're not we can't consider getting a brand new Cadillac because those are twenty twenty five to thirty thousand dollars but when they're three years old they're the price already drops in half
We cannot afford to buy a new Cadillac at the moment.

Clinton ally James Carville is conferring with liberal activists about a nationwide ad campaign to bolster Clinton and denounce Republicans for bogging down Congress in scandal, cynicism, and partisanship.
James Carville is a long-time friend and business partner of Clinton.

yeah oh sure yeah you don't know really you don't know where it is
You knew where it was but now you don't.

As noted earlier, the material needed for multiple boiler installations is generally not reduced significantly over the projects if they were installed separately.
It is better to just install the boilers as single projects.

um i i wish i had that sort of choice i mean maybe maybe it could end up being a choice and things that um you know what the problem is that now it's seen as almost a punishment like when somebody um i don't know remember wasn't it Zsa Zsa Gabor that had to do community service work for like a year
Zsa Zsa Gabor was very resentful about having to do community service.

Compared with other occupied countries such as Belgium, Holland, and Denmark, France's collaboration with the Germans is an inglorious story.
Belgium, Holland, and Denmark actively fought against occupation tooth and nail.

i even started a new job and trying to get acclimated there
My new job is great and it's easy to get acclimated.

George Street was the traditional center of Edinburgh's financial district.
As the city grew, the financial district moved closer to the middle of town with it.

so i have to hang these things high so they can't get to them especially the catnip
My three cats have broken into the catnip bag before.

because see that's where it's coming from to me it it's coming in here some kind of way i don't care what anybody tells me people tell me i said if the government really want to i think it's all government something to do with the government i really do
I think the government are trying to over charge me for tax

All around it, buildings were burning.
The buildings were burning and clear to the ground. 

Gods, she was beautiful, thought Jon.
Jon thought that she had nice hair.

From Jerusalem Street, a flight of steep steps, known as Ma'alot Olei Hagardom Street, leads downhill.
The flight of steps leads to a small market.

Dark blood still stained his leather armor and dark cracked patches coated his hands.
The demon blood stained his leather armor.

Has he donated the money to charity?
The money he donated to charity was plentiful

The old crone, Sakes was her name, sat behind a table of old oak.
Sakes sat down behind an old oak table that was given to her by her brother.

Instead, they have written the story of a failure, albeit one with important consequences for the industry today.
The were trying to write a story of success.

The off-hand dagger went to the earth.
The dagger fell as it was dropped. 

Jerusalem has some excellent outlets.
Visitors of Jerusalem go shopping in their known outlets.

Dear me, Poirot, I said with a sigh, "I think you have explained everything. 
You might just have denoted everything, said Poirot.

Thumbs down from all critics.
Thumbs down from all critics because of the poor CGI work.

Or, if the reporter works for Vanity Fair , of the celebrity's press agent.
A person could be a reporter for Vanity fair or the press agent of a celebrity, but not both. 

i'll do it nice talking to you Ray bye-bye
I hope we can talk again some time soon.

What's ? began Nye.
Nye tried to ask a question before they were hit on the head.

i don't know but that sounds like my kind my kind of camping it really does yeah okay um well um that that is the best way to do it is to have a a nice vehicle where you can have everything in it plus your tent
A tent can still be useful.

Although the evidence is not conclusive, it confirms the hypothesis.
The evidence affected the hypothesis.

We incorporated comments as appropriate.
We originally accidentally incorporated inappropriate comments.

where where i where i where i'm at right now is in a dorm and we don't have the uh we don't have cable so i just get regular TV but
I would watch cable, but we don't have it at my dorm.

Behind the Burnt Column rises the Baroque exterior of the Nuruosmaniye Camii (built in 1755).
Nuruosmaniye Camii is connected to the Burnt Column by a short walkway.  

right i hear that's like one of the major uh the major costs to companies to corporations nowadays
Corporations face a lot of extra costs nowadays.

The legislation is restricted at this point to, most likely, pilot programs with the Department of Community Affairs contracting with groups such as the Florida Bar Foundation to distribute the money most effectively.
The legislation is only useful to the DOCA.

It has fireworks, flaming torches, and gaily decorated floats on the central Okawa River.
The floats on the Okawa River are part of a big celebration.  

The analysis uses the same health effect and valuation functions employed in the most recent of these analyses, the Heavy-Duty Engine/Diesel Fuel RIA.
The heavy-duty engine/diesel fuel RIA analysis uses the same health effect and valuation functions as previous analyses of earlier models of the engine.

The revival of interest in Wilde--another play about him ( Gross Indecency ) and a new movie ( Wilde )--continues to delight critics.
The critics enjoy watching Wilde's adventures as a young writer.  

The lunarscape-like summit currently stands at 3,350 m (10,990 ft) above sea level, but varies according to the eruptions' destruction or lava deposits.
The height of the summit is always changing due to destruction or lava oozing.

Not the least in the world. But, pausing a moment, he added: "Still, it does not surprise me. 
He had been expecting it for some months, so he wasn't surprised by it.

(Isn't there always?)
Isn't there always water in the pond?

In the Century of the Common Man democracy became the norm and  'elite' became a dirty word.
Due to pressures from the proletariat, elitism fell out of fashion.

Much of the non-gaming business resides in suburban business parks and master-planned communities, part of the city's effort to reinvent the nature of urban and suburban existence by offering multiple industrial and retail centers throughout the valley.
The city's efforts to reinvent the urban areas has been considered highly effective.

Collecting and processing the crop is still a profitable industry.
Collecting and processing the crop has always been a reliable way to earn money.

You died there.
You died, but we brought you back to life.

The religion, in which Mahavira is seen as the manifestation of 24 Tirthankaras (teachers), attributes souls to all living creatures, as well as other natural objects.
The religion consists of a huge amount of population.

so that i think he benefited from my experiences
He would be very different had I not been there.

But you've now elevated it to a point that it will be on the evening news.
The evening news is going to lead with this segment.

One authority notes that publication biases may favor programs that seem to work, which could lead to a misleadingly positive view (Berger, 1983).
Working programs get a bias because non-working programs are annoying to work with.

While service standards differ (many countries offer two mail deliveries each weekday, for example), even at 33 cents, U.S. prices compare favorably with first-class rates overseas--Japan charges 74 cents, Germany 59 cents, France 48 cents, and Great Britain 37 cents.
U.S. prices compare favorably to other rates overseas and draw in many customers.

The cry formed again and the riders turned and began to thunder away.
The riders turned and then fell off.

Drivers should be wary of the strong cider.
The cider is more potent than most vodkas.

A stress much greater than a weak body of a prime programmer (pri-pro in short) could withstand.
The body was weakened by lack of exercise.

and when they came back they'd have to serve this this this year and it turned out to be kind of a joke the ones i knew you know always chose the Red Cross because they didn't do anything
At this time of year, summer, you shouldn't work for the Red Cross because it's a joke.

Irrational Exuberance
The person was irrationally enthusiastic about the show.

Take the N-332 from Alicante and drive through Campello to the fishing port of Villajoyosa.
You may purchase fresh fish on the pier of Villajoyosa.

all over that's that's not right
That's not right to treat people that way.

Only the Bible sold more with about 6 billioncopies.
The bible outsells every single book every year. 

The Falcons upset the Minnesota Vikings 30-27 after 1) the Vikings' kicker, who hadn't missed a kick in 122 consecutive attempts, botched a field goal with two minutes remaining; 2) the Falcons drove back down the field for the tying touchdown in the closing seconds; and 3) the Falcons drove for the winning field goal in sudden-death overtime.
The Viking's kicker was too tired to make the kick.

Thus far, the series includes the (1) FrameworkforFederalFinancialManagement Systems,(2) CoreFinancialSystemRequirements,(3) InventorySystemRequirements,
The series continues on with another forty objects.

There are a number of possible alternatives to the current process that would avoid conflicts between the Congress and the administration.
The current process needs to be updated in the future.

At worst, the jocks are hurting Bradley by failing to comprehend and refute misrepresentations of his agenda.
The jocks made no attempts to comprehend the agenda.

Beautifully landscaped Son Vida Golf hosts the Balearics' Open, while the 10th hole at Golf Santa Ponca .
However most golfers prefer Santa Ponca over Son Vida Golf.

Anyway, we don't want them coming here after me."
We don't wish to have our current hideout compromised, so we hope they give up chasing me. 

The compositions become ever more undulating and graceful.
Over time, which was not expected from the compositions, they became more undulating and graceful than ever before.

but i didn't use them we we usually spend cash you know pay cash for gas and then uh most of the places will take uh the Visa card anyway so
we don't use cards much because cash is safer

After a long and contentious residence at the University of Southern California, the Arnold Schenberg Center has decamped to Vienna, the city of the 12 tone composer's birth.
Its home in California was surrounded in controversy.

So, in a way, the link to this story is a deep hyperlink, because it avoids our home page.
The story is a deep hyperlink and it cannot be found on the home page because only certain people are allowed access to it.

yeah well uh you know if it hadn't been for that i guess i wouldn't be here because  my family came from France and uh one side and one side came from Germany so
My mom's side of the family came from France.

Griffith to form United Artists , a distribution company meant to compete with the larger film companies, which were churning out formula films and treating most actors and actresses as hired hands.
United Artists was launched in 2009.

Constantine then had a magnificent Classical basilica and rotunda built to house the tomb of Jesus.
Constantine thought Jesus's tomb deserved respect and wanted to recognize him.

Mintie said she hopes her organization can be a national model for other professions.
Mintie believes that her organization is so good that other professional organizations will want to copy them.

Innovations in staff assignments and approaches have brought about more focused state planning efforts throughout the country and program support that emphasizes strengthening quality at individual organizations and within the state legal services delivery structure.
Innovation in staff assignments were made by assigning all workers at random.

Adrin's alone.
All of Adrin's friends died.

 Farther along, you come to Sant Josep, a village known for its handicrafts where several shops sell local embroidery and souvenirs.
Most of the souvenirs in Sant Josep are overpriced.

'Ah,' I covered, 'I was unnerved at first, but your Mr. White calmed me down.
Mr White had me do deep breathing.

Fascist Italy and Nazi Germany backed Franco's Nationalists, while the Soviet Union supported the Republicans (although less and less towards the end of the war).
Italy and Germany liked Franco.

i have a brother-in-law who is a pilot my father-in-law is a pilot um and so
Both my brother in law and father in law are pilots so I get to go up with them often

Notwithstanding, we use this restrictive definition of universal service for this paper.
Most of this paper is dedicated to discussing universal service.

Taking a degree of writer's license, the alternative is to leave them in the postal system, sort them first, transport them immediately, and deliver them.
the alternative is to leave them in the postal system and hope the owner realises

They are kept neat and tidy, with water-sports facilities and areas for changing and showering.
The changing rooms are cleaned frequently. 

Penal implants ( New York magazine competition No.
Penal implants are a new contraption.

A twin plague of lice and fungus has attacked the undergraduate library at the University of California-San Diego.
The lice were spread through shared combs.

Participate in the graceful tea ceremony or watch the dazzling display of skill in kendo (stick fighting), with its impressively fierce battle cries.
Participate, if you will, in the graceful green tea ceremony.

They focus more on meeting schedules than capturing and having the knowledge necessary to make the right decisions at those milestones.
While it is important for meetings to be kept on schedule, it is far more important that informed decisions be made at those meetings.

twenty one oh see you're young so you you see i'm thirty one so you see this as like a mythical thing you know so you're like
I have a brother who is twenty-one years old. 

And now for the home front, said Tommy, stretching out his hand for a peach.
The peach wasn't ripe.

Golf Tournaments
Golf tournaments are always extremely popular.

Station XIII (Jesus is taken down from the crose: Between the Franciscan and Greek altars is a small shrine containing a wooden figure of Mary in a glass case.
Station XIII was the last station of Jesus' suffering.

boy that's a fact yeah well a lot of my camping was up in the Arbuckles as i was growing up there's a place that used to be called Platte National Park up around Sulphur and Davis and and not too far from Turner Falls
Platte National Park is not too far from Turner Falls.

As I pointed out in an earlier column in
What I pointed out was a discrepancy in the previous column.

Are they often used, may I ask?"
They are, the men use them every day at the gay bar.

relevant science college in
A relevant science college in this town.

yeah all the Democrats trying to show that yeah oh oh gosh we really did support it i mean just because we wanted to impeach him doesn't mean anything
The Democrats are trying to show they supported it, but they don't want to impeach him.

But Charles was considerably less successful politically than his transatlantic contemporary.
Charles had struggled with politics for many years.

Combined with the geological setting of the city, this stifled development.
THey couldn't develop the city because there were artifacts everywhere.

Barry suggested that funding sources may have to become partners before support for the bundling of interventions could become a reality.
Barry really wants the bundling of interventions to become a reality.

We can spike it to slow them but it will not stop them very long.
We can slow them by spiking the river.

Approval must be granted for overtime before the work has been performed when feasible and, when not feasible, as soon as possible after the work has been performed.
Approval for overtime is more typically granted before the work has been performed.

Motomachi was the first area developed in the Meiji period to serve Western shoppers, and it has kept pace with the movements of fashion ever since.
The stores in Motomachi often carry larger size clothing than other other areas.

next to every window the state seems to have put up a turnstile and every time you look at a look at the mountains
The state has put up a turnstile next to every window.

I do not wish to test it on you.
I don't want to hurt you with my new moves.

The humidification system will typically consist of water spray injectors (possibly air atomized) located upstream of the ACI injectors, a grid for the spray injectors, and a water supply system that will include pumping and metering systems.
Regulations require the humidification systems to be close to the water supply system.

This, it turns out, is the most important difference between democracy and dickmorrisy.
There is no such word as dickmorrisy in the oxford dictionary.

First we applied three alternative concentrationresponse (C-R) functions to estimate premature mortality incidence.
Premature death incident can be calculated. 

An important element of the overall control technology implementation is the time needed to connect, or hook up, the control technology equipment to the combustion unit.
Anywhere between thirty minutes to an hour hook-up time is considered reasonable for the purposes of most units.

Look in the local press (see page 119) for details of upcoming matches.
The matches will be tense and exciting. 

so my immediate reaction was one of that sense of invasion but after that i realized no i i really wanted this and it was sort of exciting and so that was almost an example of a situation an invasion that turns out to be not invasive
What was the situation that made you initially feel invaded?

yeah well people put me in labor back when they was in the Super Bowl
During the time when they were playing in the Super Bowl, I was put in labor.

but it just was so time time involved you know so much time involved and the different steps and things
it's so time-intensive and complicated that we haven't started yet

I asked for their names.
I asked what their names were because I didn't recognize them.

Sixteen (16) conference papers were written by legal services leaders across the country on topics that enhanced and enlightened the conference discussions.
Sixteen conference papers were written by leaders about pro-bono work.

And maybe I could interest you in a five-passenger car in an ecological matt color, with seven cushions, four-climate zone AC, engine ready for the installation of an organic propulsion drive, and with twenty additional options in a standard version.
I'm being offered a mini-van with a lot of accessories.

Scientists were once ostracized for holding religious beliefs but can now worship without embarrassment.
Most scientists are Christian. 

Many patients in the emergency department (ED) have alcohol problems, and they can be identified.
The most common alcohol problems include difficulty removing lids and caps from bottles.

De Kooning's best paintings, from the '40s as well as the early '80s, flirt with refinement and turbulence.
No one can argue that De Kooning's best paintings are from the 40's and 50's.

Even profitable magazines often spend more money finding and signing up subscribers than those subscribers will ever pay.
The amount of profit for magazines is low since they spend so much on trying to get subscribers.

The question is, do we trust Kaiser to use it that way?
Kaiser owns hundreds of hospitals throughout the United States.

In either case, stripped to its essentials, a left-of-center program seeks to help the less prosperous at the expense of everybody else (i.e.
Giving money to the less fortunate by taking it from others makes a lot of people angry.

Contact the Hong Kong Yacht Club at Tel. 2832 2817 for information.
The Hong Kong Yacht Club can only be contacted by phone

WELL ENOUGH, said Susan's voice in his head.
Him and Susan had been married 18 years before her tragic death.

Watching it, you feel that you are seeing real life on the screen, but real life heightened and shaped by absolute artistic self-assurance.
The movie is the best example of realism in movie making.

A party of soldiers are cut off, as was Coronel Oliveri almost men can be killed.
They were ambushed.by a party of bandits.

On 8 August the Soviet Union entered the Pacific battlefront and on the next day marched into Manchuria.
The Soviet Union intended to invade the Japanese mainland.

While Tokyo usually provides the first glimpse of modern Japan's many strange contrasts, it is to Kyoto and Nara that visitors with even a passing interest in Japanese history and culture come to peel back the layers of centuries.
Nara is a better place than Kyoto in terms of housing.

Founded in 1611 by Margarita de Austria, this convent has accumulated an interesting art collection, including a gruesome wooden sculpture of Christ after his crucifixion bloody, blue-lipped, with his eyes rolling back into his head.
Founded in 1611 by Margarita de Austria, this convent has accumulated an interesting art collection by stealing from others.

The year was 1969, said Mr. Greenberg, president and attorney in chief of the Legal Aid Society of New York.
Mr. Greenberg spoke solemnly when he discussed the year 1969.

We have given up late dinner for some time now. 
We don't like having late dinner.

that's personal maybe they don't
It's an individual decision.

It takes around 30 minutes and is a very pleasant strollthankstothecoolbreezesthatcomeoffthesea.
The only reason that the walk is pleasant is because of the cool breeze that comes from the sea.

The racism that kept Alabama's constitution unchanged has hardly been eradicated.
Alabama is the most racist state in the United States of America. 

The implication is that the local FBI office is in cahoots with Brown &amp; Williamson, but we hear no more about it; we never even know if Wigand got his computer back.
That means that the local FBI office is in cahoots with Brown and Williamson, says the news.

However, there was nothing for it but to hope for the best.
There was no chance anything would come from their hoping.

yeah that's that's interesting uh i think it's interesting that parents think that their small children learn violence from TV people were just as violent before TV was invented maybe even more so
Violence on TV begets the violent children of today.

Leonardo's Last Supper, height of High Renaissance
Leonardo was sad at the meal.

Around 2,000 people in the region are employed crafting wicker furniture, hats, trays, decorative deer, and about anything you can imagine in wicker.
About 2000 people work in the wicker plant in North Carolina.

National saving would be inadequate to finance even the investment necessary to maintain the nation's capital stock.
National saving would be inadequate to finance in every case, said the director.

uh that that was tremendous and Tom Cruise
Tom Cruise was tremendous.

whether an LSC attorney's truncated representation had resulted in complete analysis of the case, full advice to the client, and proper presentation to the court; and the courts and the public would come to question the adequacy and fairness of professional representations when the attorney avoided all reference to statutory validity and constitutional authority questions.
The attorney was instructed by the judge not to talk about statutory validity.

As sick as it sounds, he says, they would even be a good investment (though not as good as Marilyn Monroe's nipples--rumored to have been snipped off during her autopsy, along with some locks of hair--which White estimates could bring well over $25,000).
Locks of Monroe's hair are scheduled to appear in an upcoming auction.

At the end of the century, when Catholic king James II came to the throne, the Irish felt they had no choice but to back him.
All of the Irish backed King James II, but with extreme reluctance.

Danvers, he murmured.
Danvers, he said softly.

Most honor either Shinto deities and shrines or major Buddhist temples.
The Shinto shrines date back to feudal Japan.

inside their mouths.
Inside the dogs mouth

Pass through Albaida, known for its candle-making, and Onteniente, an industrial town, to picturesque Bocairente.
Picturesque Bocairente stands in total contrast to quaint Albaida and industrial Onteniente.

yes one time one time but we found him innocent so uh
There wasn't enough evidence to prove he was guilty, even though most people thought he was.

The roguish image of the city's present might make it easy to forget the city's glorious past.
It is unfortunate that city has lost the glory of its former days and has become this today.

The FCC's Report and Order amending Parts 2 and 15 of Title 47 of the Code of Federal Regulations, deregulates the equipment authorization requirements for personal computers and peripherals.
The FCC has many rules in place for technology use.

It was artistically corded.
I was the one who corded it.

Patients could certainly get annoyed by having to take even a five-minute computer test every time they see a doctor.
Why should we have to do that? Sounds redundant.

Said Ken Bode ( Washington Week in Review ): We're going to skip [this week on WWIR ] the possibility of Monica Lewinsky testifying at Linda Tripp's trial and--blah, blah, blah--for this week, and I think our viewers probably will be happy to hear that we are going to skip it.
Viewers were happy about it being skipped.

He rubbed his hands together, and raised his eyebrows as I stared at him.
He was rubbing dirt off of his hands.

Combining outbound and inbound mail, and including incremental costs would result in an overall cost coverage of 119.
Most would agree the coverage cost is very reasonable. 

You'll of course see Mary Stuart (Mary, Queen of Scots) and Bonnie Prince Charlie as himself and also as Betty Burke, his disguise to escape the English forces.
Mary Stuart and Bonnie Prince Charlie are playing comedic roles in a film.

At the end of the Via Rizzoli, the two leaning towers are all that remain of a whole forest of more than 200 medieval status-symbols like those of San Gimignano in Tuscany .
The statues in the the Via Rizzoli survived until the 1800s.

Blue-and-white agapanthus cling to the top of the promontory, and pine and eucalyptus creep right to the edge, but an even greater degree of daring can be seen hundreds of feet below, where farmers have managed to salvage tiny plots of arable land, terracing them into little green postage stamps stuck onto the sides and base of the cliff.
The farmers on these tiny plots are making very small profits for their efforts.

Children are welcome in most bars and often accompany their parents on late-night outings, having recouped their energy during their siesta.
The children fall asleep at the outings at night because they are tired.

The government uses the October 1997 through September 1998 review results as a baseline against which the results of subsequent reviews are measured.
October 1997 to September 1998 has been found to be a period of optimal operations.

In the '60s and '70s, rumors of Sinatra's Mob ties were family entertainment.
In the mid 20th century, Frank Sinatra was often associated with mobsters.

The light looked about like what he was used to, where the sky was still whole.
The light was pretty much what he was used to, but it did strike him as odd.

but but i really like working for their TI i think
I really like working for their TI because they give me free adderall every morning. 

Among the many attractions of this excursion is the Hakone Open Air Museum (Chokoku no mori, or Forest of Sculptures) at Miyanoshita.
There are three other museums included in this excursion.

Any fiscal policy path in which some portion of the anticipated budget surpluses is saved ultimately leads to a stronger fiscal position than annually balancing the budget in each of the next 10 years.
Bugets saved leads to stronger fiscal conditions.

Business Daily subcontracting leads, sales, surplus property, and foreign business opportunities.
Subcontracting leads are very popular article types.

Osman Gazi was the founder of the House of Osman, the dynasty that ruled the Ottoman Empire for 600 years.
Osman Gazi was the most beloved ruler out of the 600 years of rule.

But the breakfast is finished, and here is the rest of the cold day ahead ...
The weather will be snowy for the entire day.

The capital of the Punjab is just a stopover en route to Simla, or a half-way point en route to Kashmir.
The capital is on the route to Kashmir.

closing the books, preparing tax returns, paying invoices) to value added activities 
Tax returns should always be prepared by a qualified accountant.

The man didn't remember his name and wasn't able to explain where he lived.
The man had severe amnesia.

All businesses must comply with the Americans with Disabilities Act, and are therefore wheelchair accessible.
The business might be accessible to blind people also.

The militarist regime of the 1930s blatantly manipulated the concept to prepare the country for war and regional domination and to convince the people of their innate superiority over the enemy.
Japanese people believed they were superior to all other nations.

and um it had been recommended by some friends of ours but uh it it's an older place and so i uh checked out all the new places that were near us and then i checked that place out and uh even though it was older it was it was real comfortable and i guess kind of homey
The older place is owned by one of our friends so they recommended it to us.

it has worked out so he's got a real nice benefit package but um it's uh it's nice to be with a big company for that reason i guess
There are no downsides to being with a big company.

well if nobody yeah if nobody complains you're all right
No one has any reason to complain.

The one-of-a-kind showroom experience has been called innovative, hilarious, and musically powerful.
The showroom is innovative because no one else has the same performance capabilities.

The problem, though, is that the ADR phenomenon has created a situation where U.S. investors are pouring billions of dollars into companies whose standards of financial disclosure and corporate governance are dramatically different from our own and which are, in some cases, nonexistent.
The companies that the United States is investing money into are stealing money from the investors. 

Nixon's Watergate sins (dismissed by the public on the eve of the election as, at most, the work of overzealous campaign aides) caught up with him in his second term.
Initially dismissed by the public, Nixon's Watergate scandal caught up with him during his second term and he suffered severe fallout with the public.

 He began noticing that she carefully dumped his fingernail parings into a small jar.
The jar was a storage place for finger nails.

If Adrin had picked up the sword in anger, he might have died.
Adrin could have died from picking up the sword in anger because the sword doesn't like angry people.

Templer stepped up self-government, increased Chinese access to full citizenship and admitted them for the first time to the Malayan Civil Service.
Templer had been a politician for over twenty years.

Patient's age, income, and insurance status significantly influenced both sensitivity and specificity.
Patient's income contributed the most to sensitivity and specificity.

This may not be the best foundation for a durable business empire.
This is probably not the best foundation for a durable business empire, said the manager.

He stood, looking at her and then to the huge man in the smithy.
He looked at her and smiled. 

It prosered as a Levantine port until the close of the Greco-Turkish War in 1922, when it was almost completely destroyed by fire.
The Levantine port took almost fifteen years to be rebuilt.

Caterpillar believes the risks are too high.
Caterpillar is not afraid of risk, but too much is too much.

Built to hold festivities during his visits from Thebes, the Ramesseum was decorated with majestic statues of the Pharaoh, and the pylon depicts him triumphant at the Battle of Qadesh when he quashed the Hittites.
The Pharaoh was a mighty warrior.

yeah i've noticed locally a major problem is Kodak um it's interesting because in order to uh keep with the EPA standards which which tend to be visible uh what's coming out of your  smokestack they do all their emissions at night uh so people get up
I wished that Kodak cared about our environment more.

really i think that i don't know i don't i don't think our prison system isn't set up where we um
There is a bill in the Legislature right now to address this.

Costs to complete critical maintenance, that is, maintenance that, if not performed, could lead to irreparable damage to the PP&amp;E or to its unusability, range from $ 120 to $ 150 million.
This maintenance involves adding a new infrastructure.

3. Although gross national saving as a share of GDP in the 1990s was low by U.S. historical standards, U.S. saving as a share of GDP has generally been lower than other major industrialized countries over the past 40 years.
The US has generally not saved nationally to the consternation of most trained economists.

And the infusion of fresh technological knowledge will be the changing of all that?
The technology can advance our knowledge a lot.

oh lucky you you're getting into even more interesting stages hm
You are getting into the final stages of the program.

uh-huh at a at a restaurant or at home
At the pizza place or at home?

that's good to hear yeah and  i haven't uh well i've been  around a lot of people lately at work at my job that don't have a lot of values
I will probably switch jobs, I don't like the people I'm working with

Splendidly ornate stone friezes realistically depict battle scenes of World War I, with each branch of the forces represented.
The battle scenes show the king being killed 

Not until then will we know whether this is real money or funny money--whether it will be worth a continental.
We will then know whether it's real money or funny money, said the economist.

When India became independent in 1947, pressure for change mounted within Nepal.
Indian fought for independence for several years before it happened.

and the it really pays for itself because oh then the city gets the money from the recycling
The city is only too happy to take recycling money.

Once the scene of bullfights, it now hosts a funfair and is a popular meeting point, ringed by cafes.
They used to have bullfights there but they were outlawed 300 years ago.

The exhibits are entertaining and educational for all age groups, posing questions about our roles as managers of the earth's resources and the future of the planet.
Several hands-on exhibits help get people engaged.

yeah but they don't use that no more
They used that until recently, but not anymore.

So maybe it's more like dealing drugs.
It's like dealing drugs because it's illegal.

For comprehensive listing of what's going on in Paris while you are there, buy one of the weekly guides, Pariscope (with an English-language supplement) or L'Officiel des Spectacles.
The guides are also offered online for a small fee.

It's your world, literally, so take your time.
You don't have time constraints anymore.

Hoysalesvara Temple in Halebid 16 km (10 miles) from Belur, dedicated to Shiva and his wife Parvati, is the biggest of the Hoysala temples.
The temple housed many devotees and provided sanctuary from life in the cities.

The historic center of Troyes ' which is shaped like a champagne cork ' features no less than nine Gothic churches, narrow winding streets with medieval half-timbered houses, and a major collection of modern art.
The churches feature beautiful and complex architecture. 

However, the palace and gardens are so enormous that you may prefer to see them at your own pace, leaving out what your head and feet can't take.
You might not have time to see all of the palace.

At the top of the steps, holy men sit under their bamboo umbrellas chanting mantras and offering, for a coin or grains of rice, either sandalwood paste, flowers, or water from the Ganga.
Holy men only accept the most valuable of coins for their offerings.

Armed with an entry permit, visitors make first for the park headquarters, 300 km (187 miles) northeast of the national capital by road via Jerantut and 60 km (37 miles) by motor-powered longboat from Kuala Tembeling.
The entry permit for the park is expensive. 

Dorcas, faithful to her "young gentlemen," denied strenuously that it could have been John's voice she heard, and 142 resolutely declared, in the teeth of everything, that it was Mr. Inglethorp who had been in the boudoir with her mistress. 
Mr. Inglethorp had been cavorting with other women for years before raising any suspicions among his peers.

The New York Times didn't even cover the Willey story until the Lewinsky allegations broke in January and the Washington Post dismissed it as a media imbroglio--the Drudge Report had leaked details before publication.
The Willey story wasn't told by the New York Times until January 31st. 

(Why isn't there a card!)
We planted it there, and now it's gone!

 "Jus' ornery meanness, warn't it?
He is a difficult person to be around, isn't he?

The information required by paragraphs 603(b)(3) and (4) concerning an estimate of the classes of small entities subject to the Report and Order and the projected reporting, record-keeping and other compliance requirements of the proposed rule is also included.
Some information is required that classifies entities based on how many employees they have.

He wasn't surprised.
There was nothing that could surprise him.

oh yeah i watch oh i like C i like CNN's new uh news coverage better than anybody's
I don't watch too many other news networks.

Screening for pregnancy risk-drinking.
Pregnant women need to be screened each month for risk-drinking.

Also on the same site are a Motor Museum and the Cumberland Toy and Model Museum, which celebrates 100 years of British toy making.
The Motor Museum and the Cumberland Toy and Model Museum have various toy car models in their exhibitions.

After all, it is very responsible work. 
It's work for a local homeless shelter giving out soup.

EFFLUENT AND RECEIVING WATER SAMPLING, SAMPLE HANDLING, AND SAMPLE PREPARATION FOR TOXICITY TESTS
At each step utmost care is taken by everyone. 

In arriving at the draft characteristics, LSC staff considered a variety of documents describing standards for intake systems, including those published by the ABA and AARP.
LSC staff considered a variety of documents describing standards for intake systems when they arrived at the draft characteristics, said the news.

which one did you get
He was very interested in knowing which one they got.

Fatih Sultan Mehmet laid claim to all the territories previously held by the Byzantines, so that his empire incorporated most of Greece and the Balkans, as well as Anatolia.
Fatih Sultan Mehmet controlled the strongest empire on the planet.

Extra daring nakedness has gone back to being the domain of professionals, the models who pose for nude photos or who wear runway couture that bares the breasts, buttocks, and navel under transparent spangled veiling meant for ballrooms, not the beach.
Due to the evolution of fashion, being naked and daring is now more popular among professional models than on the beach.

Now the second most populated island in the Dodecanese, Kos has seen human settlement since ancient times.
Kos is the second largest island in the Dodecanese.

Household mail is defined as the sum of mail in the above three sectors and is shown as Subtotal in Table 1. Its annual growth rate fell from 6.6 percent in 1987-90 to 0.7 in 1990-93 and further to negative 1.4 percent in 1993-97.
Household mail is the sum of mail in three sectors which totals about 5,000,000 pieces of mail a month.

that uh that you you know you never get a chance to read and so i said well i think it was because i read um Dickens' A Tale of Two Cities and i just
I really didn't like A Tale of Two Cities.

There are few grains of truth in this story.
The story was embellished to encourage visitors.

All Saints' Day (La Toussaint) 1 November, when, after dark, in an original and beautiful Antilles tradition, all graves in cemeteries are illuminated with candles.
Roughly one candle is placed for every three graves.

no usually in the summer time
It's always around midsummer, never the beginning or end of it.

There was enough hot pepper to be interesting, but not so much that this tenderfoot was scared off.
There was enough hot pepper to be interesting but I prefer more

There are no set times for lunch and dinner, especially in tourist areas, and you can eat at almost any time of day.
The ability to find food at any hour is due to meals not having set hours.

yeah well i'm a i'm a Texas Ranger fan
I'm a fanatic about the Texas Rangers because I'm from Texas.

wages aren't going up that much and it's hard
Wages are not rising because executives are keeping profits for themselves.

When afterwards, the Explorer lifted out of unconsciousness and rose to his feet, he had the definite feeling that but for himself and the Merchant, there were no survivors.
The Explorer and the Merchant had survived a brutal attack.

i'm i'm not really sure to tell you the truth
I don't know much about that subject, actually.

They'll know something about the place, and whether there's been anyone there lately."
They will give us complete information about the place.  

The  The United States and Canada have gained more cardinals, and to woo them, candidates for the papacy will have to be more sensitive to American Catholics' dissent from papal teachings on divorce, remarriage, and women in the priesthood.
The increase in cardinals is due to an increase in Catholic churches.

Do you have a herbalist or sage? Who heals your sick? asked Jon.
Jon asked how the people treated their pnemonia.

Hong Kong's liveliest market scene is the Temple Street Night Market , near Jordan Road.
You can find just about anything at the Temple Street Night Market -- even a new car!

The two films cited most often are Heathers , in which Christian Slater is foiled in an attempt to detonate his school, and The Basketball Diaries , in which Leonardo DiCaprio fantasizes about gunning down his classmates and a priest Terminator -style while his buddies cheer.
The Basketball Diaries was DiCaprio's first movie.

In some states, an interim air-operating permit may need to be obtained until the Title V permit is modified.
The states where you need an interim permit include kansas, mississippi and new york. 

I am really appalled.
I feel worried, anxious, frightened, upset, and exhausted. 

The invasion of Attila's Huns and the Goths and Vandals who came to sack, rape, murder, and pillage Rome brought an end to the Western Empire in 476 with the abdication of Emperor Romulus Augustus.
The Huns had ransacked large parts of the empire.

The analysis further points out that it has reduced the impact of the proposed amendments on small businesses by determining not to amend Regulation S-B to incorporate an item similar to proposed Item 305 of Regulation S-K.
It was wise to not amend Regulation S-B.

well you you you deserve an honor for that a gold star for that i guess
I suppose you should get an honor, but the public will not be happy.

Do you remember? 
Do you remember what happened that night?

then it would take if the judge just made the decision especially when it is purely um noncriminal uh litigation type uh whatever you want to call it the term civil uh suits as it were or even some corporate uh law when there's not any individual involved and some of those are solved without a a jury but uh some some do choose to go before it
People choose to go before juries because it improves their chances.

We obtained input from a wide range of federal executives and managers and experts in public sector strategic planning, performance measurement, and program and policy evaluation, including those from the Departments of Defense, Commerce, Transportation, and the Treasury; OMB; the Office of Personnel Management; the National Academy of Public Administration; the Urban Institute; and the University of Southern California.
Their advice was valueable and helped in our decision. 

One was to Miss Howard, and one was to Mr. Wells, the lawyer, and the other two I don't think I remember, sir, oh, yes, one was to Ross's, the caterers in Tadminster. 
She had been making plans with all of her letters.

so you know i come out pretty good on it i mean i get and plus my TI money i come out real good on it now the last one i served on i was working at TI and so i got time off for it but i was working third shift and that made it a little difficult
I fell asleep a couple of times during the trial.

it's best to buy it that way because like our sales tax up here is seven percent
If you buy it there, you won't have to pay any sales tax. 

We've developed an employee feedback system and facilitated an active employee suggestion program that has achieved bottomline benefits, and we have established a Comptroller General Employee Advisory Council, with which I will meet every quarter to discuss current and emerging issues of mutual interest and concern.
Our employee feedback system and facilitated an active employee suggestion program has achieved benefits, but at a great personal cost.

Where private speech is involved, even Congress' antecedent funding decision cannot be aimed at the suppression of ideas thought inimical to the Government's own interest.
Congress makes funding decisions for schools.

To ensure the right level of knowledge at each key decision point in product development, leading commercial companies separate technology from product development and take steps to ensure the product design is stabilized early so product performance and producibility can be demonstrated before production.
Product design is always best stabilized early.

This standard requires that the consolidated financial reports12 of the Federal Government and the financial reports12 of its component units contain RSSI relating 
The standard requires that the consolidated reports contain RSSI relating to meet IRS standards.

Novak's  Last week, Capital Gang ster Robert Novak contended that black Americans' post-bellum achievements represent the slave trade's oft-overlooked silver lining.
Robert Novak's narrow assessment mistakenly attributes a positive outcome of slavery. 

In addition, five percent of the total amount of sulfur dioxide allowances available for allocation each year will be auctioned.
Sulfur dioxide needs to be siphoned off 

well i i i do i do make that statement i say i do it because i like it but i can't say i'm i'm i'm doing it because i want to i'm doing it because i have to or because my desire is greater than uh
I'm not doing it because I want to, someone is making me do it.

At LSC Board meetings, local events and national conferences, we showcased exemplary planning and implementation.
At LSC board meetings, we showed how we could help everyone in the community.

Precious stones and semi-precious stones including topaz, lapis lazuli, and aquamarine, can be bought loose or set in rings, necklaces, bracelets, or brooches.
You can often get a necklace for free if you buy the stone to set in it.

Japanese companies then enthusiastically imported any Western technologies they could get their hands on.
The Japanese public was buying more western technologies than Japanese companies were able to provide.

We're preparing a report to describe the depth of the problem, said Grosberg.
The report has already uncovered a number of problems that nobody knew about before.

Now then, said Tommy, "where shall we go?" The very faint anxiety which underlay his tone did not escape the astute ears of Miss Prudence Cowley, known to her intimate friends for some mysterious reason as "Tuppence." She pounced at once.
Being intimate friends, Tommy often called Miss Prudence Cowly by her nickname, Tuppence.

and probably the worse thing that ever happened was around March the weather starts getting funny it will be warm one day and freezing the next
Around march the weather starts getting really hot.

Figure 7 provides an overview of the strategy that leading organizations use to secure information management human capital.
Figure 8 continues some of the information that didn't fit in Figure 7. 

that's real bright
They could even dim the light a bit, if they wanted.

It should not be necessary to relocate any existing boiler equipment to install an ACI system.
ACI systems are notoriously difficult to install.

and right and before i left we had everything paid off we were in great shape we were putting money you know because we were both working we were finally putting money in
It did not cost much to pay things off before I left.  

E-mail is making the workplace more egalitarian by enabling minions to send suggestions to higher-ups.
In the past, it was difficult for low-level employees to have their voices heard.

A 30,000-man unit called Saddam's Commandos , led by one of his sons, also snuffs out unrest.
Saddam Hussein's son was just as bad, as he led an army.

1995 BLS data recently made available.
People waited over a decade to get access to the data.

Contribution by the General Fund to the SMI trust fund.
The contribution was substantial.

so you are off to work this morning
I hope your day at the office goes well.

The Palais des Tuileries was destroyed by fire during a workers uprising in 1871.
The fire was caused from a little rat blocking machinery.

And even then, James added, it's all humbug.
All of the political talk was humbug according to James.

It's an easy place.
It's an easy little town.

i enjoy reading novels then uh you know more serious stuff
Serious books are better than silly books.

Alexander Solzhenitsyn is in the cardiac intensive-care unit of a Moscow hospital.
Alexander Solzhenitsyn was rushed to the Russian hospital after suffering a heart attack at home. 

and um of course i used to like Jim McMahon and you know uh Walter Payton
I also liked Refrigerator Perry. 

yeah so that's and that's what ours is our house the house we had before was over we live on the east side of Richardson now and the other one was over on the west side and it was uh a pier and beam house
The other one was over on the west side, and it was a pier and a beam house, I would love to live in that house.

well they couldn't be worse than some of the men
Well, they could do a better job than some of the men.

According to the actress, they couldn't.
They couldn't, and they were okay with that.

And since then, she has played her part just fine, establishing herself as a separate unit and not just standing by her man, like Dowd's failed feminist, but standing by her family, like a grown-up--a condition that Dowd herself curiously never seems to get any closer to as the years go by.
She is a role model and spokesperson for feminists.

Bus tours from Paris are available.
Paris is a short drive away.

It is well. 
It is ok for the moment.

She divorced him while he was gone.
He didn't know she had filed for divorce until he returned.

They assume we protect the town but we protect nothing here.
The town is in danger.

I checked my watch.
I saw time was wrong on my watch. 

To our youngest players, the title of Thursday's question may be as ancient and obscure as Edgar Bergen's wacky catch  I'm a ventriloquist on the radio, suckers!
Our youngest players didn't find the question as ancient and obscure as we first thought.

Nobody really knows how big a problem this is, and the extent will surely differ from area to area.
There are some areas where this problem is not an issue.

Scotland Yard for me!"
Only Scotland Yard for me or I will consult my lawyer.

A shop specializing in selling and packaging flowers for long-distance transportation is Casa das Flores A Rosa (Rua Imperatriz D. Amelia, 126; Tel. 291/228 800).
Casa das Flores A Rosa will also create flower packages for gifting.

With such a distribution, representative in terms of unfiled rates would sensibly mean at the low (1 and less than 1 percent), lower middle (2 and 3 percent), upper middle (4, 5, and 6 percent), and high (9, 10, and 15 percent) points.
This distribution would sensibly mean at the low, lower middle, upper middle and high points, according to The Economist.

have to be headed in that direction
It is not possible to head in another direction.

The latter replied to it: "Washed up on the Yorkshire coast near Ebury.
It wasn't often that things would wash up on the Yorkshire coast.

The real question, then, is how to assess character.
Is it wrong to judge one's character?

no our big thing is um you know movie movie prices up here i think it's like six bucks now in the theaters and you know so it's like you know a lot of things we try to catch like at the dollar theater or matinees and then a lot of other stuff we just wait until it comes out on tape
The big thing here is our movies prices are very cheap.

Jon didn't know.
Jon had a suspicion but couldn't quite figure out the situation at hand.

Due south of Motosu-ko, the glistening white 26-m (85-ft) Shiraito Falls make a far more cheerful setting for a picnic.
The falls are one of the largest in Japan.

Less grandiosely than Harmony Korine in Julien Donkey-Boy , Soderbergh pores over every scene in search of its essential dramatic gesture.
Harmony Korine and Soderbergh often had comparisons and critics of their work styles. 

After a period of steady decline, the monaster y was dismantled even before the Revolution.
The monastery was dismantled because it wasn't making enough money.

Then comes the CNN/ Time sarin story to prove the professionals deserve all the scrutiny anyone else can muster.
The professionals get scrutinized by CNN/Time Sarin

right exactly and it seems a shame to have all that equipment but uh not do anything with it but one day i hope to do more
The euipment is going to rust and go bad if no one does anything with it.

and i went the next morning to Arlington and they gave it to me for that price and what's so funny is they took the car they i knew they were gonna pull it from Town North because that's where the white one was and they had already told me we located one at Town North so it was that same car
I was the first person at their place in Arlington that morning.

As shown in Figure 6-4, the cumulative demand from the Clear Skies Act plus the worldwide demand can be met with the total cumulative confirmed capacity.
Most people want the clear skies act to be met.

An article says Republicans gave Al Gore a potent campaign issue by killing gun control in the House.
An article in the NYT says Republicans gave Al Gore a potent campaign issue.

Back at the northeast corner of St. Stephen's Green, near the Shelbourne Hotel, you can turn right into Merrion Row to peer through the railings at the small Huguenot Cemetery (no entry to visitors).
The Shelbourne Hotel offers tours of St. Stephen's Green for guests.

She cried out a little and it frightened Jon.
Jon was scared she was in pain.

The specific objective of our review was to determine how such organizations have designed and implemented their programs in order to identify practices that could be applied at federal agencies.
Some of these practices include the adoption of an anthem that will be sung by all employees every morning.

The installation of the FGD control technologies may require the following types of 
There are many procedures to follow for installing FGD control technologies.

You'll find a self-portrait just right of the room's entrance.
This self-portrait of the famous designer is worth millions of Euros.

(This June, Australian Prime Minister John Howard once again stated his opposition to issuing a national apology.)
In February, John Howard initially gave his reasons for why he opposed issuing an apology. 

I understand publicity stunts, and this is one.'
He's only running in the election as a publicity stunt. 

He formed the peaceful but powerful Catholic Association, and in 1829 the Duke of Wellington, in a bid to avoid a civil war, passed the Catholic Emancipation Bill, which allowed Irish Catholics to sit in the parliament at Westminster for the first time.
The Duke of Wellington was a strong supporter of Irish rights.

Then, we turn our attention to First-Class household mail and evaluate the growth of two of its  bill-paying and advertising.
We look at how First-Class household mail has grown over the past 20 years.

The shrine is at the bottom of a shady glen by a brook.
The shrine is sometimes flooded in spring rains. 

Saving some portion of the projected budget surpluses would allow the federal government to reduce the overhang of federal debt built over decades of deficit spending.
There are several methods to save some portion of the budget surplus.

With the new title of Governor-General, Hastings and then Cornwallis were responsible to the British government rather than the Company.
The Company was upset by the change in responsibility.

This rule amends FDA regulations to provide that animal protein derived from mammalian tissues for use in ruminant feed is a food additive subject to certain provisions in the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (21 U.S.C.
The rule aims to make the feed healthier.

Each facility's allocation will be adjusted to ensure that the total amount of allowances allocated does not exceed the applicable total amount of allowances available for allocation for the zone for the year involved.
The public gym in each city has fluctuating allowances to make sure the total allocated for the state stays under budget. 

because i got up and started jumping on it again
I jumped a little on it and then sat down again. 

well you mentioned one of my pet buzz words there which is sensitivity to it and particularly violence i uh really get uh ticked off with uh seeing this violence so much of it on TV and so forth in the movies
I hate it when I see the violence in Movies and TV.

You can't get around  India is a country where religion is ever-present.
It is necessary to have a region while living in India.

The creation of a world-class delivery system involved more than state planning, per se.
This system was created using market based initiatives in addition to central planning.

John D. Rockefeller Jr. provided th e money to build this wonderful Art Deco/Neo-Byzantine edifice in 1927.
John D. Rockefeller Jr. was an admirer of the Art Deco style.

Fewer than 1 in 10 serious crimes results in imprisonment.
Most of the people who commit serious crimes are not caught.

The first man was quite unknown to Tommy, who put him down as a city clerk.
Tommy had never seen the man before in his life. 

I take it back, then, grumbled Red.
Red changed their mind after getting yelled at.

The library contains fascinating old manuscripts as well as the bound volumes of the hospital's financial accounts, which record ex?­pend?­?­itures in a meticulous script.
The library was built to house all the financial records of the city's public entities.

The award-winning South Coast Repertory Theater is also based here, and the adjacent South Coast Plaza shopping plaza hosts many of the most fashionable department stores.
The shopping plaza has many good shops.

Bulls coach Phil Jackson  To Dennis, a Mormon may just be a nickname for people from Utah.
Phil Jackson is the coach of the Bulls and he has won many championships with them.

Indiana Legal Services, the primary provider of free legal aid in the state, is facing a $1.
Indiana Legal Services provides free legal help to those below the poverty line.

They believe that the meaning of an event is more likely to be caught in the qualitative net than on the quantitative hook.
They think an event's end goal is more qualitative than quantitative.

OPPORTUNITY COST - The value of the alternatives foregone by adopting a particular strategy or employing resources in a specific manner.
Opportunity cost has many alternatives of value. 

It had begun.
It had started, and they were trapped in the village.

There are also important links between national saving and investment and the international sector.
The international sector is growing quickly.

Large package hotels offer entertainers operating in two or three languages to loosen up the older crowd with competitions, sing-alongs, and a more sedate sort of dancing.
There are plenty of entertainment options for both young and old.

The station is a home for its entrance hall and platforms are dormitory and kitchen.
The kitchen is bigger than the dormitory.

The Kampung Kling Mosque, on Jalan Tokong (1748), is built in the three-tiered Sumatran style with a pagoda-like minaret.
The Mosque is well visited.

If necessary, grant sexual favours.
They had no shame.

no i haven't huh-uh
No, I will do that next week.

Some are sannyasi, wandering beggars who have abandoned their homes and walked from as far as Chennai (Madras) to stand on the Ghats and pray, to bathe and drink the waters of the holy river, or just to sit and meditate on this supreme moment of their religious lives.
Over one hundred sannyasi come here every year.

yeah yeah it might have been better yeah
Maybe it would have been a lot better.

Here's a laying it all out, helpfully provided to us by a Washington lawyer who just happens to be the husband of a Slate editor.
The Washinston lawyer met the Slate editor during a murder trial. 

It said, Such behavior ranges from demanding sex from co-workers to forcing female office staff to serve tea or to clean the workplace.
Reports of sexism in the workplace have prompted a sexual harassment specialist to come in to train the agency at a workshop for managers and employees. 

He sat up stiffly in bed.
He sat up in bed, stiff and sore from a bad night of sleep.

The street croses Lower Baggot Street and leads on to Fitzwilliam Square, which has a park open to residents only.
Fitzwilliam Square has a park and several convenience stores.

The Place du G??n??ral de Gaulle (also known as the Grand' Place) is in the heart of Vieux Lille, a district of cobbled streets, shops, restaurants, cafe, and an assortment of architecture ranging from the beautiful 17th-century Vieille Bourse (Old Exchange) to the 20th-century Nouvelle Bourse and Op??ra.
Vieux Lille is the most popular area of Lille for tourists to visit.

The agencies developed strategies to address These barriers, such as maintaining open communication and reassigning and hiring personnel.
The agencies address the barriers by hiring people in those populations.

This difference is due to the different interest rates used to discount future cash flows for calculating the subsidy cost (and subsidy allowance) when the loan is disbursed and for calculating the cost of modification at a later time.
To calculate the subsidy cost, one must have an accurate accountant.

We'll ask Miss Jane Finn to tell us the story that only Miss Tuppence has heard so far but before we do so we'll drink her health.
We gave a great toast with our drinks. 

We have not seen anything that demonstrates that every coal-fired power plant would be able to achieve 90 percent source-specific controls for mercury by 2007, without considerable fuel switching, which would be very disruptive to our economy and undermine energy security.
We haven't seen anything that shows that coal-fired plants can hit the goals, so they need to be shut down.

'Even so, I have to assume White has at least tried to recruit you.'
I'm hoping Mr. White will put more effort into trying to get you to join the army. 

This defies all probabilities.
I had different assumptions coming into this.

A few hours later, I was back on Derry's doorstep.
I knocked on Derry's door again.

Nevertheless, mon ami, it was Mrs. Inglethorp. 
It was Emily Inglethorp.

Four riders and half a dozen foot soldiers turned around a building burning green into the night.
The people had set the building on fire.

The town, 80 km (50 miles) south of Izmir, has a large yachting marina, and serves as a port for Mediterranean cruise ships.
Mediterranean cruise ships usually stop here for a night and let vacationers explore the town.

There was a certain rumour ” ”
No one knew who had started the rumor.

I hate the idea that I love her except for this one thing I want to change, but really, she is absolutely wonderful.
I love her and she is wonderful, but I'd really like to change how she chews her food.

The way to think of the above curves is to begin with a discount, go over to the supply curve to get a volume, and then go up to the postal service cost curve to see how much the postal service saved on the last few pieces that converted to presort.
The discount needs to be properly analyzed to us it effectively.

From 1309 to 1377, Avignon was the papal seat.
This particular pope came into power after the previous pope was overthrown.

I'd recognize him anywhere."
I'd recognize him in China.

he starts nuking Israel man he's in big trouble i mean we'll just we'll hear about it you know what i mean  if anything major happens we're going to find out so let's chill out and just do what we need to do so
It will be a major predicament if he starts bombing Israel, it will even lead to World War 3.

After seeing the church, mausoleum, and library, visitors are shown through the Palacio de los Borbones (Palace of the Bourbons).
The library has a variety of books.

On 18 March the Golden Dragon dance is held at Tokyo's Senso-ji Temple (in Asakusa), accompanied by a ceremonial carriage bearing several geisha playing traditional musical instruments.
The Golden Dragon dance can only be attended by women.  

On the far side of Arthur's Seat is Duddingston Loch, which operates as a bird sanctuary.
Duddingston is a wonderful and charitable man. 

Do you think it is the one? I whispered eagerly. 
I knew that it was definitely the right one.

let it get that long wow
Permit it to get that much in length in order to produce quality agriculture.

Funchal is less the sum of Ma?­deira, though, than a gateway to the rest of the island, whose real charms begin in the hillsides just a few minutes outside of town.
The real attraction of the island is found in the hillsides.

OK, maybe someone can top Busey and Redgrave.
Topping Busey and Redgrave ain't gonna be easy.

It houses a valuable display of ceramics ranging from Seljuk times to the present.
All of the ceramics are priceless pieces of art. 

well the for some people it's good because they maybe they need a little discipline need a little reining in at that that stage in their life uh other people it uh it's
They have not finished their work yet.

To News Quiz participants, Wal-Mart means sweatshop labor and easily available guns, but it's so much more.
Wal-Mart also has dazzling views of poorly-dressed obese rednecks.

he's Eldon her housepainter
Her housepainter had years of experience.

I would have preferred having West discuss something more on the order of the impact of pragmatism on black philosophers or an essay on the whole black philosophy movement.
West discusses black political movement at length.

This pope often violates what was taught for many centuries as holy tradition without any kind of respect for those of us who lived under the old church.
The pope goes against the church's traditions when he thinks it will benefit the people of the church.

I was left in her wake; Natalia was already speaking on the phone, organising another round.
Natalia was talking to one of her friends on the phone.

Postal Service would have paid $172.
The Postal Service would have been paid for delivering a package.

Participants commented that there are good solid audits being performed; however, some participants expressed concern that overall, time and fee pressures both from company management and from within the auditing firms have resulted in less and less auditing, particularly less substantive testing of transactions.
There were over fifty participants who commented.

and you know they were asked you know well when you get out will you commit that same crime again and they said probably you know this is how we live that's how we make our living we live by selling drugs we live by stealing we live by this you know
Most of them survive by selling heroin.

The villains were the blacklisters.
The old villains were blacklisted by the mayor. 

The Ottoman Empire was weakening, however, and in 1821, the peoples of the Greek mainland achieved nationhood for the first time.
The people of Greece worked hard to be free. 

The walk atop the walls that surround the Old Cityis highly recommended.
The Old city is surrounded by massive walls that are open to the public.

Yours truly, JULIUS P.
Jules P signed this email about a job.

While suspicion was to be directed against him, she would be making quiet preparations for a very different denouement. 
There were ongoing preparations for the outcome.

Cromwellian troops stabled their horses in the aisles.
The horses caused some damage to the building that can still be seen today.

You're always here for me.
Thanks for being there for me Dad. 

My body was different.
My body was much larger and stronger than theirs.

so i think the the number one responsibility is on the heads of the parents and and we need to get to the idea well if the kids are are doing poorly in school then the parents need to take some sort of responsibility and and take some sort of action instead of just complaining about what the school is doing or not doing and sometimes if the parents don't like the way the school is being run the appropriate action is to have the choice to take that kid out of that school and put him in a different school
There needs to be more action by the parents working with the school.

Ethicists also have trouble recognizing the new issues because they're trained to look for moral problems in technology's costs, not in its benefits.
Ethnicists think that the cost of technology is highly immoral

He was removed from the council but he is still popular with the rest of the village.
He is going to run to be mayor next spring. 

' ) Maybe Wolf was led astray by Press' tendentious summary of Magnet's views.
Magnet and Wolf have never met or spoke in person.

Afterwards I lay there looking at her smooth face in the deep night.
Her face was smooth and wrinkle-free.

The Commission is attaching a disk with the electronic spreadsheets and a hard copy explanation of the procedures used.
The explanation of the procedures is key to understanding the spreadsheets. 

Price Elasticity of Demand = One percent increase in the price of the ith good, p , brings about what percentage change in the household's demand for
Price Elasticity is also equal to the percentage change in personal demand.

Still, there it is, we were in the wrong, and now there's a beastly feeling that one ought to make amends; which is difficult, when one doesn't like the fellow a bit better than one did before. 
You don't want to apologize, but it might be the best route to go.

The glorious baroque faaade and asymmetrical belltowers of the late 18th-century cathedral are only marginally the square's top attraction.
There are other attractions that are nearly as popular as the cathedral.

we don't have the money for that
We can only afford half the cost.

uh but it's uh it's something else yeah that they're in the same issue we were uh hoping on burning a lot of the effluent up there uh because the the system is setup where it won't have any emissions uh you're correct it will have something coming out of the stack obviously just because human nature but it won't have uh any uh
There will be a lot of effluent burned up there. 

On the other hand, American companies may have to lower their own prices to compete with Asian products.
Asian products are much cheaper compared to American ones.

Brief interventions for patients with alcohol-related trauma.
They were worried they would drink themselves to death.

It is still as popular as ever and the sand is sublime, but the cave after which the beach was originally named was destroyed in the early 1930s during a hurricane.
The cave which the beach is named after was destroyed in a 1930 hurricane. 

i can't keep anything down i'm and i just cramps and i'm just going hey tell me about it right
I have cramps and nausea, and I also have a fever.

well my whole family uh is somewhat musical um and not from training but just because we sing in our choir and my daughter's quite involved and all that sort of thing so um i think that one of these days maybe she'll get involved in classical music too because that's usually what happens if you unless you get into rock which isn't her voice style so
My daughter has expressed an interest in classical music. 

He came to me for an Italian neck-tie styling workshop, along with a few other young actors, also handsome, but less famous.'
Most actors came to this place to learn to tie their ties.

A dirty little secret of Western Europe is that it has gone further into hock than the United States.
The United States is currently in a better position.

School Improvement.
Smaller class size would be a school improvement.

If it is and can be falling, what's the difference?
The sky is still the sky. 

Jon was a changed man.
Jon was no longer a bad person.

'Is that really him?' Somebody else asked.
Someone asked if the man was really Lincoln like he said he was.

This Johnny was just a wig and a smear of lipstick on a clenched fist, but he made Seeor Wences that rarest of performers, a genuinely funny ventriloquist.
Seeor's performances garnered him international fame and recognition.

I didn't have time for my armor.
I left my armor at home so there is not enough time to grab it.

Then I set to work to prove the impossible possible.
I began working with a team to prove the impossible possible

They are kept locked up in a little cupboard. 
The are kept under lock and key in a small cupboard downstairs.

Who is it?
It could be any type.

The Vice President did not respond to GAO with a description of the records withheld and the reasons for withholding them as required by the statute.
The VP didn't respond to GAO because they criticized him.

Tenants not represented by attorneys normally get evicted.
They did not know they would have been able to get legal aid.

All of the murder and rape and horror and this man was still hungry.
The man was addicted to killing things.

In addition to a gas leak at the Union Carbide chemical plant that left thousands dead in Bhopal shortly after Gandhi's election to office in 1984, numerous regional conflicts at home and a somewhat schizophrenic foreign policy troubled Gandhi's term.
Gandhi did not have an enjoyable time while in office.

Her good sense told her that there was nothing else to do but accept the situation.
If she does not accept the situation, she will die. 

Most alarmingly, convenience gambling exacts huge social costs in the form of addiction and financial hardship without providing any economic benefit.
Gamblers have trouble with their friends and families about money.

A-11-the basic instructions for preparing the President's Budget-to underscore the essential link between GPRA and the budget process.
The President's Budget is prepared every year.

Women's World Cup win.
They won a single game at the Women's World Cup.

Only the doctors can tell us that, Mr. Mace.
The doctors have a name for it that is hard to pronounce.

Or, as Tom Lehrer put  If you can't communicate, the least you can do is shut up.
Tom Lehrer uses this philosophy at home and in business.

Within the cloister, in the north gallery, is a striking fresco of the Triumph of Death (1360) showing how a humble person and an aristocrat face the same destiny.
The author of the fresco died shortly after painting it.

The organization's management responded by implementing a Getting it Right strategy in 2000, which established a tone for change by setting out
The organization's management responded by implementing a Getting it Right strategy, which meant you must complete a quiz and get every single answer correct or a kangaroo will be used to kick you in the face.

right that's just a matter of defining priorities i guess or some priorities anyway
That really boils down to quickly defining priorities, or at least some priorities.

Nearby, ladies with broad smiles sit on little stools selling breadfruit and cinnamon.
The ladies sell breadfruit and cinnamon for low prices.  

Thierry Mugler's black satin one-piece took the sado-maso route with stark black bands clutching ribcage and upper thigh, also for $750.
For $750 you can have a one piece with stark black bands.

um-hum yeah well any of the guys that were ground  yes yeah i can imagine
I can imagine and predict what any of those guys on the ground will do. 

How, therefore, am I ever to recognize the (minimum) 20 percent wrong in most articles?
20% of the scientific facts in an article are wrong.

Poirot, I said, "I wish you would tell me why you wanted to know if Mrs. Inglethorp ate well last night? 
Is it important to know what she ate?

The preamble to the final rule contains the Final Regulatory Flexibility Analysis conducted by the FDA.
The fda is proactive in analyzing things. 

It's dreadful to feel you've been false to your principles." 125 Tuppence shook her head sadly, as she reviewed her backsliding.
Tuppence was disappointed she got drunk again after swearing it off.

well it took us six hours to reach agreement yeah
We were all satisfied with the agreement.

Numbers grew until eventually 967 people lived here, surviving on the vast storehouses of food and water conveniently cached by their late enemy.
967 people died here when the food ran out.  

SmithKline recently announced plans for a herbal line that includes ginkgo, saw palmetto, ginseng, and St. Johnswort.
SmithKiline is going to release a herbal line that will be very successful.

He thinks the NEA should subsidize art that will enhance the robustness of the debate and should therefore prefer unorthodox art--though only, of course, if it represents a viewpoint the endowment considers, by virtue of social need and a prior history of exclusion, worthy of its megaphone.
Nevertheless, he believes that the NEA should receive more government funding in its efforts to promote art.

North American Man Boy Like Association.
There is an association for men who have sex with boys.

One of the reasons power generation accounts for such a large share of These key emissions is that significant emissions reductions have already been required from other sources.
In particular, coal has been targeted for a large emissions reduction requirement.

yeah you watch it'll be exactly the same
There is a small change that it could turn out differently.

Newsweek psychologizes that his parents' suicides caused his clear longing for certainties, a need to be in control.
Newsweek asked for him to comment on the suicide of his parents.

I did not know it until afterwards.
I didn't realize until later that night, after everyone had left.

'America Large?' I asked, trying to sound ignorant.
I wanted them to think I was clueless, like I had no idea what was going on, so they wouldn't suspect that I was up to their intentions, and I quickly asked what America Large was.

The man stood, two blades in his hands.
The man gripped the blades tightly. 

 He began to struggle against her hand, but she shook her head gently.
He was dying, and was not willing to accept it.

And only the fact that he fired Czesiek shortly after, in a rather machiavellian manner at that - by sending an SMS 'You work here not easy kaput finito', allowed him to reach that 67th position at all.
The way he reached 67th position was unethical. 

um-hum um-hum seems like the prices never go down to where they were originally though before the before the increase started
The prices never go back to where they used to be because of inflation.

Then the German's voice came up the stairs.
The German was angry at someone as the voice came upstairs.

Despite being wild, the deer are quite tame and loiter around the park's various tourist attractions, hoping for a free snack of the deer biscuits sold here.
The tame deer will also let you pet them.

Postal Service, which is not subject to the travel rules that apply to most federal agencies--said that the Service does not prohibit its employees from making personal use of the frequent flyer miles received on official travel.
Postal service do not have a lot of rules.

In summer, shops in resort areas may stay open until 10pm.
The resort stays open late from May through August.

He survived these, and lived to be about 50.
He survived these, lived to be about 50 and fathered 10 kids.

At the intersection of the Nablus Road and Saladin Street is the American Colony, named after the late-19th-century benefactors who started a suburb here as modern Jerusalem expanded beyond the ancient city walls.
The colony sits only a short distance outside the city walls of Jerusalem. 

The windows to the rear of its faded Art Deco ground floor were designed by the stained-glass artist Harry Clarke.
Harry Clarke is a very talented stained-glass artist.

Yes, yes, the measured and polite Farrakhan.
Farrakhan is well known by all as being a polite man.

Reno opposed some of these policies internally but had too little influence to stop them.
Reno had too little influence to stop some of these policies, according to the news.

Even so, Paris recently created miles of cycling lanes that crisscrosethe entire city, making bicycling much safer (and more popular).
When the weather is pleasant, there are more bicycles than cars on the streets of Paris. 

Some cultural civil war.
They both wanted their cultures to have equal representation.

Ritz, replied Tuppence laconically.
Tuppence replied with one word in a laconic fashion and then turned away.

You always were a shocking liar, said Tuppence severely, "though you did once persuade Sister Greenbank that the doctor had ordered you beer as a tonic, but forgotten to write it on the chart.
Tuppence does not approve of lying.

In the arena's basin, they have left a ruined maze of cells and corridors that funnelled men and beasts to the slaughter.
The ruined maze of cells in the arena are very old.

No other region of Japan offers the same combination of urban intensity, rural tranquillity, and dramatic cultural treasures and all in such close proximity.
Some places in Japan are very tranquil and are the countryside.

What the imaginary quilting business did produce was a loan that she and her husband, Linn, who is 86 and suffers from congestive heart failure, cannot possibly afford.
They wanted to use the money for medical bills.

Children love the ancient toys and dolls.
The ancient toys and dolls are more popular than the modern equivalent.

yeah they're going to get better i mean you know
They will be the best.

The WRAP and nationwide programs are  sulfur dioxide allowances in the WRAP program may not be used in the nationwide program
The WRAP and nationwide programs sulfur dioxide allowances are toxic. 

Knott's Berry Farm, the nation's oldest theme park, started as a berry farm on 20 acres (8 hectares) of rented land along a dusty road in Buena Park, just west of Anaheim.
Knott's Berry Farm has been around since the early fifties.

Igave a lecture on the American economy in Tel Aviv, Israel, last month.
I spoke about the increasing demand for pay and increasing amount of homeless Americans.

As we have reported, IRS recently initiated appropriate first steps to address these weaknesses via its initial modernization expenditure plan that represents the first step in a longterm, incremental modernization program.
The IRS is in charge of the tax services in the country,

In September 1635, d'Esnambuc led a party to Martinique and constructed Fort Saint-Pierre, where a town of that name stands today.
d'Esnambuc took a party to Martinique to explore.

You're sure to find a little remote spot all to yourself.
Be sure to watch out for any bears in the park.

Changes in the market value of existing tangible and financial assets, such as land and stocks, reflect expectations about the productive potential of the underlying capital, but fluctuations in asset values may not represent real, permanent changes in the nation's productive capacity.
Financial assets include both corporate stocks and government savings bonds.

i see that sounds pretty neat
That sounds like a cool movie.

The best way to approach this proud old town perched high on the cliffs is by boat, past the limpid blue waters of the Sdragonato cave and the Escalier du Roi d'Aragon, a staircase cut diagonally into the cliff face, used by the soldiers of the Spanish king in an abortive siege of the town in the 15th century.
The town was built on the high cliffs as an attempt to remain safe from a siege.

A cover story tracks the gestation of Paul Simon's The Capeman , a Broadway musical opening in January.
Paul Simon's musical The Capeman had a long, hard road. 

The only time the authors attack passionately and in detail the privileging of whiteness is when such practices are located safely in the past.
The only time authors attack white privilege is when the practices are in the recent past.

well let's see other than gardening which i fiddle at i'm not very good at what else do i mostly just computer stuff
I went to college for a computer science degree.

twenty four anyway long time ago and and shortly after i got we got here fourteen years ago and uh they had they had fired him uh because he was too  anyway didn't he didn't have the personality and wasn't drawing the crowds and that's interesting is that's that's what the TV stations do they're trying to get ratings
When he was fired we struggled financially.

and they didn't really know it it was a real nice late model car real pretty on the outside but they couldn't keep tires on it it kept eating the tires
The tires didn't last long because the car was old.

 Then came the letter from his uncle, offering him triple salary as a maintenance man on the computers used for the construction job.
His uncle offered him triple the salary and cutting his hours in half to work on computers used for the construction job.

oh right Elliot and uh Nancy
My kids are named Elliot and Nancy.

Their colonization of the coast took place in successive waves of immigration.
The immigrants landed only in the coastal areas when they came to colonize. 

LSC received 98 grant applications for the 2002 TIG funding.
Over 90% of TIG funding requests get rejected.

If he's worried about the folks at home, what he should probably do is take advantage of his own personal weaknesses, and stubbornly and laboriously fail.
His personal weaknesses include stubbornness, laziness and anxiety.

To the west (16 km/10 miles) lies Alcoy (see page 30), to the east Confrides, a picturesque mountain town.
You can travel to Alcoy by train in just under 30 minutes.

He was about as far from the appearance of the actual blue-denim, leather-jacket engineers he had worked with as Maori in ancient battle array.
He had no idea what he was wearing.

They fear that if border collies are bred for the color of their coats rather than the content of their character, eventually their herding instinct will fade away.
The way the dog looks is more important to most people than how it acts.

You are better suited than any of us to know what vulnerabilities we have.
We have many vulnerabilities that can be seen.

EPA performed an Economic Analysis of the final rule, including the Clean Air Act and Clean Water Act portions of the rule, and the analysis is summarized in the preamble to the final rule.
The EPA concluded that the Clean Air Act was a waste of money.

EVENT - A happening of consequence to an entity.
Events have consequence 

Print publications have no clear idea of how many people read each copy of their publication and, conversely, how many individual pages of any given copy go unread.
Printed publications can't compete with online publications.

These values do not reflect the adjustment for changes in real income over time that is included in the benefit valuations in our national benefits summaries.
The adjusted values can be seen on the next page.

Among the single digits, no number is less evocative than six.
Six is not evocative.

The ascending Pincio promenade lined with umbrella pine trees takes you past the Villa Medici, home of many French artists visiting on national scholarships, to the 16th-century French church, Trinit?  dei Monti.
The Pincio promenade is situated in Paris

Participants also discussed the importance of providing reasonable transparency of key information, with regard to both financial information of the company and board operations.
Participants discussed the importance of providing transparency of important financial information to the stakeholders.

And this conclusion, Loral claims, was neither original nor based on first-hand investigation.
The conclusion has little evidence to back it up.

Two blocks north is another lively square, Praaa dos Restauradores, with its historic obelisk commemorating the overthrow of Spanish Hapsburg rule in 1640.
There's another square just two blocks north, which is where we like to watch the holiday processional.

The Tourist Information Centre and a small town museum are housed in a plain, sturdy building from Elizabethan times known as Robinson's School.
The Tourist Information Centre is, itself, a popular tourist attraction.

The federal protections afforded to H-2A workers were intended to protect U.S. workers by eliminating incentives for employers to prefer H-2A workers over U.S. workers.
Employers still nonetheless have been known to prefer their H-2A workers over US workers.

A small percentage of North Carolina H-2A workers work for eight to nine months.
A North Carolina H-2A worker works for about a year on average, or close to it, but they do not receive many benefits.

Take the cable car to the peak of the Mottarone at 1,491 m (4,892 ft) for an exhilarating view of the Lombardy lakes, the Alps, and the Po valley.
The cable car ride up the Mottarone does not take a long time.

6 Using the methodology described for 900 MWe of capacity, today a six-absorber system could serve as much as 5,400 MWe of capacity, or more than double the capacity served in installations in the early 1990's.
A Six-absorber system can absorb water. 

and uh i think she was uh pretty competitive at one point she had a bad accident that uh put her out of competition
After her accident she did not want to ever compete again.

Bronx Legal Services raises about $450,000 a year through its own fund-raising initiatives, he explained.
Bronx Legal Services' fund-raising initiatives were highly innovative. 

This top-level support is especially critical given that an investment of time and money is often needed in these types of efforts.
The support is critical from the top because investment is needed for the smaller entities.

Signs direct you to these great waterfalls, which are among Guadeloupe's finest, if least visited, scenic attractions.
Guadeloupe's finest attractions are guarded by locals who divert tourists away so that they may keep it all to themselves.

We at The Salmon Corp care about our employees, you know.'
The Salmon Corp cares for their workers' safety.

It's not just a matter of lobbing one over the plate for you to hit out of the park.
It's not as easy as throwing an easy pitch because you also have to have a good batter.

They then look for someone qualified to write on the subject, but without any bias.
They want someone who can report on the political scandal without being bias. 

Monitoring, reporting, and recordkeeping requirements. 
The requirements have become more stringent over time.

well i know my parents like to camp a lot and they uh they've been going to Gulf Shores Alabama
I would've gone to Gulf Shores Alabama with them if I hadn't had an exam to study for.

and then across from that is a a major four lane street and then across from that is is uh the parks of the city that we live in has some soccer fields and some baseball fields and that completely goes on to the horizon so as far as we can look out over our little retaining wall is grass and trees and parks
It's really nice that we have so many parks to look out at from our retaining wall.

uh they beat Arkansas yeah
Arkansas got beaten by them in the last game

i've yeah yeah and you can't control it you you know it's the cable channels sometimes you can but
There are a dozen cable channels to choose from.

Big, centralized models are out.
Centralized models are not up to date, said the manager.

seems like drivers are getting worse and worse every year
I don't feel safe while driving anymore.

Fresh water from tropical storms feeds 120 rivers and some of the most celebrated waterfalls and cascades on earth.
The most celebrated waterfalls are along only one of the rivers.

In seconds, it was the body of one of the men who had risen.
There were many corpses in that place.

Its Carrera marble facade is incised with intricate carvings of traditional Islamic themes.
An intricate carving can take weeks to be completed.

His eyes were fixed on Mr. Carter, and his tone when he spoke held an unusual note of deference.
He was deferential to Mr. Carter when he spoke to him.

"No." Drew knew that sounded curt, but Oliveri ruffled him.
Drew knew it sounded curt because his answer was dry.

What's likely is a bitter battle between Perot and Ventura, conducted through proxies, their respective stand-ins for the Reform Party presidential nominee.
Perot and Ventura are not likely to show up in person for the battle.

Lico was never seeking this, but the president recognized a quality in him.
Lico had worked hard every day of his life in order to best help people.

I tell you I've never heard of the girl.
I've never heard of Susan. 

For instance, he said, LSNY had agreed to select new members from a slate put together by a local corporation.
LSNY agreed to pick new members from a slate of experts in the legal field.

8 IRS' systems modernization challenges include completing a modernization blueprint to define, direct, and control future modernization efforts and establishing the management and engineering capability to build and acquire modernized systems.
The challenges extend from the IRS to the FBI and CIA.

2) The gap between the earnings of women and their productivity.
There is a sizeable difference when you talk about women's pay and their effectiveness.

We had a good yarn about old times, and it ended in his inviting me down to Styles to spend my leave there. 
I enjoyed my time on vacation in Styles.  

Yet it is strange. 
It is weird, but there must be an explanation

Each lives in Gloucester.
They like living in Gloucester.

'What did you do with his body?'
Did you put his body somewhere safe?

By now, we've turned the White House itself into a kind of clanking ghost of presidents past, its very rooms suffused with the great spirits of those who slept there.
By now we've turned the White House into a ghost of presidents past, its rooms full of the spirits and their pets who slept there.

The other center has operated at Monroe High School in North Hills for two years and serves about 100 people each month, said Nancy Cervantes, an attorney for Neighborhood Legal Services.
They did not have enough resources to serve more than a 100 people every month.

'Good citizens! It is I, Benjiman Franklin!'
Good American citizens! It's me, Ben Franklin.

The rule establishes requirements applicable to meat and poultry establishments designed to reduce the occurrence and numbers of pathogenic microorganisms on meat and poultry products, reduce the incidence of foodborne illness associated with the consumption of those products and provide a new framework for modernization of the current system of meat and poultry inspection.
The rules regarding meat and poultry were instituted as the result of various instances of people becoming ill.

you do you have a basement
The basement is hidden.

In the background, a tuba started playing.
The tube player was practicing.

That is true, said the working man suddenly.
The man stopped working to say it.

Although its popularity waned during the Meiji period, it has been rediscovered this century, the most dramatic evidence being the vast investment in the National BunrakiaTheater in Nipponbashi.
The play declined in popularity for a while about 100 years ago. 

well i enjoy i enjoy fiddling around it's cheap entertainment
I enjoy messing around with electronics.

Ca'daan heard whispers as they passed but could only make out one word.
Ca'daan heard his name in the whispers.

Wade has led us to focus on whether the fetus is viable--whether it can survive outside the womb.
The fetus is able to survive out of the womb.

But there is a lot of need.
It is a hot item.

Privatization is not a solution.
Privatization can be replaced with communism.

is that right in the whole state
Is it not just half of the state?

Best Practices of Leading Commercial Companies12 DOD's Traditional Approach to Product Development15 DOD's Adoption of Best Practices16 Objectives, Scope, and Methodology17
The DOD follows eight rules for best practices.

Being a vital strategic point in the trade routes between Egypt and Syria, it was fought over, razed, and rebuilt so many times from the period of ancient Mesopotamia onwards that its name became synonymous with war and destruction.
It was destroyed and rebuilt no fewer than seven times, but this is only an estimate.

Crowds congregate along the promenade and along Dizengoff Street, but there's much more to do than just people-watch.
People-watching along the promenade is very amusing.

uh why is it so sacred to have it on Tuesday and uh why couldn't it be Friday and Saturday i don't know what the ideal day is if you're trying to catch a weekend or maybe just Tuesday and Wednesday i'll bet you'd get a lot more people i think the news media has really they jump in there and they uh tell you the the that who won before seven thirty and before the elections before the polls are closed
Why is it so sacred to have it on Tuesday, since that's so inconvenient for everyone?

If the victim managed to make her way here and stay for three years as a nun, she could obtain a decree of divorce from the shogunate and go free.
The concept of divorce was not a common one at this time, so it was unique that this practice happened here.

There would also have to be adequate access between the older and newer parts of town, including a bridge over the valley between Barefoot's Parks and the Royal Mile.
If one wanted to increase tourism to Barefoot's Park, there would need to be a bridge. 

yes it would almost have to be i suppose if you if you had to chose i guess i would i am sure i would take the lethal injection
I would choose lethal injection over life inprisonment, there's no way I'm spending my life in jail.

Sadly, Metochites was reduced to poverty and sent into exile when the emperor was overthrown in 1328.
Metochites went into exile because he was afraid for his life.

and they filled it up the football field
They filled up the university's football field

but uh i that's about the only time i've been to Florida except passing through on the way to someplace else
That's the only time I've been to Florida other than driving through, so I wanted to make the most of it.

it gives you a chance to feel like you're a part of a group or the organization and that you're heard and know and if you have ideas that type of thing
People often tend to put your ideas into practice.

After 15 years of almost uninterrupted superlative performance--which not even the Katzenberg and Ovitz contretemps could seriously slow down--it's almost impossible to remember how close Disney was to being dismantled in the early 1980s.
The reason Disney was almost dismantled is because shareholders didn't think it would have a strong future.

Net so  -$92, though I'm still waiting for the Slotland check, too.
I am completely broke until I get paid by Slotland.

Your credibility begins when you open your mouth, she said. 
She has a reputation for constant lies and deceptions.

There are in fact four separate schools within the structure and each one has its own portal and inner courtyard.
The four schools are within the same structure.

There is no one right way to establish a CIO position.
There are many ways to become a CIO. 

They're Here
Here they are, said the friends

i know i'm trying to think if there's anything i do you like uh i like stuff that's on Great Performances and i we used to watch mystery quite quite a bit and enjoyed that
I'm trying to think of things I do that you like, we don't seem to have a lot in common but you seem nice.

Beyond icek Pasaje, the side streets off Istiklal Caddesi are the focus for Istanbul's raunchier nightlife, packed with seedy bars, adult cinemas, and nightclubs best avoided, unless you want to spend all your money at once.
The adult cinema plays exclusive Mia Khalifa movies, worth a watch if you're into that.

For totally nude dancers, the choices are just as varied, but only one the venerable Palomino Club, 1848 Las Vegas Boulevard North (Tel. 702/642-2984) serves alcohol.
There are a lot of nude dancers at all of the casinos but some are more popular than others because of their history.

Bauerstein had it tested," replied Poirot quietly. 
The tests performed were inconclusive, it seemed.

that's a lot of fun
Rapids are a lot of fun.

yeah i mean women go all i mean what i've seen like you know they like to wear something different every day and for me it's like people know how i dress and we we have you know like the gym here
I'm not like that cliched image of the woman who has a new outfit on each time she steps out of the house.

This is government.
We all know this is the government.

and that was his job you know he got he got you know like three months of uh you know physical training
The three months of physical training is not enough for the job. 

Also in front of the ferry terminal is a new Cyber fountain, with 86 water spouts that shoot up to 70 m (230 ft) and are illuminated at night by 288 spotlights producing 80 colors.
The new Cyber fountain has a large sitting area.

they bought the place but um i knew that they would you know if i left like one bulb of each one of them by this year they'd have ten bulbs of each one of them
However, I took all of the bulbs.

It was the Tel Aviv of its day loud and licentious, the place where it all happened.
There was a huge explosion at the place.

yeah yeah they say they'll say oh he killed a police officer you know who has a wife and three children yeah
They'll say he killed a police officer because he was black.

Passaic Legal Aid argues that LSC used the consolidation process to deny funding based on performance without a required hearing.
LSC can deny funding, but they often do so unfairly.

He may have the numbers of a lot of women, but Dowd alone has his.
He has many women's numbers, and he also has many men's numbers.

The industry now plans to strengthen warnings that children should be kept, appropriately harnessed, in the back seat, where they will be neither helped nor harmed by air bags.
Most children survive car accidents in the United States.

We should start by spiking the river.
Spiking the river should be the first thing we do to prepare for battle.

Some rural communities devise small but colorful festivals to galvanize community spirit and the local economy by attracting badly needed domestic tourists.
Festivals have helped the local economies improve massively.

Those flowery moves may blow up the underskirts of young noble women but they will get you killed out here.
The flowery moves were being performed on a battlefield.

Ade! Adrin heard Selana's voice from the back of their stone cabin.
Adrin heard Selana screaming.

But LSSM credits the attorneys that volunteer their time and skills to representing the underprivileged and elderly for the success of the organization.
LSSM says attorneys that volunteer are crucial in providing justice.

We did it with the help of the Board and the other staff at LSC.
We never could have done it without the help of the Board and staff of LSC.

what division y'all in
Are you in division one?

It was Julius.
It might have been Julius.

The singers deliver stunning carbon-copy renderings of current and past hits, while the musicians are quite brilliant in their set pieces or improvisations.
The singers and musicians put on a Christmas concert every year.

With the model benchmarked to AEO2001, and given the different mix of scenario assumptions previously described, AMIGA reports the results in the figures and tables that follow.
The AMIGA tables are likely to be the most useful to readers.

As discussed above, the Commission noted that the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C.
The Commission discussed the Securities Exchange Act with the CEOs.

Beads of sweat formed the moment her brow was wiped.
Because of the hot day, she was sweating.

Why are you coming at me with that pillow?
Why do you want to hurt me with the pillow?

The Administrator will allocate to an opt-in unit an amount of allowances equal to fifty percent  the lesser of the unit's baseline heat input or the unit's heat input for the year before the year for which the Administrator is determining the allocation; multiplied by the lesser of the unit's baseline emission rate, the unit's 2002 emissions rate, or the unit's most stringent State or federal emission limitation applicable to the year on which the unit's baseline heat input is based.
The Administrator has an assistant for helping with allocations.

And on it goes.
It's expected to continue going on.

but uh the church uh day care that my kids uh they don't go to a day care you know it's uh during Sunday School and stuff uh the people there are really nice
my children hate going to Sunday School because they're Rastafarians

They'd got the oilskin packet with the blanks, and they were just mad! 
The package had been sent by courier. 

The Parade, the very seat of British colonial splendor, now sits in a sad state in the center of dusty shopping streets.
No one shops in the area anymore.

nope me either
Nope, I don't like them either.

There wasn't a soul in sight.
There was nobody around due to the time.

but uh and you know i'm i'm talking about the early nineteen fifties and you know tuition was six hundred dollars a year my goodness it's eighteen thousand now
College then was more accessible for people who were not rich.

Other writers have influences
Writers have great influence over politics.

After a few weeks he fell out of even the smallest disposable diaper for newborns.
The diapers were made of plastic.

One approximation is to make total engineering, project management, and testing proportional to the project duration.
The project will last a long time and require a lot of effort. 

He sighed and left.
He was tired and was heading home.

These are terrible ideas ( to find out why), but without them the notion is simply empty.
These are all terrible ideas, but the one about the clown might be a good one. 

Declaring that  cooperation in any form with this satanic government is sinful,  Gandhi advocated the boycott of elections and the withdrawal of people from government office.
Gandhi didn't like the government officials personally, so he advocated for election boycotts and the withdrawal of government employees, declaring that cooperation with any form of the government was sinful.

The generation expenditures vary in each of the scenarios change for at least three  (1) the size of the allowance bank made possible by early reductions driven, in part, by program spending prior to the introduction of the caps; (2) the varying levels of demand for electricity over time, resulting in changes in the overall mix of generation resources; and, (3) the gradual reduction in the banked allowances available for withdrawal necessitating additional actions to reduce emissions.
Electricity demand always goes up over time.

The attorney general contends that the money belongs in the state's unclaimed property fund.
The fund has been steadily growing.

You make some fine horse meat stew, A'deem, said Adrin.
A'deem eats the stew after he makes it.

Gion is a global magnet for collectors and dealers of Japanese antiques.
In addition to attracting antique dealers, Gion has an art gallery.

They rest against the southwest corner of the Turkish coastline.
They rest against the southwest corner of the Turkish coastline where you can see the ocean.

and uh this guy was going nuts and his uh son built him a garage and got him some uh oh i don't know what the equipment's called but planes and thi ngs
He was not happy with the garage his son built for him.

To the side of the choir pilgrims queue to descend to the Grotto of the Manger, a simple marble-clad niche in the cave wall that is lit by an array of hanging lamps.
The hanging lamps are oil lamps, and are refueled weekly.

South and west of modern Nara is an ancient area called Nishinokyo (meaning west of the capital ), where you will find three important temples.
Nishinokyo has three important temples from the 1400's, and is located south and west of modern Nara.

no uh in fact that's kind of uh one of the things that's uh funny about it is i go at eight o'clock at night
I go to the store at eight o'clock at night.

The play is Spencer's life reduced to Two Weddings and a Funeral , a quaint and titillating Bloomsbury parallelogram, says the Wall Street Journal 's Donald Lyons.
Donald Lyons of the Wall Street Journal talks about a play and he doesn't like it.

well it works that way with uh with anybody who buys it's very difficult when you first buy your house uh but once but once you do that and hang on to it you'd be surprised what inflation does to uh
It's hard to purchase a home because of the housing bubble.

In modern times, it has been a place for celebrating victory and mourning the passing of France's leaders.
It's a place for many events, including celebration and mourning.

you know like all these people are just standing sitting sitting sitting around just going you know like what shall we do has anybody thought of anything no And then this guy from Federal Federal Express comes along they go what's that this track which it's going around the world and they can tell you where your package is anywhere any time
The Federal Express guy stopped by and relieved our boredom by showing us their tracking system.

35 Increasing personal saving is vital to enhancing individual households' retirement security, to increasing national saving available to invest in the nation's capital stock, and ultimately to reducing the burden on future generations of financing government programs for the elderly.
Increasing national saving is beneficial to both citizens and the economy.

During the last presidential campaign, according to Galbraith, Tudjman received 250 times as much TV time as his opponent.
Tudjman produced 250 times more content for TV than the person opposing him during the election claims Galbraith in a new report.

a big appreciation for music
appreciation for music, from listening to playing all kinds of instruments

But in the case of baseball, the addition of a global--or at least national--perspective should be seen as a virtue.
A relatively large perspective in baseball will unite many people together.

uh but i like uh Reggie Roby
but i'm a fan of Reggie Roby because he never played for the Bears

As figure 2.1 shows, gross national saving rebounded.
Reboundment of gross national saving happened many years ago.

The chauffeur looked round for orders.
The chauffer did not move until he got an order.

Behind the chapel is the 11th-century refectory where it is possible to gain an insight into the daily lives of the generations of monks who made this monastery their home.
The chapel was built in the 11th century by a group of monks.

Which is, after all, just melted silicon.
Which is, after all, just very expensive melted silicon.

some days it is
Some days, it rains.

But the hesitant Carlo Alberto of Piedmont gave the Austrians time to recover and Italian gains toppled like dominoes.
Carlo Alberto of Piedmont was beheaded.

so am i yes what a coincidence
What a coincidental meeting. 

As you say, said Dunkan.
Dunkan did what he was told to do, which was important.

Making financial management a priority throughout the federal government involves changing the organizational culture of federal agencies.
Making financial management is a priority if you want to save money.

Just north of Miyazaki is one of the many results of Japan's grandiose spending projects that characterized the bubble economy years of the 1980s and early 1990s.
The Japanese government spent a lot of money on elaborate architecture in the 1980s. 

TONY SNOW (on Fox News Sunday ): When you get to heaven, who's going to speak first, you or God?
Tony was speaking sarcastically to his co-anchor. 

If a blood alcohol level is obtained to facilitate treatment of an illness or injury, it is not under special protection.
Blood alcohol levels are needed for treatment 

He wants the United States to adopt an emergency tariff of between 10 percent and 15 percent on imports to force other countries to abandon their mercantile trading strategies.
He wants that an emergency tariff is adpoted in the United States, said the news.

If I don't, how should I handle it, given that we'll see each other around?
I do not like the idea of seeing each other.

But I don't know that I ought, , " Dorcas hesitated. 
Dorcas was scared of their reaction. 

but Prudie, in her wisdom, has decided you are a more reliable critic than VP.
You are more reliable as a critic than VP, because you thought more carefully about the situation.

The Second Temple was finished in 515 b.c. , but much of the city still lay in ruins.
The First Temple was finished before 515 b.c.

Having you reveal your name just before I was sent back and feeling I'd won?" He grimaced.
I was sent back for a good reason.

My wife and I recently renovated a fabulous condo loft in a historic downtown area.
We are going to flip this condo.

Troubled Monica is an old  Reporters needed a new angle for this round of Flytrap.
Monica has been a reporter for 4 years.

The Court further asserts that these cases are different from Rust because the welfare funding restriction seeks to use an existing medium of expression and to control it . . . in ways which distort its usual functioning, ante, at 8. This is wrong on both the facts and the law.
As a result of these factual and legal errors, the Court rules in favor of the plaintiff.

The human capital outputs and outcomes should be the same as those measured for the Government Performance and Results Act (GPRA) and the budget and could be reported in a Statement of Program Performance Measures as described in Appendix 1-F to the concepts statement entitled, Entity and Display, SFFAC  
The United States created the Government Performance and Results Act.

that's not too bad at all
That's better than I expected

He is buried with 2,023 of his warriors, who died in the ill-fated 1877 Satsuma Rebellion.
There are over 3,000 bodies buried here.

It is a simple construction but we'll need a lot of them," said Jon.
"It's a simple task, but we need many to stop their advance," said Jon.

Even sexual assaults are increasing although this might reflect a reduction of social stigma in what remains a deeply conservative society, where previously the number of reported incidents was severely constrained.
There is a low rate of sexual assault in Japan because of how conservative of a country it is.

Nearby waters, particularly rich in prawns and red mullet, provide all manner of eating houses, both on the beach and in the town, with some of the best seafood on the coast.
Due to the abundance of seafood, prices are very cheap.

you bet no that's right yeah i i know of some people who did uh it was it was indirectly related you know they could always come up with other reasons but it it had a lot to do with it just uh the the whole attitude because it's really uh it's just really it it seems so unTI you know with the the whole relaxed atmosphere that we have um to all of a sudden
The people that I knew who did it were an odd bunch.

but or even a bird or a fish tank or something you know
I would even like to have a fish, s long as i could care for it.

It is, instead, a dynamic and inclusive process.
It is a dynamic yet also smelly process.

Close to 80 individuals serve on the committees.
Almost 80 individuals serve on committees like the public health committee.

Each attack in response to a blow or defense from the Kal that never happened.
He wanted to get beaten up.

The following is a recommended selection of Las Vegas's best hotels in four price categories.
Here are some great places to stay in Las Vegas, depending on if you can spend $50, $100,$200, or more.

they don't know how to sit there and look at the interest rate and say well this one is only sixteen percent and this one's twenty two hum
They don't know how to sit down at a desk and look at interest rates.

or mothers to children you know because they're able to spend some time
Mothers to kids due to the fact they have the capability to invest time into the kids without extra pressures added to them.

Two things, however, that you missed in Paste Test: Colgate Total makes your tongue numb (I've tested this with a friend), and Mentadent/pump pastes in general are hugely wasteful.
Mentadent tastes great, but its wastefulness is inexcusable.

My own hand was crushed by the Colonel's.
The Colonel was a very large man.

Cardiovascular Emergency room visits for asthma Lower and Upper respiratory illness Asthma Attacks Respiratory symptoms Minor restricted activity days** Days of work loss Changes in pulmonary function Neonatal mortality Low birth weight Chronic respiratory diseases other than
After an ER visit for an asthma attack there is a loss of work days.

And it will be risky, but we may even be able to shape a bit of the sun stuff to represent the great orb in the sky."  "What about the planets?" Hanson was beginning to feel the depression lift.
Hanson was happy to hear the news.

The best of Jamaica's spicy cuisine, including saltfish and ackee, rice and peas, fish in coconut milk, and Escovitch fish.
Jamaica has spicy food with lots of fruit in it.

We're dead, and we're here, and they tell us to make helicopters.
We are confused as to why they want us to make helicopters.

IPM projects power sector emissions under Title IV of the 1990 Clean Air Act Amendments (The Acid Rain Program), which caps SO2 emissions at 8.95 million tons/year beginning in 2010.
IPM projects emissions for each year to go down.

Be warned that the pubs around O'Connell Street can be rough, and at times Temple Bar pubs can be rowdy.
The pubs around O'Connell Street are rowdier than Temple Bar pubs.

The Industrialist stared, looked at the Astronomer, turned to stare again.
The Astronomer turned his gaze to stare as well.

It's really cool to be postmodern and hip
I think being postmodern and hip is easy.

Five bars and two restaurants with good health-food selection.
There are multiple bars and restaurants that are open all night.

Framed this way, the story is dying.
Told from first person and negatively, the story is dying on arrival.

At ten-thirty Tuppence surveyed with pride a slightly battered tin trunk containing her new possessions.
Tuppence spent since ten oclock putting her belongings in the tin trunk.

In most cases, the sorbent storage silo will be field erected; however, for some facilities that require less sorbent, a smaller, prefabricated silo may be installed.
Sorbent storage silos built in the field are much larger than the prefabricated, less sorbent ones.

The boats carrying the banana crops also fostered the beginnings of the tourist trade.
Banana boats still carry tourists into Jamaica today.

my husband it's not a job that i enjoy at all
The job I don't like is something I have my husband do.

There is a lady below, asking for Mr Hastings.
Mr Hastings doesn't want to see the woman.

At first I'd been only grateful to her for being so kind to me; but all the time I felt there was something about her I didn't like, and on the Irish boat I saw her talking to some queer-looking men, and from the way they looked I saw that they were talking about me.
The men she was talking to seemed to have an excessive amount of interest in me.

No, I never take it in coffee. 52 "Sacre!" murmured Poirot to himself, as he brought back the replenished cup. 
As Poirot brought back the cup filled with earl gray coffee, he muttered, "Sacre!" to himself.

They exported salt from the southern end of the island and lead from the mines of Sant Carles, and at the same time extracted a purple dye from shellfish which was used for imperial cloaks.
Along with salt, lead and dye, they exported coal and rock.

A less obvious factor fostering residential segregation is the boundary between city and suburb.
the boundary between city and suburb is often vaguely defined. 

oh i think
I think that's what is going to happen.

[T]he passion and pain of the affair that shook the world has been exposed in the lovers' own words.
The affair made everyone watch the news every night.

yeah i went one time to um okay Minneapolis
I went to Minneapolis with my sister.

uh if you ever hear of the Maryland steamed crabs
The steamed crabs of Maryland are a rather popular dish.

um and you know you and uh let's see there's another one up in uh just north of Baltimore called Ralphie's Diner
It is an excellent choice.

and he said oh it's going to be just about four hours well  he was gone the whole day and he said well all i got done was the taping around
It ended up taking him more than four hours to do the whole thing.

The best freshwater fishing hereabouts is the Amadorio Dam, 4 km (21?a2 miles) from Villajoyosa (see page 34) and, to a lesser extent, Guadalest's dam.
Nearby lakes also offer freshwater fishing. 

He earned about $200,000 from the Christian Coalition.
From the Christian Coalition, he earned about $200,000, he's now rich.

These new arrivals have created a series of shanty-towns around the perimeter of the city.
Shanty towns surround the city completely and keep growing.

How did you hear the news? I asked. 
I didn't think you heard about the news.

What involvement did other key players have in connection with these accountability failures?
Other key players were involved in the failures.

oh yeah i mean i love children um i don't know seem when i was growing up my Mom stayed at home with me and my brother until we were in junior high
Kids who grew up with a parent at home are better adjusted and happier.

Justice Cynthia Kinser of the Virginia Supreme Court, keynote speaker for the celebration, said the concept of legal aid can be traced back to wording in England's Magna Carta, but the first version in this country was an 1876 program in New York to help German immigrants.
The german immigrants who received legal aid were given it for free. 

MARKETABLE TREASURY SECURITIES - Debt securities, including Treasury bills, notes, and bonds, that the U.S.
Marketable treasury securities are debt securities of the U.S, according to the dictionary.

OPP staff work with grantees to enhance the quality of their work through ongoing contact, through LSC's Library Resource Initiative (see section IV), and through program visits.
Program visits are done on an ongoing basis.

And in the United States.
In the US and in Canada.

and so between us we got all our own little things to do
We keep busy doing our own thing.

The version of Linux that comes in Mastering Linux offers no technical assistance, but Red Hat's version 5.2, which costs $39.
Linux doesn't offer technical assistance to the customers who run Apple.

It estimated that in 1989 city delivery cost per piece was only 8 percent lower than rural delivery, but that city delivery cost per delivery point was actually 7 percent higher than rural delivery cost.
City delivery and rural delivery costs are similar.

From here, the long, narrow arcade called Nakamise-dori is lined with shops selling toasted rice crackers, spices in gourd-shaped wooden bottles, dolls, toys, fans, children's kimono, and ornaments and souvenirs of all sorts.
Every kind of ornament and souvenir is available at the arcade.

The difference of 15.
Subtract 15 minus 7.

REPORTING STANDARDS FOR PERFORMANCE AUDITS
REPORTING STANDARDS FOR AUDITS OF PERFORMANCE AND QUALITY.

Our review indicates that the Board complied with the applicable requirements.
They met their deadlines.

oh really yeah i i've gotten to where i won't even buy juices anymore because i'm afraid of what's in there
I only drink bottled water now.

Sacre! he murmured. 
"Sacre!" he said to himself.

Strike a match to see the effect.
The only way to see the effect is to strike a match.

i don't know whether you've ever thought in terms of that but
Is that a new idea for you?

Even now she could almost swear it moved as though some one was behind it.
There was someone behind it moving it for her.

We know the surface temperature of the Earth is warming.
We know the Earth is getting hotter because of global warming.

What the case comes down to is LSC's discretion to reconfigure the service areas in the state, says Alan Kraus, who represents LSC and Youells.
Poorly configured service areas can result in great inefficiencies.

Increasingly, hospitals use cross coverage, in which a fresh resident covers patients for several other residents at night.
Hospitals need to cut costs 

The guy was on TV about a month ago and he said you'll never see me standing in the driveway of my house talking to these candidates.
As we learned last month, he is a staunch Republican.

but if you look at what's in that little car and as opposed to what's in some of the American cars you can see where we're probably a half a step behind and i think i think we're trying to do something to correct that but i think we got away from us a little bit so
They want American cars but cannot afford them.

must not be exceeded before the definitive test is initiated.
The definitive test is initiated before the drive.

In addition, three working groups were  Non-Adjudicatory Problem Solving; User Friendly Pro Se Adjudication; and Legal Service Delivery System.
There were more working groups than non-working groups.

  Government Auditing Standards, 1988 Revision.
This is the latest revision.

oh i'm an engineer i'm uh in fact i'm working the night uh because of the cutbacks and everything uh my job there were three managers jobs that were just dissolved and so they put me on nights i i call this my recession job and i'm working nights just kind of cov ering uh shutdown equipment and everything and just being available here i don't mind
I work on weeknights only. 

How could an economist of Greenspan's sophistication fumble such important questions in such an unsophisticated manner?
Unaccustomed to the process of being scrutinized so heavily, Greenspan was rather nervous.

These new lands included the stronghold of Edinburgh.
The stronghold of Edinburgh is within these new lands along with the river beside it.

Again Tommy's fist shot out, and the driver sprawled on the pavement.
Tommy hated the driver and punched him as hard as he could.

The SBA has confirmed that some agencies follow this practice without objection from SBA.
The SBA doesn't like to get involved in other agencies practices.

Between 1789 and 1815 the chapel served variously as a flour warehouse, a clubhouse for high-ranking dandies, and finally as an archive for Bonaparte's Consulate.
The chapel is sought out by many different people.

Investors are not looking for quick schemes that endanger the company.
The company will lose money on quick schemes.

'Nothing,' White's expression was of grim amusement.
What was amused by his own answer. 

The first of Grenewald's painted panels depicts on one side the conversion and temptation of Anthony and on the other the birth of Jesus and a chorus of angels.
One side of the panel depicts a scene where Anthony was tempted by creatures in the desert.

"Croaker, also." Drew stopped by the mule, patted the long nose, gave a flip to the limp ear.
Drew loved his faithful mule and had him for a long time.

so you have three cats
You have more than two cats, but is a pet deposit for having more than one.

Defense  So could we.
Arming ourselves, we were good at that.

If you are on a short visit to Japan, your excursion time might be better spent elsewhere.
You will lose too much time traveling there and back.

As Buchanan put it, the boys in the War Room had won a little victory today over this little girl who is going to be denied justice.
If this little girl had taken Buchanan's advice, she would have gotten justice.

With their money at stake, Mailers prefer that things be done right rather than fast!
With huge amounts of money at stake, Mailers prefer that things be done right rather than fast. 

Review the dailies from 1942 or 1929 or 1863, and you'll come away with a similar impressively false sense of the great events of the day.
The events during 1942 or 1929 or 1863 were far grander in scope and importance than the dailies communicated.

He stood up woodenly, with his face frozen.
His face was frozen because he'd seen something frightening.

Mr. Carter smiled.
Mr. Carter was very happy.

it it was probably worth about a twentieth of a penny and and i mean i i i just about kissed the guard i mean when i got there he was like i was like we're so happy to see you he's like you're sort of knew why
The guard deeply appreciated my signs of affection. 

The installation of an FGD system requires a significant amount of labor.
The FGD system is expensive, as well. 

It has an interesting story to tell.
It was interesting to explain what happened when they joined the alliance.

These are Hawaii, Kansas, and New York.
The states are Hawaii, Kansas and New York, said the TV presenter.

So it seems, said Sir James dryly.
Sir James was unhappy to be find himself agreeing.

The peculiar name refers to the seals that once swam near the fishing village.
The seals that swam near the fishing village were hunted to extinction.

The specific adjustment procedure applied is described in more detail in the Heavy-Duty Engine/Diesel Fuel RIA (U.S.
The specific adjustment procedure that is applied deals with diesel fuel in semi trucks.

In 1855, Mormon leader Brigham Young responded to promising reports of Las Vegas by sending 30 missionary settlers to the valley; they eventually built a fort not far from today's Downtown.
Brigham Young was the leader of the Quakers sending missionaries to the valley. 

Critics hyped the face-off between New Republic theater critic Robert Brustein and black playwright August Wilson over Afrocentric theater as the intellectual version of extreme fighting (Frank Rich, the New York Times ). But the debate was judged to be a flop--lots of combative bravado and little payoff.
Robert is extremely tough and straight forward.

The neat 6:3:2 mathematical relationship among the price groups should be noted.
Take note of the 6:3:2 relationship because it will be on the final exam. 

Indeed, the ad accuses Clinton, rather than his critics, of invoking legal mumbo jumbo to obscure the immorality of his misconduct.
Although Clinton's deeds were immoral, he had to defend himself in order to not get impeached.

wow how about that that i'm not quite as mechanically inclined although that some of the the basic things that you need to do for uh the maintenance of your warranty on a vehicle
I have to take my vehicle to a mechanic to complete the needed work.

well you know i have noticed too that uh uh when i started the exercise uh not the exercise but the walking program uh that i did tone up you know like all over but it didn't get the upper part of my body and uh so
I wish I could tone my upper body but it seems impossible with the walking program.

Even at the smallest of firms, the median hourly rate starts at roughly $130 an hour and passes $180, according to a 2002 survey by Altman Weil, a legal consulting company.
They made a lot of money every week.

On primordial  I don't believe in single identities, but there are root identities such as being a Basque, a Catalan, a Kurd, or an Occitan, especially when there is a need to assert such a root identity against a larger, sometimes more smothering polity or culture.
The presence of a smothering culture makes those of root identities more likely to assert themselves.

and uh i thought of those two things when i was i was holding for a long time yeah yeah
There are other things I held on to for a long time.

i know there's you know when you adjust your income for what you put out for day care you know you're only making like five
Day care can eat away a huge chunk of your income.

The Normans, following the pattern of earlier invaders, became rapidly assimilated.
The Normans were simply too enamored with the cultural improvements.

Scholars will continue to debate the reason for many years to come.
Scholars are eager to debate the reason for many years.

but still i work in southeast Dallas and a lot of my children are from poor you know socioeconomic areas homes and it's just like they always have money they they always are dressed nice you know most of them are fairly nice not like you would think a a poor person would be
Most of those poor people act pretty nice, even though they are from poor homes, because their parents teach them well.

Yet deficits are deeply unpopular, most of all with the sort of folks who celebrate the new wealth created by the stock market.
Deficits are very unpopular with folks who celebrate the wealth of the stock market because deficits helped them get rich.

to to fool people and and things huh
It is easy to fool people.

i i am i work faster i get things done faster than when i'm in a dress and heels you know i it and it's weird but i it's i do i i can i can get so much more done if i'm dressed comfortable you know
I like to wear dresses around the house too.

Six years later, Connecticut resident James Buckley suffered similar charges en route to winning the seat.
James Buckley overcame obstacles to win the seat. 

The wrestlers also enact crucifixions, sadomasochism, and prostitution.
The wrestlers act out sadomasochism in the ring for show.

That he was not in the house last night.
He had an alibi that shaid he wasn't at the house last night.

For testimony based on new or ongoing work, regardless of whether it is a preliminary or a final product, GAO will obtain the views of agency officials on the information collected from the agency to
GAO will obtain the views of the general public

Liam Neeson brings Oscar Wilde chic to Broadway in a new play by British playwright David Hare, but critics are unimpressed.
Liam Neeson performed poorly in the new Broadway play by David hare.

Remarkably, Poland retained enough military might to repel the Ottoman Turks in their advance through the Balkans.
The Ottoman Turks, believing Poland to be a weak opponent, did not prepare heavily for any possible opposition.

Ever so slowly, the enormous block of stone began to move, while the ropes drew tighter.
The ropes were almost at their breaking point.

i wanted to take a sewing class at school but i just haven't fit it into my schedule yet but that i mean that can really benefit
When I was in 9th grade I almost took a sewing class but between music classes and sports, my schedule was very busy.

Or, if he conducted the search, he would have pretended to find the hiding-place already rifled.
The hiding place hadn't been found yet.

You'll want to return here to browse the Boulevard Galleries of art set up around the square on summer weekends.
The Boulevard Galleries always feature a children's exhibit.

It was neither more nor less than the deliberate poisoning of a fond and trusting woman by the stepson to whom she had been more than a mother. 
Her stepson deserves the severest of punishments for her murder.

As night fell, the six horses and seven riders rode south out of Fena Kef.
The group rode out at night so that they weren't seen.

i know what you mean course like i say the only thing i do miss is PBS because i there several things on there i like Masterpiece Theatre Mystery
Yes, but I do miss PBS and CNN.

The Dual is closed even to the Seri.
It's unfair that the Seri are kept out.

You will be met by a flight of steep steps, but the superb views across the city make the climb worthwhile.
There are exactly 39 steps in the flight of stairs.

is that right there's a there's a fabulous career
I wouldn't do that, but it is a great career option for someone else.

yes oh yes and she still loves her to death i mean when they see each other you know they just love each other to death and she literally spent
They love each other more than anyone else.

Time wonders how the United States will handle hard to place recipients when the five-year welfare limit comes up in 2001.
Hard to place minority welfare recipients will be hard to handle in 2001.

oh gosh oh cut your time in half at least
Cut your working time by more than half.

Those who need legal help and don't get it feel totally lost.
Once someone is arrested, they really need to find a lawyer so they don't get lost in the system. 

For a while doctors said mothers shouldn't feed more than once every four hours.
For a while doctors said moms shouldn't feed more than once for every four hours otherwise they would fatten their babies too much.

In addition to exhibits of Perakia rich variety of minerals, ores, and fossils are models of tin-mining equipment.
The most attractive exhibit is the huge tin-mining equipment.

It took ages to resolve, but in the end Gerry didn't get to be department chair (though the two are, somewhat horrifyingly, still colleagues).
Gerry was removed as the department chair.

Hare's script is faulted for making Wilde inhumanly noble and for blaming Wilde's celebrated fall entirely on his lover, Lord Alfred Douglas.
His script cited Lord Alfred Douglas as the one and only cause of Wilde's fall.

If food and medical care tripled in cost, people would of necessity spend less on other things to pay for the increase or cut down on the food and medical care they purchased.
If the cost of food tripled, the 1% probably wouldn't notice.

i thought that was just great
That was simply amazing due to the actor's skill.

that's it um-hum see now that's the that's the thing now
That is exactly what I was talking about.

He turned to Ca'daan.
He turned to Ca'daan and told him he loved him, then left forever.

There, wasn't that easy?
I can tell that was effortless.

When Shane Massello realized his former landlord was not going to return a security deposit he believed he was entitled to, his first thought was to go to court for the money.
Shane Massello wished to represent himself legally.

Saint-Bertrand-de-Comminges
There is no other place quite like Saint-Bertrand-de-Comminges.

Ca'daan felt his heart jump.
Ca'daan was terrified of the group.

Democrats will point out that the president's party usually loses dozens of congressional seats in his sixth year.
Presidents don't lose seats during their first terms.

While many gambling halls opened Downtown in the 1930s and early 1940s, only two were built on the stretch of old Los Angeles Highway that ultimately became the Strip.
Many gambling halls Downtown made lots of money.

Off-balance and off guard, the cops fought back with Gauntlet fire.
The cops fought back and won. 

'  Publishers Weekly gives the book its only upbeat review, praising the narrator's compelling voice and calling the author remarkably assured.
Publishers Weekly said the book was wonderful and named it the book of the year.

Emergent political parties in Jacksonian America were intertwined with the federal postal system.
Many early American politicians once worked for the postal service.

It proved to be an inspiration to Alfred Lord Tennyson when he was writing his poem Morte d'Arthur. 
Tennyson was inspired to write about his experiences in the palace.

And a bizarre photo essay depicts a husband and wife who have worn matching outfits every day for the last 17 years.
It was the husband's idea for the couple to wear matching outfits.

yeah so what do you buy what are you looking for you look for an automatic you know you look for something with all the
Automatics cost a bit more than manuals.

We have recently seen how current accounting and reporting requirements are inadequate.
Many financial scandals have proven that accounting and reporting requirements are insufficient.

we beat Buffalo in in and was it third of December
It was awesome.

Then he lost control with too much tension or fatigue and began getting a bunch of assorted junk, such as old 201-A tubes, a transit, a crystal vase and resistors.
Tension and fatigue had been the bane of his existence for a long time.

The impression of the visitor today will be that very little has changed.
The changes are hard to find from the outside.

From the hall, a colonnade leads to an immense hypostyle (with columns supporting the roof) hall, decorated with double rows of papyrus columns with beautifully preserved colors, and on to the Court of Amenophis III.
All the color in the hall looks just as it did when it was built.

My fingers twitched out arcs of lightning in their general direction.
My fingers shot lightning at them because they had made me angry

Should you venture east of Downtown, you'll find that although the lush orange and lemon groves that blossomed in the San Gabriel Valley 100 years ago have all but disappeared, this proserous suburban area still has a wealth of botanical delights.
You can see roses if you visit the Downtown area.

You'll laugh at me. She smiled. 
She smiled, but really wanted to laugh at him. 

Don't look down.
If you look down, the height will frighten you. 

oh no damp
Something bad happened.

Much to the embarrassment of his brother-in-law and the consternation of others in the State Department, details have recently emerged about Shearer's efforts, in 1996 and 1997, to arrange for Bosnian Serb leader Radovan Karadzic to surrender to the International War Crimes Tribunal in the Hague.
The relatives did not know that their relation was a criminal.

that that seems to be the way the Rangers operate
The Rangers always seem operate in that manner

GOOD - A tangible product produced to provide to a customer.
Goods are important. 

All the way out from Texas he had practiced doggedly with the lariat, and his best fell far short of what a range-bred child could do.
He was always a hardworking man, ever since he was a fetus.

no and you know that's the only place i haven't tried and people have told me now that's the Texan facility
Many people have recommended the Texan facility to me.

At these worldwide installations, the volume of SCR catalyst in use is estimated to be approximately 55,000 to 95,000 m3.
At these worldwide installations, the volume of SCR catalyst is quite high, compared to the average.

Many of these items are so called marriage mail pieces which contain several individual advertisements combined into a single piece.
The advertisements are very effective at acquiring customers.

Last week, a witness collapsed in tears while apologizing to the ranchers.
The ranchers were satisfied with the witness's apology.

It was none other than Morris who played a pivotal role in the Dayton Peace Accords.
The pivotal role was in bringing the multiple parties to the table.

well the fact i live in it and there's just my dog and i now my dog is a wonderful traveler but i do have to stop for her quite frequently
My dog is a great companion when traveling.

Building on work undertaken by last year's grantees, LSC has approved grants to create 29 new statewide web sites.
LSC has approved grants to create 5 new mainstream application spinoffs.

AGA is recognized as a leading advocate for improving the quality and effectiveness of government fiscal administration.
The quality and effectiveness of government fiscal administration needs more improvement to face current challenges.

And, subtly implying that a jury which did not so decide, was quite unthinkable, Mr. Philips sat down and wiped his forehead. 
Using a blue handkerchief, Mr. Philips wiped his forehead.

If we want to illustrate, for example, working conditions for immigrant laborers, we can report what the thermometers registered and we can also report, firsthand, how people were sweating and what it felt like to be out in the fields.
It felt very bad to work out in the fields.

well my family moved to Texas about eight years ago my husband was raised here but i i have never lived here so um when when we came back to Texas i i was really kind of excited there wasn't a state income tax and there wasn't a tax on food that we purchased at the grocery store and things and all of that was new to me so
my husband was really excited to be back in Texas

SOCIAL INSURANCE
Social Insurance is a good thing.

It is unparalleled for the mal de tete." He jumped up and took her cup. 
He stole the cup from her.

yeah see that's that's too many games
I think that's too many games for a player

We may have to stay there a while," said Jon.
Jon said we may have to stay here awhile because the attackers are coming.

The girl I am seeing now, like the one before her, has--and this isn't politically correct--a major pair of hooters.
The girl has large breasts and works at hooters.

Not such a terrible thing, thinks Buchanan, and certainly nothing to start a war over.
Buchanan thinks that it is not a terrible thing that is enough to start a war but some critics disagree with him.

The portraits, in which he used calm observation and academic skill to depict external reality while representing the interior through distortion and paper-tearing physical force, are more troubling than many of the interestingly science-fictional renderings of his visions, for example.
His visions included flying cars and spacecraft.

and it's like oh great grandpa you know
Being me is like being great grandpa most days.

This brings soft money and other much-criticized practices under scrutiny.
Money, wealth and power were under scrutiny. 

From October to May, the summit is covered in snow and often closed to the public.
It's too dangerous for the public to travel to the summit from October to May.

They like the relaxed, low-key atmosphere and Gallic flair of the place.
They like a relaxed atmosphere because they are a relaxed type of people.  

The issue isn't how much violence.
It has nothing to do with violence.

 He thought of calling Ser Perth or Sather Karf, but there was no time for that, and they could hardly have heard him over the sounds of the desperate fight going on.
He would have called them if he was more sure.

Six (6) delivery days per week times 52 weeks less 10 holidays.
Sunday is never considered a delivery day.

In the Family Therapy Network chat room, a posting on marijuana proved to be the most popular ever, prompting a wide-ranging adult discussion of law, professional responsibility, mental health, addiction, mind expansion, and above all, children.
The discussion about marijuana concluded with the community supporting legalization.

On Martinique you're likely to get the same discount if you pay with one of the major credit cards.
On Martinique you're not likely to receive a discount if playing with a check.

In the Notice of Proposed Rulemaking the Commission solicited comments on the costs to establishments of providing volume control and hearing aid compatibility.
Until now, hearing aid compatibility in establishments has been very hard to come by.

The only evidence of Polycrates's time is the giant mole which, now strengthened, still stands on the ancient foundations.
The ancient foundations still hold a kitchen, bedroom and hallway.

no no at ho me just have it delivered yeah we we have number of our pizza places deliver and i assume that you have that there also
There are over a dozen places that deliver pizza near our home.

If Hatch and his party want to try to proscribe race-conscious policies by democratic means, nobody's stopping them (from trying, that is).
Hatch and his party can try to proscribe race-conscious policies by democratic means if they want but they will never succeed.

The estimated steel requirement for a 500 MWe ACI system is indicated in Table 4-1.
The estimated steel needs is one ton.

well that's about all i have here
I wish I had more here.

OK, OK, I get the magazine really for the articles, but I always look at the pictures first.
The magazine has some of the best pictures in the world.  

are you well i'm sort of an exercise fanatic i'm big on swimming
I swim a lot and love working out in many ways.

Travel agencies happily provide a range of camping and cooking equipment, as well as the guides, cooks, and porters you need, and a jeep for travelling to more remote and inaccessible areas.
The travel agencies are very helpful to you.

Maurice's BBQ by far the best of the day.
Maurice's BBQ is the best BBQ I ever had.

The Ptolemaic era came to an end with its most famous ruler, Queen Cleopatra.
The end of the Ptolemaic era ushered in centuries of Roman rule. 

We note, in particular, our support of the OIG's work to strengthen LSC recipients' compliance efforts and Case Service Reporting, which has resulted in increased accuracy in the documentation of the performance of LSC recipients.
The OIG's main goal is to strengthen LSC recipients' Case Service Reporting. 

Therefore, USEPA recommends the use of the $ 0.5 dilution factor (see Section 4, Quality Assurance).
The factor is determined by repeated testing.

For the first three or four weeks when we were at the height of these disturbing trends, people were picked up and missing from their families and one person died in detention, he says. 
People were missing from their families and one person died while being held by INS.

The programs' course work focuses initially on the tools and techniques of advanced accounting and finance as well as general business skills.
There are twenty three different tools and techniques covered in the course.

On 12 April 1782, in the sea channel near Guadeloupe's little off-shore islands of Les Saintes, a British fleet gained historic revenge against French Admiral de Grasse, of Yorktown fame, in a battle that is still talked about today.
The sea channel was near Guadeloupe's off-shore islands that were not inhabited.

I was ahead of schedule, Derry.
I was making good time so I decided to take a break. 

Do you know there was a whole crowd staring in at the lodge gates this morning. 
They seemed to grow bigger from day to day.

 "You've got all the time you need to work things out, Sathator Hanson," Sather Karf told him.
"You can stay here as long as you want until you figure things out, Sathator Hanson," said Sather Karf.

For example, the Department of Planning and Budget currently performs trend analysis and prepares fiscal impact statements for the state's legislature, using useful, relevant, and timely financial information from the state's integrated budget and accounting systems.
Timely financial information includes salaries and employment data.

yeah they uh yeah they had to choose between the better of the two two bad situations and
They had to choose which of the situations was better in face of the facts.

It did not demonstrate design stability until about 3 years after it held its critical design review.
The design stability was in doubt during the 3 years.

I wonder who 'they'  
They are strangers and I have never seen them before. 

Now in ruins, it sits atop a rocky promontory.
The ruins are of an ancient temple. 

As Commissioner Rossotti has stated, IRS' current cumbersome organizational structure and inadequate technology are the principal obstacles to delivering dramatic improvements in customer service and productivity.
It is believed that the organization's byzantine structure makes it difficult to be productive with customers.

Hampered at every turn by my colleagues, fettered by the democratic system of which I should be the mere figurehead! 
I was hampered at every turn by my colleagues, though in hindsight my work at the time wasn't what any of us would call ethical, anyway. 

She smiled, and so did I. 
Seeing her smile made me so happy that it made me smile as well.

i'm the youngest in my family until i was uh in junior high school old enough to care for myself when i got home from school
We did not need a maid when I was in junior high school.

Everybody hopes Hong Kong will remain stable, but everyone also has their doubts.
No one know if Hong Kong will stay stable during the civil war.

The royal apartments were set ablaze in the uprising of 1871 and were subsequently restored to become the home of the Council of State and more recently of the Ministry of Culture.
The cause of the 1871 blaze is still a mystery to this day.

There are two facts of significance."
All of the other facts don't matter, only these two.

but it seems as though if you really want to set a time side time to read the Bible and you work and and whatever uh that pretty well takes up your time for reading
If you want to Read the bible and been a better person, it takes up much of your time.

At night we sometimes had sex outside on the deck--and even in a swing hanging from a tree in her front yard.
We were always open to new ideas in the bedroom.

She's willing to lend it to me sometimes when it's a case of working on strictly unofficial lines.
Sometimes she's willing to lend me the software, when it's a case where I am working unofficially.

Poirot, however, did not seem grateful to me for my forbearance. 
Poiroit didn't seem grateful to me because he disliked me.

Cattle could also be kept off feed for 12 or more hours before they are slaughtered.
When money is tight farmers may not feed their cattle for 12 or more hours before they are slaughtered.

To date, all published studies on emergency department or trauma center interventions have used the collaborative care approach.
Those working in emergency have found that the collaborative care approach is most effective during interventions.

Hire some passengers, hire a submarine that's the only difficulty, I guess.
Find people who would like to go in the water.

The drive east from Port Antonio offers some of the prettiest views in Jamaica.
Jamaica is home to a vast amount of culture, despite being so tiny.

Peace with Spain in 1411 prompted Portugal to seek overseas conquests.
Portugal is a wonderful place to visit for its history.

Con?­se?­quently, the realm broke up into the fiefdoms of the feudal Mid?­dle Ages, precursors of the country's classical provinces ' Provence, Bur?­gun?­dy, Nor?­mandy, Brittany, and so forth.
The area was changed forever after a large military invaded it.

Bush plays up his born-again faith to the religious right.
Bush lies to the religious right, as he is not actually very religious.

uh-huh yeah  that's the hard thing out that way but uh i liked Riverside though the weather in Riverside was pretty good in California was it was i have a son lives in Riverside and one lives in Corona so
I have a son and a daughter.

GPRA seeks to address such situations by requiring agencies to consult with Congress and other stakeholders to clarify their missions and reach agreement on their goals.
 GPRA seeks to fire anybody who has any involvement in any such situation

Neither does jumping to conclusions.
It does no good to jump to conclusions.

These core values serve as both beliefs and boundaries; beliefs in the form of positive concepts one can be committed to, and boundaries in the form of limits that should not be violated.
Management believes that by thinking of core values in terms of boundaries and beliefs, the essence of the message remains easy for workers to grasp.

uh-huh well sometimes too when we take out our garbage and we usually you know we just dump it in the middle of the garden you know after your garden's basically done
It makes great fertilizer.

only scratches the surface of this issue by focusing on the murky areas of politics, raw power, and corruption.
The issue really stems from the General public's lack of interest.

Unfortunately, it seems to have failed its first test.
It seems the rocket failed the first test.

A real liar wouldn't tell you that he's a liar as Wolff does, would he?
Wolff admits he lied about his occupation.

Give them to me.
I really need those, give it to me.

But if $30,000 per year were saved for 12,000 offices, another one-third of a billion dollars would become available.
That extra one-third of a billion dollars could go to education or veterans' affairs.

But can he forever?
We don't know if he can forever because we don't know how long he will live.

The Washington Post awards the GOP a clean win on an issue of prime importance to the American public but foresees an election-time brawl.
The win was very important to the American people.

Then head back to Alicante, just 28 km (17 miles) away.
A taxi to Alicante is surprisingly cheap despite the distance.

It uses the moral and historical grandeur of a world war to promote its cranky local obsessions to a level of universality and interest that they do not deserve.
They don't deserve the amount of interest they've gotten from the media.

Springing to her feet, she cried out angrily: "What do you mean? 
She didn't like what she had just heard.

Columba Bush, wife of the Florida governor, declared only $500 worth of goods upon her return from a Paris vacation, but agents found $19,000 in receipts in her passport and fined her $4,100 on the spot.
Columba Bush lied about the money spent during her vacation in Paris, but the news knew the truth as soon as she declared it.

It also has a fine collection of bronzes from the ninth to the 12th centuries.
The bronzes are mostly in the form of sculptures.

A good or service is the product of a process resulting from the consumption of resources.
Different resources may be better suited to producing different goods and services. 

The magazine market is less like a general election, in which the candidate with the higher negative rating always loses, than like a crowded primary, in which the fight for attention is crucial, and it's worth alienating some people in order to attract others.
A magazine will do almost anything to get attention.

and the two guys i was with they were like well this you're a wimp you know because we've been drinking out of the water and we're okay so they went out fly fishing and they're having a great time
They caught many fish.

The original of that photograph was the French girl, Annette, who saved his life."
Annette saved his like with CPR.

But some research points to  A study published earlier this year in the American Journal of Industrial Medicine found that migrant farm workers in California, most of them Hispanic, have a 59 percent higher risk of developing leukemia than other Hispanics in the state.
We think working on a farm causes leukemia.

An additional dollar of government saving and debt reduction does not automatically increase national saving and investment by a dollar because changes in saving by households and businesses will tend to offset some of the change in government saving.
Spending on savings and debt must reduced by 10% for their to be an increase in national saving and investment. 

Hence the Federation members decided that the decision about the inoculation would belong to each participant individually, and each participant individually would be responsible for all resulting complications.
Each participant would be responsible for the business complications they caused.

The organizations identified several critical success factors that they viewed as essential to establishing, developing, and maintaining effective information-sharing relationships, which could benefit critical infrastructure protection efforts.
There are over fifty organizations which have identified success factors.

i think i would be troubled i suspect i believe that any of our states and i i constitutionally i don't think there are any prescriptions about against that decision even if uh Louisiana chose to go with Creole or something um i don't think there is any prohibitions i would be bothered by that i'm i'm bothered by any tendency to resist what i think was one of America's strengths and that's the the the melting pot uh i i
I think I would be very mentally troubled.

That is, no one would be able to react to new information.
The information received would arrive too late.

The chart below, extracted from the analysis, shows that, with the exception of the first year, EPA believes that the cost of the benefits associated with the implementation of the rule's requirements greatly exceed the costs of implementation of the rule.
The costs are not easily justified.

Aix-les-Bains
The word is of Latin origin.

Finally, boards have a clear responsibility to hold management accountable for results.
Management needs to be held accountable for results because all problems are the fault of management.

And that part about erotic confessionals was too funny to be real!
He told a joke about a nun writing erotic confessionals.

I admit it; right now, I'll admit anything you want me to, because you know what's going on and I don't.
I know you're keeping me in the dark on purpose, so I might as well lie to you.

Red said, "All right for you." But the thought of the consequences inspired him anyway, and he reached for the cage door.
He was worried what would happen if they got caught.

i'll go ahead and and charge it knowing that the money will be there
Money will be in my bank account, so I'll charge my debit card.

from front-line employees and managers, and a variety of implementation issues, such as workload demands.
This can be mitigated by carefully examining (and eliminating) current responsibilities.

Following Khephren'sdeaththe body oftheSphinxwaslost under the desert sands that sweptthe areaandTutmosis
The curse of Ra brought great winds to the area that buried the hallowed icons of the non-believers.

Exactly. I looked up at him sharply. 
I was angry at him. 

Dunkan gave him his attention.
Dunkan was scared so he gave him his attention.

When not possible, adjustments must be made as soon after discovery as practical.
Changes may be made at the discoverer's convenience.

Newsweek answers its own cover line with an optimistic yes.
Newsweek agrees with its cover line just like most of the public.

The principle building open to the public at Engakuji is the butsunichi-an ceremonial hall, where visitors can take part in a tea ceremony.
There are three buildings at Engakuji that are open to the public.

Initially, I felt guilty about drugging rats and then killing them for the necessary dissection.
I also drug, kill, and dissect other animals.

If he wants to make that valid, he wouldn't dare any such deal!" 
That deal is so outlandish that it would cancel out all other deals that have been made. 

Please ask Jonah Goldberg (Linda  Victimized or Vicious) to explain why he thinks, if all Tripp wanted to do was to protect her good name, she continued to tape Lewinsky long after she would have had enough evidence for this purpose.
Goldberg thought Tripp was being vindictive.

Companies that could pay their foreign debts when a dollar cost 900 won could not pay when a dollar cost 1,400 won.
Companies cannot pay their foreign debts because of inflation of the dollar to the won and because they are lazy.

For example, it is assumed that the ratio of rural carrier in-office cost to total rural carrier cost is the same as the ratio of city carrier in-office cost to total city carrier cost.
The cost ratio is not the same between rural areas and the city. 

A West Tennessee nonprofit organization will use a $300,000 federal grant to hire an attorney and a Spanish-speaking paralegal to help provide legal assistance to domestic violence victims.
Spanish-speaking individuals face few options for paralegal help.

Ein Kerem is thought to be the birthplace of John the Baptist and the site where Mary visited her cousin Elizabeth.
John the Baptist knew Mary's cousin Elizabeth and went to school with her.

Impossible, argued Albright and  He will not stop until he is forced to do so.
Albright argued that it is impossible, said the CNN.

The 18th century was not a good time for the native Irish, but the Protestant Ascendancy flourished.
The Protestant Ascendancy was embraced by many during the 18th century.

As you crosethe bridge, stop in the middle to immerse yourself in the sights and sounds of the people, the blazing neon, and the Dotomburi River below you.
Under the bridge are many Koi fish that swim in the river.

oh easily i'm sure
I can handle this.

As the plucky challenger, Bradley can campaign both to the left and right of Gore, picking up support from anti-Gore, pro-labor activists on one day and boosting his pro-business, pro-free-trade agenda to Wall Streeters a few days later.
Anti-Gore people will vote for Bradley because he's handsome.

If he does, both of you'll go." 
If he starts driving fast, both of you will go home right now."

uh-huh well Houston's playing really well lately
Houston has been playing well lately since the team got a new coach

let me think who um i like Hebert um oh you don't know Hebert Laws but Hebert Laws is a flute player he's a jazz flute player and i like um uh Chuck Mangione do you know who Chuck Mangione is yeah i like Chuck Mangione i'm trying to think of all um
I like Herbert Laws a lot, since he plays music that I love to listen to.

you mean gas  yeah and now i don't know about down there but up here they got the pumps you just put your because i always put my gas on a credit card and i pay it at the end of the month
You can pay for gas over here using your credit card.

Other analyses agreed that Kasich was intimidated by Bush's haul of money and endorsements, and wondered who might drop out next.
One candidate was intimidated by another's financial acquirements and decided to drop out of the race.

number of innovative practices were noted that may have broader implications.
Innovation is very important in any industry in this age.

Golf and tennis are also available in Orange County as well as in the desert communities in and around Palm Springs.
Orange County is a serious destination for tennis fanatics.

This time, they were looking for a candidate who knew how to speak the language of love.
The language of love is a way of calling someone romantic or charismatic.

Why?" Poirot shrugged his shoulders. 
Poirot had been very quiet and secretive as of late.

are you still there this is something's wrong i don't know it sounds funny though doesn't it
Are you still there because it sounds different than it ever has before.

Also north of Kyoto is the rural enclave of Ohara, home to the magnificent temple complex of Sanzen'in.
Kyoto is in the modern country of Japan.

yeah uh it's tempting it's got to be it's got be horribly tempting for those for those
I have been tempted in the past.

Near the lively Pont-Neuf, the place was built in 1607 by Henri IV in honor of his son the dauphin (or future king, Louis XIII).
The Pont-Neuf was built in 1607by Henry VI.

She was visiting the White House in search of a job when he allegedly pawed her.
She was groped by the President.

yeah so that's a tough conference
The Big Ten is a tough conference.

oh no i don't i haven't seen anything in here that TI makes the Mister Coffee the double Mister Coffee you know the two oh and there's a phone in here that's hilarious it has a button you can push if you get a call you don't like then it makes machine gun noise i've never seen that before
There is a phone that has a button you can push that makes a machine gun noise and the sound of a person dying. 

uh you get a bigger pool of all the different regions of and and
You'll get a bigger pool from different regions and they will be very diverse.  

The Hurghada Adventures Club offers professional and multilingual fully insured quad safaris; contact them at Friendship Village, Tel. 010 156 7571; web site &lt;www.geocities.com/hurghada_adventures&gt;.
The quad safaris will take customers through a swampy land with alligators on display.

so and i think she was in some of the shows for a while as extra and stuff so
She was in shows in 2002.

The fact that they are succeeding tells us something about the magnetic appeal of racial fundamentalism.
They are doing well and that tells us how appealing racial fundamentalism is to those who have racists thoughts.

they've got good individual players but some are getting old Robert Parish is thirty seven years old
They have good players, but those who are over 35, like Rober Parish, should retire.

i don't know it just it it just depended on what type it was i guess but you can buy uh the crawfish tails already peeled and everything and usually you use those like for frying or to put in salads or to um
You can buy the crawfish already peeled and throw them in a salad with a lot of seasoning. 

This required the product design to include many new and unproven technologies, designs, and manufacturing processes.
The product design was quite advanced for the time.

yeah especially like uh have you have you seen that movie uh Dances with Wolves
What movies have you seen?

Another important user of the auditors' report is the entity being audited, which is responsible for acting on the auditors' recommendations.
The entity being audited is a user of the auditor's report, using it to help direct change in their organization.

I had left the estate of my family.
I left my family's mansion and left for the city.

He said that changes in emergency medicine practice will require publication of studies in journals that reach emergency medicine practitioners.
The journals will allow more people to read the studies.

They contend that the so-called Venona intercepts, a few of which have been released, show definitively not only that Alger Hiss and the Rosenbergs were spies but also that there was far more Soviet string-pulling behind American Communism than anyone ever knew.
Alger Hiss and the Rosenbergs knew each other for many years.

Or does life, in general, figure out the trick of using oxygen and growing big and brawny?
The use of oxygen and growing big and brawny are just some of the qualities of the human body.

And once you're on a case, you stay on unless you can get the court's permission to withdraw.
A court will only let you withdraw if there is a conflict of interest.

yeah yeah i like uh what is it on Tuesday oh i think Coach is kind of funny on Tuesday night
I watch Coach every Tuesday night.

But a subsequent Gerth article (also not nominated for the Pulitzer) revealed that Clinton immediately notified Congress of his February decision.
A Gerth article said Clinton told Congress immediately that he planned on resigning.

that's um well it's sort of difficult to explain it's it's industrial engineering and you look at applications and things from the human from the human factor standpoint how does it interface with the person using it
I am working to understand how currently popular technology in smart homes and the internet of things affects people emotionally.

The ornate, picturesque temple dates from the Ming Dynasty (1368 1644) and is the oldest building in Macau.
The temple is rumored to have been visited by the Chinese emperor himself.

and there were some really nice places up in the Black Hills to go camping
The Black Hills is a very popular spot amongst those who enjoy camping. 

The Origin of Specious
Where all the lies started.

and uh she had her litter i guess her last litter had like four and two of them survived and then she didn't make it
The mother didn't survive - which to my knowledge, it was her final one of four puppies.

In Fukui's far north, Awara Onsen has become one of Japan's most popular hot-spring resort towns since the emperor made it a hot spot for an imperial soak.
Hot springs are a huge attraction across Japan. 

with some topsoil
Put some topsoil on it to nourish the plants.

(NBC promotes the show here.)
You can view the show here.

Locals have been lining up for tickets.
The locals wanted tickets the most. 

'Uh oh.' I tapped White on the shoulder.
I let White know I was here with a tap on the shoulder.

The paper says Clinton denied sexually harassing Jones or anyone else.
Clinton didn't sexually harass Jones or anyone else.

Lowenstein SR, Weissberg MP, Terry D. Alcohol intoxication, injuries, and dangerous behaviors-and the revolving emergency department door.
Alcohol is one of the main causes toward injuries.

Maybe he sets up th' war shield an' does th' shoutin' back thar in front o' all them soldier boys.
There were soldier boys and they were all young men.

and i was oh i was ever so impressed with the campus in fact it was a two day trip and between appointments i got a chance to walk around and see it
There's a lot of cool architecture there.

I suspect this is just the sort of question the technique of electing presidents was designed to answer.
I think presidents have to answer that kind of question about the economy.

These companies employed below-average numbers of women and minorities for 10 years and their hiring of women or minorities was so far below the averages that there was only one chance in a hundred that the discrimination occurred randomly.
It is quite obvious that Dell's hiring process is discriminatory against women and minorities. 

uh that helps the rationale any but it's still angering to see the abuses uh even though they're uh a relatively small percentage they still they sound humongous when they're you know you hear millions and sometimes billions of dollars spent and and even some of the arguments over the national endowment for the arts and what's happening in that area it's still a pretty small chunk considering what actually flows through that government so but those are the things that get us going or get us stirred up sometimes people
It makes me mad to see how much money the government wastes.

It swelled bit by bit, raging as it drew nearer.
It was closed in until everyone could feel its heat.

You have raced him, senor ?"he asked Drew with formal courtesy.
Drew replied that he had never raced him. 

This 4 percent increase in demand over a nearly 20-year period can easily be met.
Demand for hand painted rocking horses has been in decline for decades.

If you do decide to go in summer, start early in the day.
It gets hot in summer, so go early in the morning to take advantage of the cooler air.

The model is capable of analyzing the effects of changes in policies that affect commodity crop yields or production costs.
Changes in crop costs have a dramatic cost across all parts of society. 

About 3,000 years ago, Mojacar was an important Phoenician port, but earthquakes and major geological upheavals have left it high and dry.
Mojacar experiences earthquakes and this caused people to leave the area.

We also must carefully examine the composition of the SES.
The SES is made up of many different groups.

With respect to paragraph 603(b)(5), the analysis does not identify any relevant federal rules that may duplicate, overlap, or conflict with the proposed rule.
None of the rules will conflict.

Actually the story was close enough to the truth.
The story was close to the truth by accident.

I--I heal quickly. It was no more than the truth.
It doesn't take me a week to heal.

and they have initiated a newspaper recycling whereby they pick it up from your alley uh one day a week and all you have to do is bundle it
They have collected tons of newspapers since they started this project.

oh i'm sorry go ahead
Sorry I interrupted, go ahead.

Red and yellow flames.
There was a hot fire.

So we traveled to Fena Kef but they found us there too.
We traveled to Fena Kef but they had an easy time finding us there too.

Of course, this simplified example focuses on one household and one type of IRA.
The simplified example focuses a type of government run program.

Consider the transformation of ditch-digging from a relatively slow and somewhat imprecise process involving several ordinary shovels, much labor effort, and low skill levels to a faster and more precise process often involving a single power digger controlled by a skilled operator.
The development of computers also facilitated this transfer from human to machine labor.

Let's go round to the scene of the crime.
The crime scene is far away from our house.

Barry surmised that grant proposals to look at more than one health behavior at a time had already been submitted, but she did not know if they had been funded.
They needed funding to do further research. 

I merely obtained them for comparison. 
I only acquired them to make a comparison.

wow so what do you do
So you're a lawyer, I see.

Conversely, if you're staying in town, you'll have to travel to find a desirable beach.
The beaches are far from town.

Sure, it drags a bit without the volatile repartee of the earlier albums.
It isn't as good as the earlier albums.

They left that night agreeing to meet the following day to seek others who might aid them.
They next day they would seek other who might aid them in battle.

For example, internal controls over expenditure data met the control objectives for aggregating and reporting this information on the financial statements; however, they did not meet the objectives for calculating perunitcost efficiency measures required for performance management.
They did not meet the criteria for calculating how efficient the plant is per unitcost.

By law, it must matter to the Commission!
The Commission should consider this because it's fundamental.

Thus, a study of how a group is organized economically might begin with
The average income is what studies about group economics begin with.

well that's true and and it's sad because now they they're so used to people they're going into the towns and raiding garbage cans and stuff and that presents a threat to the people living there and now they're having to shoot them
They are just trying to stay alive.

Newsweek 's coverage says the Web beats the  It's easier to find what you want, it's often cheaper, and you don't need to find parking.
This is because you'd need to go to big fancy book learning libraries.

for uh uh uh smoking and all that stuff
To make the smoke for smoking.

CAGE is a mnemonic from four questions, Cut down, Annoyed, Guilty, and Eye opener.
Part of CAGE is "cut down", meaning to insult.

In fact, you may not even need to pack any clothes for your trip.
You may not need any regular clothes but you will need a swimming suit.

Ancient Greek designs are very much in evidence in gold, silver, and non-precious metals.
The Ancient Greek designs are mainly on pottery and buildings.

Also, check out this illustrated, in-depth exploration of Beck's fashion choices.)
Beck's fashion choices are unconventional.

But foreign investment takes place in a realm, even today, where the rules that govern U.S. markets do not always apply.
But foreign investment takes place in a realm, even today, where the rules that govern U.S. markets do not always apply and where risks are far greater.

oh yeah i've read that one too
It was a good read.

I exclaimed.
I cried out in joy at the great news.

He found Albert discharging his professional duties, and introduced himself without more ado as a friend of Tuppence's.
Albert wasn't doing his job so he was going to get fired.

It was Father's Day, 1980, and Subia got the call all parents dread.
Subia got some bad news about their daughter in 1980.

Such assumptions tend to moderate the effect of changes in national saving in our simulations.
There is no moderation of changes in national saving. 

and uh there's a lot of problems with that
The issues are increasing by the day.

If my dog is reading this, he'd better run now.
If my dog can read this call for assistance, he'd better run for help now.

Adrin listened intently.
Adrin wanted to learn and listened carefully.

In 1931, general elections brought the Republicans to power, and King Alfonso XIII escaped in exile.
The Republicans and King Alfonso XIII had different political views.

The cat itself, on a small panel above the entrance, is said to have been sculpted by Hidari Jingoro, a legendary master carver of the Tokugawa period.
The cat was actually carved by a different person.

For example, even in the range of 3 percent to 4 percent coal
3% coal 

Yet perhaps it was no more impossible than all the rest of the things in this impossible world.
He saw a ray of hope, lifting his spirits about such a difficult task.

But it remains exceedingly hard to watch, not so much because of the repulsiveness of De Niro's Jake La Motta as because of its overall sense of aesthetic claustrophobia.
De Niro won an Oscar for this role.

it it it it you know it has pieces that are uplifting but it uh it's mostly relaxing and you don't uh because it doesn't have words you know you don't feel like there's anything you have to remember you know as far as singing a song or something like that or interpreting what they mean or but uh
It has components that makes it relaxing because it doesn't take a lot of time.

National Saving and Investment?
Has national saving and investing increased? 

The views from the summit of Arthur's Seat nobody is quite sure which Arthur gave his name to the hill offer wonderful views of the city and across the Firth of Forth to the north.
The hill has views of the streets that lead to the ocean.

This chapter identifies the AICPA's general standard on criteria, 3 field work standards, and reporting standards and prescribes additional field work and reporting standards, as well as guidance, for attestation engagements performed in accordance with GAGAS.
This chapter also deals with AICPA's standard on accounting.  

The rumble of the horses rode into the darkness of night.
The horses rode into the dark night to escape from battle.

those that work for the the higher executives those secretaries they uh they really dress up all the time so there's a good combination in the hallways all the time you know
You can tell if they're higher up by the way they dress.

The climb is worth making, if only for the view, the trees, and a cool, rushing stream.
Most of the trees are sakura trees.

Almost overwhelmed by this swirl of activity, the Annapurna Temple in the right-hand corner gleams with burnished brass.
The Annapurna Temple, with its gleaming burnished brass, is an amazing sight to see.

Belgacom charges 5 cents per minute for connections to any Internet service provider, making the connection more expensive than the provider's service.
Belagcom charges a lot for internet connection.

Bridge House in Ambleside is one of the most popular sites and perhaps one of the most photographed buildings in the Lake District.
Bridge House gets 10,000 visitors a month.

Originally constructed in the 15th century, but rebuilt after an earthquake in 1748 and expanded in the 19th century, this is Funchal's finest quinta (estate villa) open to the public.
Funchal's finest estate villa is by far the most popular attraction in the city for tourists.

i know it's kind of funny
I couldn't believe my eyes the first time I saw it.

We concluded that this amount more than met the reasonableness standard of the law.
At times, the amount determined to be reasonable by legal standards may be exceeded.

uh-huh uh-huh yeah well have you camped all over the United States
Have you ever camped in Canada?

The opportunities that the island had to offer were never really exploited by the Spanish.
The island had some opportunities that the Spanish missed.

Before purchasing, visitors should make sure of compatibility with systems in their own countries.
There are compatibility issues between Hong Kong purchases and the international systems.

Not all the candidates are closing the door on more general privacy protection legislation in the future.
Half of the candidates closed the door on the legislation.

I was aware of your meeting- Ben Franklin and Abraham Lincoln walk into a bar, somebody notices.
Ben Franklin bought someone a drink.

I told him I felt this fairly strongly.
I told him I felt strongly about who he chose to lead us.

some of those countries were so safe it was unreal Singapore is very supposed to be very safe and in fact Tokyo and i thought Tokyo would be dangerous being such a huge large city with so many people
Singapore and Tokyo are the safest places to be in all of Asia.

As shown in figure 3, the effects of not following a knowledge-based process can be debilitating.
If can ruin your organization if you don't follow a knowledge-based process.

i don't think i can come to a complete conclusion on how i feel about the Vietnam War because i'm going to interpret that through the Bible and i've kind of always i have been a Christian five years and i've kind of avoided that t hat those the war things and how God approaches that because i think its just now coming up to where i really feel like i need to come you know need to decide what i feel
I have avoided coming to a conclusion about the Vietnam War.

But I'll ask Boris.
I'll ask Boris today. 

2One source of information on best practices of leading companies is the 1999 Report and Recommendations of the Blue Ribbon Committee on Improving the Effectiveness of Corporate Audit Committees.
The 1999 Report and Recommendations of the Blue Ribbon Committee is a source of other types of information.

Normans conquer south; First Crusade
The Normans fought a long war to take the south.

Now, he happily collaborates with director/choreographer Mark Morris and lyricist/Nobel Prize-winning poet Derek Walcott.
He is writing a poem.

The two bays, Navy Island, and the Hill can all easily be seen.
Navy Island is the more popular attraction over the Hill.

The conventional understanding at the time was that it was Morris' liberal enemies--George Stephanopoulos, Harold Ickes, and Leon Panetta--who were arguing in favor of fiercely resisting Republican cuts in social spending, while Morris was telling Clinton to distance himself from the intransigent congressional Democrats.
Morris had enemies in the Clinton White House.

go back that's exactly right
Go back the way you came.

right yeah it's especially delightful moving from an apartment to a house so that you you can have a little piece of turf you can call your own
I have a little garden and some lawn in my house's front yard.

Its principal treasure, though of contested provenance, is Leonardo da Vinci's luminous Portrait of a Musician (1485), unfinished but at the same time the best preserved of the master's few surviving works.
Portrait of a Musician is one of the most famous works of Leonardo da Vinci.

Disagreement was so bad in the 19th century that the Ottoman sultan ruling Jerusalem had to step in and adjudicate Christian disputes.
The sultan did not normally interfere in the disputes.

I intend to resume the habit as a delight of old age
Being old has some few nice quirks to it.

Clearly Whittington was making the journey alone, while the other remained in London.
Whittington thought of the other while on the trip.

is it just instrumental
The music features brass, woodwinds and percussion instruments. 

(Surprisingly comfortable.)
No one expected it to be so comfortable, but they are enjoying it.

except that mine are a little bit older and and i've shown them the numbers and said this is what's going to be available all this is going to do is give you a little spending money while you're there you better make sure that you've got a scholarship
I advised them to make sure to get a scholarship, because it's a really big help these days.

but it takes away employment from the resource that its using
Some of these jobs can be shifted to other processes.

okay two of our children live there uh one i like i said lives near Maryland in in around Maryland DC he works right on the border of DC
Our son works on the border of DC because it's convenient.

Hard-drinking locals down poncha (sugar-cane brandy, lemon juice, and honey) in shadowy bars, while grizzled old fishermen play cards or repair their boats, awaiting their next trip.
The hard-drinking locals can drink tourists under the table.

Poet Craig Raine argued that Lorenz Hart was a better lyricist than Dylan.
Craig Raine and Lorenz Hart were very close friends. 

Although currently limited to this one rule, the program manager said that AMS plans to use these electronic rulemaking features in other potentially controversial rulemakings.
They plan on using these electronic rulemaking features in the next year.

People put me up on a pedestal that I don't belong in my personal life.
I am proud of my behavior in my professional life and hope people recognize it.

So don't be depressed if you don't have time to see everything!
You'll be able to come see everything next time.

Personal Communication with J. Urbas, Reliant Energy, August 13, 2001.
The communication brought J. Urbas closer to his friends and family.

She was about to run out of means to pay back those loans when she took a job at the Inner City Law Center in Los Angeles, a firm that fights slum landlords.
The firm is the largest of its kind in the LA area.

The excursions to be made today into the Lazio hinterland around Rome are those that ancient Romans themselves made to vacation homes by the sea or nearby lakes.
Romans preferred to live in the Lazio hinterland, much like many today.

Behind her, the dull clod picked up the sample of sky and fell to his face on the rug.
The fragment of the sky had caused him to faint.

The first bad  On July 10, Hong Kong's new Chinese-run government said textbooks must remain neutral in their descriptions of the Tiananmen Square massacre.
The Chinese-run government wanted to downplay the government's hand in causing the massacre.

The preeminent islands of this era were Delos, a sacred island and center of religion ruled by Athens; Samos, ruled by the tyrant Polycrates; and Naxos, whose ruler Lygdamis undertook some major building projects.
The islands of Delos, Samos, and Naxos soon split from Greece.

Every spring the Madeira Island Open, part of the P.G.A.
Next spring the Madeira Island Open, part of the P.G.A.

If applicants want to go that route, she recommended they get help from someone well-versed in business.
Applicants all got advice from someone well-versed in business.

capacity of the system to meet the civil legal needs of low-income people throughout the state without altering service areas or historical relationships.
Extra legal aid funding is needed so that low-income people can have proper representation in court.

and i think that people know that they're going to get a slap on the wrist they might serve a little bit of time and that they'll be out on the street again
People that do drugs should not get a heavy sentence.  

Typical of his genius was the new religion he offered his  the Divine Faith (Din-Ilahi), intended to satisfy orthodox Muslims and those who, just like himself and the Hindus, appreciated the idea of a semi-divine ruler.
The new religion demanded obedience amongst his subjects.

The building has been beautifully restored, and the food is good.
The building was restored in 2007.

In the United States, the difference between GDP and GNP is small.
The difference between in the GDP and GNP of the United States only has to do with the definition. 

My name is Gabriel.
I am a young man.

I could see by the expression on his face that he himself had little hope. 
He tried his best. 

Maybe I'll tell you and maybe I won't.
I will decide if I'm going to tell you later.

no where as far as wind breaks go and and we had secured tents real well even if we had done it in the dark at eleven o'clock at night
We were so tired after securing the tents.

well of course there's this other one that i've i've talked to fairly regularly in Dallas um same thing her husband signed up for it and she's the one that does it
I talk to her on the phone about what she does.

Others attack his pretensions to being a Sensitive New Age Guy, and they damn him with the faint praise that he makes good late-night mood music.
They struck him so hard he needed to go to the hospital.

The two were finely balanced.
The two were similar to one another.

From hospital experience she knew only too well that a nurse out of uniform is frequently unrecognized by her patients.
From working at a hospital she knew only too well.

Unlike the Portuguese, the Dutch decided to do business with the Malays of Johor, who controlled the southern half of the peninsula together with Singapore and the neighboring Riau islands.
The Malays of Johor had previously angered the Portuguese.

It draws sidelong glances and playground taunts, and it may give the adopted child an identity crisis.
Dressing the kid weirdly makes him suffer.

well yes well i know i was in Atlanta and you could walk out the bar with your drink in your hand but here let me put that in a paper cup for you  so that was strange but
It is illegal to walk in the street with a drink in hand here.

Parisians like it most for the flower market at its base and the grand view from the top of the steps down the Rue Royale to the Place de la Concorde.
The Parisians like the flower market due to the fact it is so cheap.

in expenditures by state, local, and tribal governments, in the aggregate, or to the private sector, of $100 million or more in any one year.
The private sector will reap the benefits of this expenditure.

This cooperative spirit guaranteed him access to Singapore as a market for Johor's agricultural products.
By recognizing the essential human spirit and embracing it, he was able to realize his own aims.

It took 19 years to bring Napoleon's remains back to France, compared to 30 years for Che.
Che's remains were finally returned.

Reporting of the amount of significant state and local total contributions to shared or joint programs is encouraged but is not required.
The programs are able to perform better with the contribution amounts shared.

What do you mean by you 'suppose'? 
Please explain what you mean by you 'suppose'.

yeah couldn't even use it
It was entirely broken. 

A very popular day-trip from Guangzhou goes to Foshan, a city of nearly 300,000 people, renowned for its handicrafts for more than a thousand years.
The most popular day trip to take from Guangzhou is to Foshan.

Try to visit the cathedral's horloge astro?­no?­mique on the hour to see the figures emerge from the clock.
The clock atop the cathedral is sophisticated and often breaks down.

The preamble to the final rule states that the rule is not subject to review under Executive Orders 12630 (Property rights) and 12612 (Federalism).
The preamble to the final rule is open to revision.

For readers with an interest in further information, but limited time, a few key references are starred (*).
Over twenty key references are starred for the reader. 

West of the shrine, surrounded by an iron railing, are the stump and fragments of Ashoka's Pillar, which was once over 15 m (48 ft) high.
The iron railing around the fragments prevents them from being further damaged.

Jon watched him run to the men and the berserk horse.
He was being chased as he ran to the men. 

Unforgettable memories, I'd say.'
The memories are from long ago

That couldn't be good.
This had happened before.

I've seen better.
There is better.

and uh i mean just this this little town here is basically a college town
More students live here than residents.

um-hum um-hum yes oh i do too yes
Yes, I also do agree, for just this matter.

Current federal CIOs are learning how to carry out their responsibilities in the federal environment with all of the incumbent expectations and constraints.
The federal environment contains federal agents.

we'll go ahead and call you another day maybe
Don't expect a call tomorrow because we're closed.

The postgame hype revolves around whether Elway will attempt a threepeat next year or will retire on top as Michael Jordan did.
Elway's competition with Jordan is a scene many are watching. 

Despite the roar of the traffic on the voies express, you can take delightful walks along the banks and rest quietly on benches beneath poplar and plane trees.
People like to stroll along the river when it's sunny because the water glistenes.

So this was Tubacca!
After weeks of traveling, they'd arrived at Tubacca!

Even here the Waters are really little more than a large stream, but they flow into the Firth of Forth and beyond into the North Sea.
The water here flows to fast since it flows into the North Sea.

The FDA performed a cost-benefit analysis of the final rule.
The FDA had some interesting findings after their cost-benefit analysis of the final rule.

He was to have conducted the Lithuanian Symphony Orchestra in the Red Fort as part of the country's 50 th -anniversary celebrations, but the organizers announced this week that the concert was being canceled for unforeseen reasons, while privately hinting that this was because Menuhin was unwell.
Menuhin was really sick but didn't want that information made public.

National- and American-league baseball teams played regular-season games against each other for the first time in the sport's 120-year history.
Baseball is a popular sport in America.

 Maybe to David Arnold Hanson, the famed engineer, no task was impossible.
Maybe David Arnold Hanson could do difficult tasks that other engineers couldn't.

The sky was falling?
Why is the sky falling?

Beyond the election, the parallels may break down.
The country is divided. 

Now comes the third case, in which a girl gave birth in her parents' garage and left the baby there.
The girl did not go to the hospital because she was uninsured.  

and i i've been down to the south of England where supposedly King Arthur's castle was
I went in King Arthur's castle last year.

Use of Program Oversight
The program is used by clients.

1999: Turnout for Apocalypse Lighter Than Expected
The Apocalypse turnout was record breaking

But the true Trasteverini hang on, mainly in the area immediately around Santa Maria in Trastevere, reputedly the oldest church in the city.
The Santa Maria in Trastevere is the second oldest church in Italy.

On 1 May 1707 England and Scotland were formally joined together by the  Act of Union  establishing the Union of Parliaments and the United Kingdom was born.
England and Scotland were united on the first of May 1707 at 3 o'clock in the afternoon. 

But that won't stop me from trying.
I will not be stopped from trying, despite the attempt the world seems to make to stop me.

that's right uh-huh well you know it's just like you say there's so much stuff that needs to be done here in this country and uh you know if if you could have a thought of something like uh like a uh uh a Peace Corps sort of organization i mean this would be so useful just in uh for instance just helping old folks
There's a lot of stuff we need to do in this country, like feed veterans and make child care affordable.

That would be credibility worth fighting for.
It took him decades to build his credibility.

She was quite beyond words.
She was at a loss as to what to say.

well i've held a summer job since i you know i was in the eleventh grade
I've held a summer job since I was in eleventh grade back in 2013

yeah but it's hard to make it being a rancher or farmer
It's hard to make a living as a rancher or farmer but it is getting better.

that's pretty unusual because we i've generally found that rabbits have been very uh very good parents
I have owned a couple of rabbits before.

To visit the site, just a few kilometres (a couple of miles) from town, take the C-3313 road, but prepare yourself for a hard 30-minute scramble up the Serreta.
The site is 3.5 km from the town.

The final rule requires the collection of information which is subject to review by the Office of Management and Budget (OMB) under the Paperwork Reduction Act.
This review by the OMB is complete and thou thorough.  

In fact, it may well be that News Corp., which is building a national competitor to ESPN by stringing together a series of local sports networks, is more likely to work for the best interests of the game as a whole.
News Corp is looking to up their ratings by purchasing different local sports networks around the country.

The cab stopped.
The cab stopped outside my apartment.

uh was what we got i also bought season tickets to the Dallas Texans football team which is now the Kansas City Chiefs
My seats were on the 20-yard line. 

you uh you uh take care of yourself and if you're ever up this way to TI in Attleboro look me up my name's Ray Smith and i work in building twelve
I would enjoy having you stop by for a visit.

First, we identify the sectors or flows of First-Class Mail and evaluate their volume growth.
The evaluations prove there is more First-Class Mail than ever before.

This summer's World Cup will distract fans and remove the league's best players for two months in the middle of the season.
The fans are easy to manipulate so they will be easy to distract.

He exaggerated and lied, but he was there --he befriended weirdos and freaks, made common cause with the dregs of society, stirred trouble, listened.
He attended the festival and became friends with the weirdest people there. 

it seems like the success ratio the success rate here is not as good as on some of the better lakes there but it is fun you know it
It seems like the success rate isn't very good but it's close and convenient so we still go.

A lot of times I worked Sunday to Sunday, Villatoro said. 
Villatoro was not happy about working on a Sunday.

However, there may still be significant demand for boilermakers after 2010 from other power plant construction programs.
There could be demand of at least 100,000 more boilermakers after 2010.

You haven't got them? Julius punctuated the words with little pauses.
Julius spoke with pauses for emphasis.

Letters will always be forwarded." Tuppence stared at him blankly.
Tuppence was keen to receive her errant letters.

Last Monday night.
Sometime last Monday.

The lean, gray-haired man who had ushered them into the stable stood eyeing the mare's distended sides.
The man who ushered them into the stable was 70 years old.

Happiness Happi appeared on store shelves accompanied by the largest in history advertising campaign starring numerous Polish and foreign celebrities.
Happiness Happi is some stores best seller.

One much-discussed cybertrend is especially relevant  the scenario in which various data brokers offer a Daily Me, a batch of articles tailored to your tastes, cheaply gleaned from all over the Web.
This is a new cybertrend.

What about the colonies? she suggested.
She suggested the colonies, thinking it would be a good idea.

Then I went back to the road.
The road was pretty far away because I had to travel on foot.

The Risorgimento, the  resurrection  of national identity, took two conflicting paths.
The two paths had very different ways.

Meanwhile, fresh blood came in with the migration into the southern interior of hardy Minangkabau farmers from Sumatra, while tough Bugis warriors from the east Indonesian Celebes (Sulawesi) roved the length and breadth of the peninsula.
Migrants to the area came for improved farming and trading opportunities.

Which fencing instructor taught you that?The Voth did," said Jon.
Jon said The Voth had taught him everything he knew.

What a rotten world it is, though!"
It seems to be a rotten world.

Also in Le the Amazona Zoological Garden, with alligator-like caimans, snakes, armadillos, and other delights.
The zoological gareden had 400 animals on display.

Wakakusa, with which it has been closely associated for 1,100 years.
They have been trading amongst themselves for centuries.

They apparently felt that the diagrams he was drawing were some kind of scientific spell.
He drew diagrams about science to give them a feeling of magic.

What's happened?Ca'daan considered the question.
Ca'daan was wondering why everything was destroyed.

right from the the oldies but the goodies it's probably pretty close to what i have because i have the same kind of thing at work i have a three eighty six S X which is TI computer but everything in is in IBM mode so
it is probably a similar model to the one i have

EPA did, however, prepare a regulatory impact analysis which it furnished to this Office.
The EPA's analysis showed that there would be a very small impact from regulation.

Dobson's partner Gary Bauer took to the Sunday talking-head circuit, bad-mouthing Reed for backpedaling on abortion.
Reed is a hypocrite. 

How did we lose our rich tradition of porcine references?
The speaker approves of pig references.

Surely not.
There are other factors to consider.

You'll also see the vaulted remains of large arcaded asenali (ship repair yards) that serviced the Venetian fleet.
The Venetian ship repair yards date back to the 1100s.

The New York Times ' Ben Ratliff marks the appearance of what he calls Nelson's first trip-hop song.
Ben Ratliff loved Nelson's first trip-hop song, giving it a rave New York Times review.

We need to ensure that the third branch [the judiciary] of the government is working for everyone.
The two other branches of the government work perfectly for everyone.

Note, however, that the exchange does not go the other way .
It wasn't a fair trade to begin with.

personal computers are are nice i guess if you can afford them the the problem if you happen to use one at work is you tend to get spoiled with the uh maybe a higher grade one maybe the the economics and the payback of having one at a business is a little bit better than having one at home and i've read a few articles that uh where people have nice uh three eighty six machines and nice graphics and the nice software packages and then when they come home they they just can't stand to come down to the X T level and and don't like the the slowness or the in some cases not even having a hard drive and that's pretty much where i fall into i use a a relatively nice array of machines at work for scientific purposes and i have a variety of of uh speeds and complexity of machines depending upon the instrument that it's controlling and then i have one that i do just general purpose work on and then for the house i don't have anything uh not that i wouldn't want one but i would probably not be satisfied with anything less than a really nice one and that's that's a quite an expense and then all the software tends to be uh
PCs are too expensive for regular people to be able to afford.

At its worst, it's become a new refuge for the untalented musician, a fact that Ryan Adams from the band Whiskeytown owns up to in the song Faithless Street: I had started this damn country band/ 'cause punk rock was too hard to sing.
Punk rock was Ryan Adams second choice after trying out hip-hop for a year.

they spent an awful lot of money on him too a million and a half dollars for a one year contract
They extended the contract to three years.

This is Calton Hill, built around 100 m (328 ft) of hard volcanic rock, and its monuments and architecture are said to have been responsible for Edinburgh's epithet Athens of the North. 
Edinburgh also goes by many other epithets, named for the weather, the seasons, and the food.

Critics marvel at his knack for arriving at murder scenes before the police.
He has a hunch as to where crime takes place.

Antiques, including Chinese jade, ceramics, bronzes, gowns, incense burners, and perfume bottles; Thai ceramics and bronzes; Indian brass; Indonesian wooden masks and carvings.
Antiques, including magical pendants, rugs, talking stone sculptures, ceramics, flowing gowns, and cursed carvings. 

The enviros watch them with mixed pleasure and concern.
The enviros are not happy with them so they watch them.

well i i've seen the bad side in most of them
I told them that they are good people.

But they're also in for some bad news.
The bad news for them is coming within the hour.

In short, an examination of the language of the presence requirement and the statutory context in which it arises raises a number of interpretive problems and fails to resolve the question of when an alien must be present in the United States in order to be entitled to legal services representation.
An examination of the language of the presence requirement didn't solve the question of if the alien has to be present in the US to get legal representation, so the man did not get help until the Supreme Court could hear the case.

It is intended to be a useful aid for criminal investigators by discussing the various tools and other resources available for assisting investigations involving electronic evidence.
Criminal cases involving electronic evidence are difficult to solve.

, technical/scientific journals, the Commerce Business Daily), or solicitations for
The state is asking for donations for the Commerce Business Daily.

But I guess Tuppence and I and even the highbrow Sir James have all got the same idea."
It's a great idea.

More than a little bit, in fact.
It is more than just a little true.

Finally, there are some operational changes that would probably be made.
There might be new regulations.

Now here Drew was, half the continent away from Gainesville and Tennessee, wearing Anse's spurs and half of Anse's name to find a father he had not known was still alive, until last year.
Drew had traveled hundreds of miles on his horse.

On the other hand, studies conducted by alcohol research specialists may not provide clinically relevant intervention protocols, are not likely to be noticed or considered credible by emergency medicine physicians, and will have little impact on practice.
Alcohol research specialists need to include relevant intervention protocols.  

No, some one's got ahead of us today by an hour or so.
We slept in and now someone is an hour ahead of us.

I must have an ally in the house, he observed reflectively. 
He wanted an alley very badly so he could drive his car through it.

Ashore it's another matter, with peak-hour traffic jams and midtown parking woes.
Traffic jams always happen because of ill timed traffic lights. 

that's right we didn't close at all this past winter
We didn't close at all this past winter, despite the terrible weather.

This girl seems all right.
This girl has proven herself to be reliable.

2 billion in benefits to over 1.3 million recipients.
A couple of billion in benefits for the public to do whatever they want with. 

i know i know the shortcomings too
I am paying attention to the flaws so I may fix them.

a store in my house where i've got the uh the hardware and the software and i also do repair work on the system if if i started using a different computer at home then i wouldn't be using the the software and the hardware and it would be that much more difficult for me to try and market it the the product
Computers use electricity to operate the hardware components.

Being christened 'Merlin D. Tuttle.
He as christened with a new name.

Physician assistants get paid twice a resident's $30,000 yearly salary for working only 40 hours a week.
Physician assistants make $60,000 the first year out of school.

Objectives  Improving the grant management process to utilize the information received to provide standards-based feedback to programs.
The goal must be reached by the end of the year for the improvement of grant management process.

We can stumble into a war with China over Taiwan very easily, warns Professor David Shambaugh of George Washington University.
Shambaugh is concerned that we will accidentally get into an unintended war with China.

The adjustment to the mortality unit valuation for growth in real income in 2020 is achieved using an adjustment factor of 1.278.
Real income is affected a lot by the adjustment factor.

GAO anticipates that an agency will attempt to arrange for its personnel to be available for an entrance conference no later than 14 calendar days after receiving a request for a meeting.
G a O really doesn't want to send its personnel to the entrance conference.

The path nearest the palace takes walkers along the base of Salisbury Crags, a volcanic ridge.
Salisbury Crags is a place everyone must see. 

By the late 1990s, a new emphasis on quality and, especially in the Balearics, on safeguarding the environment had finally taken root'too late for many environmentalists, but hopefully still in time to preserve much of the natural beauty and unique character of the Las Islas Baleares.
Soon enough to help the tree filled environment.

The austerely handsome 9th 12th-centuries basilica of San Zeno Maggiore (dedicated to the city's patron saint), is Verona's most visited church.
The basilica of San Zeno Maggiore is mostly white on the outside.

It was the Economic Opportunity Act of 1964 that began providing federal funding for programs to bring legal services to the poor, Kinser said. 
Besides giving federal funding for programs to bring legal services to the poor, the Economic Act of 1964 also benefited the unemployed.

oh mostly we watch college basketball
We usually watch college basketball on weekends.

This case also includes no controls on mercury emissions from power generation.
This case includes no controls over mercury emissions from hydro-power plants.

The restriction imposed by the statute here threatens severe impairment of the judicial function.
The statute limits the power of Judges in the 9th appeals court. 

More than a year after he officially incorporated the San Gabriel-Pomona Valley, Dudovitz had not placed a local resident on the board of Neighborhood Legal Services or made the rounds of the private legal community to recruit the volunteer lawyers.
Dudovitz's failure to make the rounds of the private legal community will end in disaster for the San Gabriel-Pomona Valley.

Its Hospital de la Virgen de la Caridad (Convent of the Virgin of Charity), has five El Grecos hanging in its church.
The Convent of the Virgin of Charity has only one church.

On television, there are more and more shows that take off from the Crossfire format, expecting guests to represent strongly contrary positions.
Over 10 shows have used the Crossfire format since 2011.

While GAO is not subject to the Freedom of Information Act, its disclosure policy follows the spirit of the act consistent with GAO's duties and responsibilities to the Congress.
The Freedom of Information Act will never apply to GAO.

uh-huh it was nice talking to you too
It was nice talking to you about space and such.

yeah but you wouldn't be able to steer people toward a particular type of savings you wouldn't be able to say well you get better tax bonds if you you know avoid the capital gains tax and if you do it this way do this and you roll over your IRA's and all that they
I am not well versed in financial literacy. 

Before the startled Kentuckian could pull it back from that grasp, hand and book were gone, and the trooper who had taken it was reeling back to the bar, waving the trophy over his head.
The trooper was drunk. 

For the individual professor, a grade budget is a stifling constraint.
Budget constraints are always a part of the job and aren't all that stressful considering the workload they have.

The view peering down into the valley from the lookout point of Eira do Serrado (1,006 m/3,300 ft) is breathtaking.
The valley holds a very small indigenous population.

In addition, the Inspector General has said that GSA's organizational structure does not seem to match the responsibility for managing programs with the authority to do so.
GSA's structure is different from others who manage government agencies.

It can also be several degrees warmer, which accounts for the thermal breezes and mellow summer temperatures.
The weather is quite pleasant, even in the winter.

Communication rather than confrontation, concern rather than condemnation, and facilitation rather than force or law enforcement should mark the interventions.
There should be concern rather than condemnation in a drug intervention.

And if you feel like being idle, France is full of quiet places where it's a simple joy to do absolutely nothing.
France is one of the quietest places in the world.

The Cost of Universal Service in the Postal Sector.
They tallied the cost of the postal sector in the United States.

TEST SPECIES
The test species are mammalian. 

Soups include conch chowder, cream of pumpkin, red pea with pieces of beef and yam, and pepper pot.
There are soups including cream of pumpkin which is served cold

If USDOL determines that a labor shortage exists and that the job offer satisfies the federal requirements, USDOL approves the employer's application for certification.
The labor shortages usually are in the technology field.

The postal service would then have a surplus.
Only in 2 of the past 5 years has the postal service had a surplus.

I have tried gently to suggest therapy.
I gently suggested therapy and it was not successful.

but anyway i i think that um we are paying a lot in taxes but i think that we have a government and we have a lot of freedoms and we have a lot of things that uh you know the governments doing with our money um we're probably one of the the only countries in the world that has all the things that we have the you know as far as the quality of the streets the school systems um the hospital stuff that the the government gives money to um the you know all the things that the government does like that i uh i think they need to manage it a little bit better but i don't think uh anybody is just going to come in and fix it in a couple of weeks because they've been messing it up for many years now so yeah
We sometimes forget how lucky we are as a country.

He's Not One of  Talking to his fellow journalists about the upcoming presidential press conference, George Stephanopoulos tips his  You guys will make him look good.
George Stephanopoulos does not talk to other journalists outside a press conference, this way there is no bias in any of his statements.

I could see at the time you didn't care a twopenny dip for me!"
I was beginning to suspect that you probably don't care for me like you say.

Bihar, Bengal, and Rajputana all went their separate ways.
They all could not work together. 

canoeing uh water in it have you been camping much
I always really liked canoeing.

So far he had aroused no suspicion.
Thus far he had not elicited any suspicion nor caused any problems.

 Don Cazar. His Spanish was a flood in which Drew was lost almost immediately, but Anse listened with parted lips and then translated a quick account.
Drew was unable to speak Spanish, but did speak French.

We first provide a brief description of the current competition in delivery.
The current competition in delivery is a complex and saturated market.

In general, an X% own-price increase in a product with an own-price elasticity of , increases revenues by X(1 + ,)%.
There are a few equations for price increase.

Note that family tickets are available for rail and bus services and that children under 16 travel at half-fare on buses and DART.
The bus is $10 for adults and $5 for kids.

Still, Japan remains one of the safest countries in the world to live or visit.
Japan is safe to visit occasionally, but not to live in.

Ireland Under the Normans
The Normans ruled Ireland for 400 years.

yeah um-hum well my my personal opinion is that so many parents especially those parents who are in a lower income and have to spend more of their energy on work they say okay well i i don't have to teach my kids anything the school's going to do it for me and i think the school can't
Lower income parents think it's the public school's and the government's responsibility to teach their children everything and they are wrong. 

yeah yeah i was down in Texas for two years and i was paying unbelievable rates for both car insurance and for home insurance um they
We moved, because we couldn't afford to pay it.

Standing at his feet are diminutive representations of his family.
There are five figurines below him representing his family.

West Hollywood's most famous thoroughfare is the Sunset Strip, stretching from the 8200 block of Sunset Boulevard west to Doheny Drive.
There are many great places on the Sunset Strip.

A Legal Services Corp. audit in 1999 found 45 duplicate case files in a random sample of 400 cases.
There were a lot of cases in the audit.

You can see all the outside wards there." I followed Cynthia and her friend and they pointed out the different wards to me. 
Different wards are for different purposes

Montazah Palace, built in the 19th century as a hunting lodge, started the fashion.
There were a lot more palaces after the Montazah place.

(The United States, Olson notes, has far laxer discovery rules than any other developed nation.)
The US has relaxed rules for discovery in civil courts.

okay um what do you think about the war recently
In recent events about it, what do you think about the war going on?

If the general control is inadequate, the application control is unlikely to function properly and could be overridden.
If the general control isn't tough enough, the application control won't work.

Bond does not take bribes!
Bond is very professional at its work.

So let's recognize this current enthusiasm for currency unification as what it  an intellectual fad, not a deep insight.
People are only floating this idea because the economy isn't doing well.

I loved everything about  talking to the folks who schlepped there on a Sunday morning; the comic effect of having a guy dressed like McGruff, the Crime Dog from public service ads, standing behind Dole.
The guy enjoyed being dressed like McGruff the Crime Dog.

The Aegean is a small sea, a finger of water 640 km (397 miles) long, and 320 km (198 miles) wide, pointing up out of the eastern Mediterranean between the modern states of Greece and Turkey.
The Aegean is smaller than the Meditteranean Sea.

I can suggest a possibility about how such an unjust and demonstrably false characterization of my views came to appear in your message to [Philip] Gourevitch.
My views were altered before appearing in a message to Philip Gourevitch.

It slipped under the egg, catching the falling object deftly on a cushion-like attachment between its wings, and then struck off briskly toward the east.
It was a weird winged creature from the East.

well i haven't counted i i would have guessed eight even but you might be right i don't have any idea
I don't know what the final number would be. 

You're getting to be a habit with me.
You are becoming a habit because we spend so much time together.

The sacred site of Glendalough in the Wicklow Mountains is still highly evocative, and should not be missed.
Glendalough has been a sacred site for thousands of years.

AMS said an ex parte communication is an oral or written private communication from someone outside of the United States Department of Agriculture to a Department official who is involved in decisionmaking on a pending rulemaking proceeding.
Ex parte communication is a common occurrence in the Department of Agriculture.

They don't want to part with you, I'm sure." Cynthia hesitated a moment, plucking up the grass with her tiny hands. 
Cynthia plucked up the grass, and fed some to the cow.

but it just it it really doesn't make any difference this is just a chapter a another chapter in Middle Eastern history
It doesn't matter if the troops are memorialized.

There was nobody to put Mr. Brown wise to the fact that Mrs. Vandemeyer meant to betray him.
Mr. Brown was a trusting person. 

When Boris was at De Witt Clinton High School in New York, in the '30s, his history teacher once remarked that in February 1917, Alexander Kerensky had made the Russian Revolution and was soon after overthrown by Lenin.
Boris, when he was in high school in the '30s, was reminded by his history teacher about the consequences of the Russian Revolution and he still remembers to this day with amusement.

well how'd you find out about it
I am curious who told you about it.

Many Kyushu daimyo adopted Christianity as a means of winning favor with the Portuguese traders, without necessarily abandoning their Buddhist beliefs or Shinto practices.
Some daimyo rejected their former Shinto beliefs when embracing Christianity.

Tuppence held the glass to her lips.
Tuppence put the glass to her mouth and drank from it. 

The objective of our research was to determine how several leading organizations have implemented their CIO positions and supporting management infrastructures.
The CIO position has traditionally been difficult to graft into existing management structures.

Maybe thirty sec-
Everyone knew something would happen in thirty seconds.

She barred the Industrialist's quick movement in that direction.
She warned him he did not want to go in that direction.

But that's not all that distinguishes Porto Santo from Madeira.
Porto Santo and Madeira can be distinguished by the difference in the weather.

Hong Kong's shops carry almost every recognizable European and many American labels, from top-end designers to the moderately priced or trendy.
Western brands are popular amongst the working class in Hong Kong.

I must confess that I see nothing particularly curious about it.
It was too ordinary. 

The program was initiated in 1948 by the Secretary of the Treasury, the Director of the Bureau of the Budget (now OMB), and the Comptroller General and was given statutory authorization in the Budget and Accounting Procedures Act of 1950.
The Secretary of the Treasury participated in the creation of several other programs around the same time.

We went straight to the connecting door. 
We just wanted to enter the room. 

Visitors to France ' and the French themselves ' often overlook the charms of the far north.
The far north is not considered a desirable place to visit.

We have to make up the revenue from other mail, for example, by bumping up, if you will, the benchmark from which those discounted rates are measured.
Because this service is actually losing money, other services will have to be tapped to make up the shortfall.

Agriculture and commerce were brought up-to-date and cotton was introduced as a commercial crop.
Agriculture in the area was behind for it's time until very recently.

yeah do you work do you work
I'd love to know what you do. 

In addition, system administrators are the first line of defense against security intrusions and are generally in the best position to notice unusual activity that may indicate an intrusion or other security incident.
System administrators help protect computers from viruses.

30401(k) Pension  Loan Provisions Enhance Participation But May Affect Income Security for Some (GAO/HEHS-98-5, October 1, 1997).
10% of people under the provisions have affected income security.

If you don't want to walk around town, a small motorized train runs past all the major sites.
Most people are too lazy to walk between tourist sites.

To succeed, rock bands now either 1) fake an earnest devotion to kitschy music, or 2) earnestly devote themselves to inauthentic, radio-friendly music.
A majority of rock bands will not become known.

There's plenty of reason to be out on a July night, instead of sitting in the basement.
There are lots of reasons to go out on a July night, but you don't want to listen to them.

Officials from one organization were also concerned that they might be held responsible if their advice adversely affected a vendor.
Officials from one organization were also concerned that they may be getting underpaid

but still i would hate to be on the jury that sentenced someone
I wouldn't want to be on a jury that sentenced an innocent man.

uh in Maryland they uh they have no fault in Maryland also
They also have it.

South of Grizedale are a number of interesting attractions that you can reach by car or by lake ferry.
The lake ferry travels to the south of Grizedale three times a day.

no it's it's got people singing but  it's it is instrumental but it's it's got people singing but it's got a like a whole bunch of people singing you know um   how many people are in
There were several hundred people singing in this.  

and uh Plano has plans i believe it's tentatively scheduled for sometime in May of this year the city is going to leave uh receptacles at people's home and they can
The city of Plano plans to leave recycling receptacles at residents' homes. 

Both speed and accuracy are assessed to decide the winner.
They award a winner based mostly on speed, though accuracy is part of it, too.

The world is not now in depression, nor is a full-scale replay of the 1930s likely.
The depression of the 1970s is the same as now.

The Globe notes conspiratorially that his wife, Carolyn Bessette-Kennedy, was nowhere in sight.
The Globe reported that Carolyn Bessette-Kennedy was nowhere to be found after the crash.

I didn't notice him particularly.
I didn't know how long he had been there because I mostly didn't notice him.

Let the Brits care for the Brits.
No one else should be responsible for caring for the Brits.

The preamble also describes the seven alternatives considered by FDA in promulgating this rule and why it believes that the alternative selected (the mammalian-to-ruminant prohibition--with exceptions) is the most cost-effective regulatory alternative that meets the objective of the agency.
The preamble includes seven alternative as well as three things that must be done. 

The ticket kiosks are right next to the wooden berths.
The wooden berths are located three feet away from the ticket kiosks. 

(The Development and Foreign Aid section includes a piece by Maren titled The Food-Aid Racket.)
George Bush added The Food-Aid racket to the Development and Foreign Aid section.

right nicotine addiction yeah
it is assuredly because of the nicotine addiction, I agree.

They seemed too expensive.
I can't afford it.

It's impossible! 
It's impossible because we do not know what we're doing.

yeah i think it it's all in the metabolism of of the
A secondary factor is genetics.

While LSC will implement these performance measures on January 1, 2001, it will diligently evaluate the chosen method of analysis prior to implementation to ensure it provides useful and meaningful data.
LSC will implement these performance measures on January 1, 2001 at about 3pm.

Mancy Mintie's Uncommon Good organization pays the school debts of attorneys and health-care workers dedicated to serving those less fortunate.
Mancy Mintie pays thousands of dollars in student loans of lawyers and health-care workers in exchange for their service to the poor.

well i pretty much agree with that that's uh
That is exactly what I would have said.

I presume Mrs. Inglethorp took the coffee after dinner about eight o'clock, whereas the symptoms did not manifest themselves until the early hours of the morning, which, on the face of it, points to the drug having been taken much later in the evening."
I assume Mrs. Inglethorp drank the coffee at night time so the symptoms didn't appear until five in the morning.

He spotted a big generator working busily--and then saw a gang of about fifty men, or mandrakes, turning a big capstan that kept it going.
The generator needed lots of power. 

Three towns are famous for their  Bangalore, for its classic printed silk; Varanasi, for its gold and silver brocades; and Kanchipuram, for its heavy, brilliantly colored silk, favored for formal saris.
All of the silk produced in Kanchipuram is brightly colored and very heavy. 

Every August a spectacular form of sacred theatre, El Misterio de Elche (The Mystery of Elche), is performed here by an amateur cast of priests, civic dignitaries, and other local people.
El Misterio de Elche is held every August and tourists flock to see it.

In theory, IDAs help lowincome families save, accumulate assets, and achieve economic self-sufficiency.
 IDAs help low-income families save potatoes.

They had to, after they took away our fields and the kine, and got everyone into the habit of taking their dole instead of earning our living in the old way.
It was easier for most folks to live on the dole.

The small man drew a shining dagger from within his cloak but instead of attacking the merchant he went after the girl.
The man slashed violently at the girl. 

He didn't hurry any over that either.
He didn't hurry any over that, because he was lazy

Thus, the number of passive vs. active investors will always fluctuate around an equilibrium.
There are many investors in the company.

Adrin shook his head.
Adrin disagreed with the statement.

'For the record, I'm a little shaky on that too,' White put in.
White was shaky about knowing whether or not he wanted to go back to university.

Information  The executive must exercise due diligence in efforts to plan, develop, coordinate, and implement effective information security
The executive can rely on the help of several agencies in order to plan and develop information security.

Starr's criminal case goes up in smoke.
Starr's criminal case goes up in smoke due to lack of evidence.

It  disgusting, childish, and unnecessary.
The court case was childish and irresponsible.

John strode across the room, and lit the gas. 
It a far too cold we needed heat.

yeah i understand that
Yeah I understand that you're a superhero

yeah yeah well i i went to Dallas um when i worked for TI in Abilene and uh i i'm a little familiar with the city area Forest Lane and you know through that off off the freeway
I enjoyed working for TI in Abilene, Tx.  

no my husband does
I don't paint, but my husband does.

21 An extreme, but possibly realistic, situation should not be overlooked.
If 21 does occur, we want to be prepared to minimize the damages. 

What's this? Pearinsky wanted to know with every cell of his wrapped-in-quilted-shit being.
Pearinsky wanted to know what the package was so badly.

that's pretty good isn't it
That's pretty good money, right?

unfortunately the the uh computer equipment and and related peripherals are changing and improving so rapidly like for instance we bought a
The computer equipment is somewhat unfortunately changing at a rapid rate.

and and anyway Leland Leland apparently has hired him on now and he's and he's defending this case
We have no clue how Leland could afford hiring such an attorney.

While section 609 likewise is inapplicable, the preamble in the Federal Register notes that the Departments wanted to afford public participation to the maximum extent and, therefore, the negotiated rulemaking committee meetings were open to the public and all sessions were announced in the Federal Register.
The information was not the most important part of the Federal Register.

Be quick.
Do not waste a second.

I think I'd rather suffer your wrath than his, fat one, said the mercenary.
The mercenary wanted the fat one to get killed.

Speaking to University of Georgia School of Law graduates at their 2000 commencement, he said, The cold, hard reality is that far too many people face the possibility of an unjust outcome because they must navigate an often complicated legal system without the benefit of competent counsel.
He wanted the graduates to stress their sense of professional responsibility to society at large.

In response, the Congress passed reforms in 1977 and 1983 that together were intended to assure Social Security's solvency for a 75-year period.
Congress felt that Social Security was necessary for the aging population.

A comparison of two of the major participating banks demonstrates the disparity in their approaches to IOLTA.
They wanted to show that the banks had similar aspects. 

The Times of London, a Murdoch newspaper, devoted both a report and an editorial to the news that a surge in demand for exorcisms has led the Vatican to revise its 400-year-old formula for deliverance.
The Times of London has a circulation of a million people.

A triumphant concert that, in the hands of director Wim Wenders, is also a triumphant act of reanimation--of a culture, a city, a way of life.
Win Wenders has been a director for 10 years now.

Screaming at the remaining two she pulled the boys back into the cottage.
She pulled the remaining two boys into the cottage, screaming at the riders that rode past.

that's right these boys knew that what they were doing was wrong and when i screamed at them to stop they kept running they knew what they were doing was wrong that's why i called the police
The police did not arrest the boys.

She returned with a tray, containing the teapot and four cups.
Before setting the tray down she tripped, spilling hot tea all over the guests.

I looked carefully round the walls.
I searched for an opening on the walls.

The auditor usually provides in-depth review of the RSI only if there appears to be some problem with the data.
If there is an issue with the data, the auditor provides in-depth review of the RSI to correct any mistakes and to prevent misinformation.

In fact, the White House says that when the FBI briefed National Security Council staffers on the subject, the FBI told the staffers specifically not to pass information to higher-ups.
The FBI can be really shady with their practices. 

And if there was a bit of buggery and whatnot going on up in the balcony, what of it?
Someone punched a guy on the balcony. 

Jacob White was on his feet, swaying.
Jacob was tired.

On the witness stand, Tom said that he and John were the only ones in the vehicle.
However, the evidence pointed to the contrary, and there was another person in the vehicle.

She came here to escape the public eye.
She had been hounded by paparazzi for months.

In courts such as Orange County's, the offices have offered workshops for litigants.
The workshops are free.

The pagoda's 108 painted struts support the five tiled roofs.
Most of the struts are painted yellow or blue.

All his life Ca'daan had marveled at Fena Dim's dark protector.
Ca'daan was shocked that the protector had kept them safe all night.

The rules likewise expedite public notice and procedural scheduling, providing for a yes or no Commission decision within 90 days, consistent with the due process rights of other parties.
Expedite public notice and procedural scheduling is always consistent with due process rights of other parties.

According to APHIS, this rule has been reviewed under Executive Order 12988 (Civil Justice Reform) and has been found to meet the standards set forth in the order.
APHIS reviews rules that sometimes meet standards set by Executive Orders.

Trade with the Portuguese and the Dutch launched a craze for tobacco, bread, potatoes, clocks, pantaloons, and eyeglasses, the latter very often worn as a chic symbol of intellectual superiority rather than as an aid for poor eyesight.
The Dutch were often found to be trading carrots and turnips.

One doesn't want to get caught in them.
It would be a bad idea to get caught in the webs.

Suppliers that have offered catalyst for coal applications in the past but currently focus strictly on gas and oil -fired applications were not included.
Only those suppliers who produce catalyst for coal applications were considered.

We also used NIPA data to describe historical trends in (1) U.S. national saving by component, (2) domestic and foreign investment in the United States, and (3) the U.S. net international investment position.
NIPA data showed that domestic and foreign investment in the United States has increased over the past few years.

The islanders often wear a distinctively flat hat known as a salako and don't mind being photographed by polite visitors.
The salako was created three hundred years ago out of straw.

We would have died last night if it were not for you.
If not for you, we would have died in the battle last night.

now do the grocery stores in Houston have recycling for their paper bags and plastic bags
I think grocery stores probably only recycle plastic bags.

His heroic loyal wife is constantly shown on TV clutching her heart or anxiously clasping her hands during games (she's the one with the k.d.
His wife cheers him on every game.

Other steel may be needed to reinforce existing steel at a facility.
The current steel is not strong enough 

uh-huh that's interesting well it sounds as though you are in favor of uh status quo
That information about graduation rates is interesting. 

He had revealed a wish to escape and a desire to find Jane Finn, but nothing that could have given a clue to his own identity.
He was worried about Jane Finn.

President Clinton's response to charges of selling special access--that these donors are also his friends and he has the right to have conversations with his friends and invite them to his home--is disingenuous, but might be hard to refute in court.
It will be hard to refute in court.

For example, no reasonable person would expect the United States to invade or bomb Turkey to stop genocide against the Kurds.
The US would never bomb Turkey to stop the genocide because the American public would be outraged.

'You fell, with a considerable portion of one of my trees, into one of my newly planted flower-beds.'  
You ruined my favorite flowers when your tree fell in my flower bed.  

yeah well like they say like nobody can get enough you know it's like
I never feel satisfied with the amount of pay I get.

I felt awful.
I felt like throwing up.

that much spent right well and some people use one credit card to pay for another credit card they own and i mean that does nothing but exacerbate the entire problem
Some people should learn how to better manager their money.

Just fill out the enclosed forms, mail them in, and spend away, spend away, spend away!
You will get the best credit card if you fill out the form and send it in.  

Just a computer operator and repairman."  He regretted ruining their hopes, almost as he said it.
The repairman was going to give them hope.

Although the prize money is negligible, you would not think so when the dogs reappear and the enthusiastic owners call, whistle, and wave them home.
The prize money isn't a lot but people train for years just to compete.

Julius, too, was absent but that to the girl's mind was more easily explained.
Julius was often absent, she expected that.

Business is good!" He looked at Ca'daan and his mood shifted.
"Business is good, despite your intentions," he said, gazing warily at Ca'daan.

NONCOMPLIANCE WITH PROVISIONS OF CONTRACTS AND GRANT AGREEMENTS
Noncompliance is increasingly becoming a problem where grant agreements have been concerned.

The quality system regulation includes requirements related to the methods used in, and the facilities and controls used for, designing, manufacturing, packaging, labeling, storing, installing and servicing of medical devices intended for human use.
The goal of the quality system regulation is to ensure that consumers are safe.

They had lit fires under the dead men and their skin blackened and crisped.
The men were burned until they were just bones.

Then I used to bring it up, and put it on the table by the swing door, and take it into her room later."
I carried it upstairs into her room. 

Holding cash or nonfederal financial assets would not reduce debt held by the public but would reduce the net debt of the federal government.
Holding cash or nonfederal financial assets would not reduce debt for business owners.

Notwithstanding its status as a member of the British Commonwealth, Jamaica now looks much more toward the US for its future.
The future of Jamaica looks bright and valuable.

They retraced their steps slowly to the gate.
They retraced their steps back to the gate to find his missing mailbox key.

Why not let this kind gentleman here cut my throat without delay?"
Just let him kill me then, and I mean it.

The administration is appealing the decision to the Supreme Court.
The administration will appeal the decision to release the prisoner to the Supreme Court. 

The two men wore dark cloaks and buckled leather armor deeply creased from long wear.
The men wore clothes that would hide them in the woods.

This frequently results in roadside boxes being clustered where the carrier's line of travel intersects with roads not on the line of travel.
Carriers don't care that there is roadside boxes clustering up.

and even on those type they don't show what you expect
It's hard to know what to expect.

She ducked and parried the blow.
She ducked out of the sword's path. 

Adrin cursed again and brought his arm up.
The cursing caught others off guard.

If such evidence is present, return Kennewick Man to his rightful tribal reservation.
Kennewick Man has been gone for long enough from his tribe.

In 1994, fraction of households owning a personal computer is 0.25.
In 1994, 0.25 of households owned a PC, which was a high sum at the time.

is it that low you think uh
Is it below average by a little or significantly less than normal?

Part of the brick-built Curia, home of the Roman Senate, still stands.
The Roman Senate last met at the Curia over 1200 years ago.

that'd be good um i know we i already have them thanks um we're we are kind of getting into recycling now i'm in college and i live in a dorm and we recycle paper
I'm in college and we're getting into recycling, I think it's beneficial.

Here is a prediction.
Here's what I think the weather will be like tomorrow.

The assault was a failure, but it thrust into the limelight its young leader, Fidel Castro.
The assault was a failure, but it thrust into the limelight its young leader, Fidel Castro as a military leader.

I'm not myself since then."  "What in hell would they need with helicopters?" Hanson asked.
Hanson wasn't quite sure why they would need helicopters to go there.

They're slow, stupid, ugly, and rude.
They are ugly and grossly overweight.

Undoubtedly the discovery of an undisturbed tomb and its vast treasure trove in 1922 is what maintains its popularity.
If the undisturbed tomb had not been discovered in 1922, it would not be as popular as it is now. 

we can't even take care of the people that are hungry and homeless here
It is sad.

The Denver Broncos won their second straight Super Bowl, beating the Atlanta Falcons 34-19.
The Broncos won their first Superbowl in 2004. 

The cable network's animated show about third graders obsessed with violence and bodily emissions has replaced Beavis and Butt-head as America's premiere gross national product (Ken Tucker, Entertainment Weekly ). Critics attribute the show's cult following to the timeless power of bathroom humor and to its dark and clever plots, such as a thwarted assassination attempt on Kathie Lee Gifford.
The show appealed to people with a good sense of humor.

The Congress of Vienna of 1815, with an aim to reorganize Europe after Napoleon's escapades, did not re-establish an independent Poland.
Poland had been broken up for fifty years prior.

Cubists are represented by Picasso (including Mother and Child, from his Blue Period) and Braque.
Picasso and Braque are the most popular Cubists.  

All hotels are of a high standard, with private bath, air-conditioning, television, and telephone; most have king- or queen-sized beds.
The hotel amenities will include spa soaps with the private baths. 

sitting outside restaurants, begging for scraps.
Homeless people asking for food outside of Arby's. 

An estimated four billion copies of her novels have been sold.
Her novels sell very well to middle-aged women. 

Only to a limited extent are they like regulatory user fees, based on the Government's power to regulate particular businesses or activities.
Only to a limited extent are they stupid

Who was this man who held in his finger these curiously variegated links of an unknown chain? 
Who was this man who held these links of chain that were cut.

This factor determines the degree of risk the agency is willing to take and management's philosophy towards performance-based management.
The degree of risk includes things like race of the defendant and where state the court is in.

Another direction to take from Zion Square is up the Ben Yehuda Mall, a pedestrian road lined with shops and open-air cafe.
Many tourists are drawn to Zion Square and the Ben Yehuda Mall.

Numerous Supreme Court precedents recognize a broad and encompassing power in Congress to engage in oversight and investigation.
Congress previously engaged in oversight processes without Supreme Court approval.

The forum led to the creation of the Justice Action Group, staffed by the State Bar Association and chaired by U.S.
The State Bar Association saw that there was a service that could be offered to the public when it chose to staff the Justice Action Group.

Why did our emperor get up so early,and why is he sitting enthroned at the city's main gate,in state, wearing the crown?
The emperor is wearing a giant gold crown.

Indeed, Largent and Watts could match lack of wits with plenty of House members from both parties and all 50 states.
The southern states had the dumbest House members.

But that thar sure looks a lotta hoss.
Hoss was a man who enjoyed breaking bricks with his hands.

GS's Saturday Evening Post articles eerily suggest words we were to hear 50 or 60 years later.
The Post's articles may be backed up by research and data, resulting in it not being strange.

At the end of c/ Mayor, just past c/ Bailen, is Parque Emir Mohammed I, where you can still see fragments of the old Moorish wall that encircled the Mayerit settlement.
The Mayerits built a wall to keep attackers out.

International Financial Flows
Foreign finance flows steadily.

uh-huh uh-huh oh oh i was like  what's Target what's Target no um
I had been to Target before, just hadn't known its name at the time.

The girl! 
The girl is in trouble.

These are (1) submitting reports to people from whom data were collected and printing their critiques with the report, (2) use of multiple data collection methods within case studies, and (3) adoption of the audit trail or chain-of-evidence technique.
Reports need to be turned in quickly and in a timely fashion. 

And, in any case, it's the original I'm out after.
I'm out after the original version of the book.

covered up just right and all that so it's
We covered up the paint on the wall.

The management of human capital has gained recognition as a significant part of internal control.
Human capital gets recognition as the most important part of internal control.

 "Get rid of him one way or another, Trinfan.
"Kill him with your knife so he can leave us alone, Trinfan

Among other legends surrounding the statue is a very modern During the Chinese Cultural Revolution, when Red Guards were running rampant on Wanchai island, just a swim away, the image of St. James is said to have stepped down from the altar and halted an invasion.
It is more likely that a man dressed up as the old saint and spooked the invaders.

i'm not sure i have
I will need to check to see if I possess.

Companies use a variety of goodies to lure a senior executive from the outside.
Companies use a variety of goodies to get on the good side of senior executives.

that's true well i hope
I really hope that it plays that way.

During those halcyon days, Samuel Levi, as devout as he was rich, built a synagogue next to his home, Sinagoga del Transito (Synagogue of the Dormition).
Samuel Levi lost his fortune and his faith before he died.

The marginal costs of emission reductions over the period 2005 through 2015 are shown in Figures 6 through 9 for all four scenarios.
The scenario shown in Figure 7 is the most cost-prohibitive.

it manages to take care of all my home needs in terms of word processing and spreadsheets and uh databases database searches
I really don't need a machine that's capable of doing much more than that.

In its fertile Po valley, Milan prospered from trade with Germany, principally in textiles and armor.
With the Po valley being so fertile, the textile and armor trade between Milan and Germany prospered.

The Louvre's official Web site offers virtual tours that can help you choose the most important galleries for you to visit.
The Louvre's website is easily navigated by visitors.

oh well of course i always see see uh Attleboro mission on teen news and everything else but
Attleboro is frequently on teen news.

uh too much information and as far as the sub question about was i satisfied am i satisfied with the coverage i'd have to say yes but when it came to the war issues it was like who's telling the truth you could between the channels there was uh the casualties were differently the amount of missiles launched were different and it was almost too much information over-communicated
I watch the news every night and follow the war issues religiously.

The elegant Renaissance arched clocktower of the Groseorloge is Rouen's emblem, its Eiffel Tower.
The Groseorloge clocktower is a common meeting place in Rouen.

Thereafter, Chinese settlement was discouraged and did not achieve the commercial dominance it enjoyed on the peninsula.
The Chinese settlement on the peninsula was commercially dominant.

We brought it with us when we moved, since it would be needed to determine how the sky should be repaired and to bring the time and the positions into congruence.
We packed it carefully.

The new Irish Music Hall of Fame (IMHF), 57 Middle Abbey Street, presents concerts and other events, along with its exhibits and audio-visual tour through the history of Irish pop music.
I like to go to the concerts at the new Irish Music Hall of Fame.

in public places there is one state that does that by the way
there is more than one state that does that in public

that was probably the worst thing that ever happened
That was something I hope to forget.

Ah, that is curious! 
That is very curious, indeed.

Intragovernmental borrowing is a means of financing the entity's outlays.
There are better ways to finance intragovernmental borrowing.

The oldest sections are constrained within a one-way traffic system that gets clogged in summer but there are many surprises to be found if you take the time to wander the narrow streets.
One can find lots of pennies when wandering the streets.

LSC grantees go to considerable lengths to focus services on the client-eligible population.
The client eligible population is made up of low income families.

Unless one believes that the lives of Europeans are intrinsically more valuable than those of Africans, the humanitarian justification for military intervention is unsustainable, he wrote.
He wrote his piece on military intervention for the New Yorker.

Although small temples and shrines remain, visitors will enjoy exploring the covered shopping arcade between Shijo and Sanjo streets, famous for its second-hand bookstores, traditional hand-made paper (washi) shops, trendy but sometimes creative clothing stores, and numerous pickle shops.
A lot of the economy in the area is based on the small businesses of the merchants that sell in the shopping arcade.

that's i i i just i that i just wandered off from that one i was just so surprised and amazed with the statement that they say only registered voters can be picked for jury selection
I wanted to do jury duty, but I am not a registered voter.

Advertisement, replied Tuppence promptly.
Tuppence preferred advertising. 

44 Correspondingly, no revenue is recognized for such donations.
This is because this type of donation differs from regular donations for tax purposes.

Our work at IRS was done at the Wage and Investment Division in IRS' headquarters in Washington, D.C., and at the Accounts Management, Submissions Processing, and Compliance branches at the Ogden, UT, Service Center.
The Accounts Management, Submissions Processing, and Compliance is based out of Utah and has relatively new offices, while the Wage and Investment Division in IRS' main facilities are in an older building in D.C.

Great authority on toxicology, I believe."
It has a lot of info about toxicology and.many other sciences.

At the height of the panic, thousands of Chinese were deported from Hong Kong.
Some Chinese were killed during their deportation phase from Hong Kong.

Appendix III Guidelines for Reviewing Case Study Reports
There is a resource with at most three appendices.

Protest against overcrowding, antiquated teaching, bureaucracy, and the very basis of the social system made the Sorbonne a focal point for unrest in 1968, a year of ferment throughout Europe.
Sorbonne was known as a communist hotbed in France since the days of Lenin.

i didn't think you could anything on a loan or
Loans and other debt are very different.

She studied at Oxford University as a Rhodes Scholar from 1987 - 1989 then attended Yale Law School and was awarded her Juris Doctor in 1992.
She studied political science during her time as a Rhodes Scholoar.

so what kind of a house do you expect to buy when you do buy
What kind of house are you buying next year?

Several other key observations 
The observations were made during the study.

Terrence McNally's Tony-winning play from 1994 about eight gay men who vacation together doesn't translate well to film, critics say.
The writing was well done, but the story about eight gay men on vacation just didn't translate well to film.

The HMOs contend the government doesn't contribute enough to allow them to provide adequate care.
HMOs get all of their money from the government to help sick people pay insurance.

i'm a Viking fan
Viking is the best sports team.

that's very good i do too
That is good.

Immediately north of Edinburgh's New Town is Inverleith, an area full of green sites.
Inverleith is a small town north of Edinburgh.  

Brinchang, a few more kilometers beyond Tanah Rata, is better known for its vegetable farms, and of course, the famous tea plantations.
All inds of vegetables are grown in Brinchang.

yeah oh yeah that was just such super team
All the players worked well together.

Former heavyweight-boxing champ Riddick Bowe quit the Marines after a few days of basic training.
Riddick Bowe was ashamed that he could not become a Marine.

and um they they may have gone down a little bit but i they're still pretty much in demand
The decrease was due to bad luck, not bad sales. 

but on the other hand
"Looking at it from a different viewpoint, this may be our salvation."

The high point of Kempton's essay on the Hollywood 10 is a list of the folderol the blacklisted screenwriters actually produced--with excerpts from the glowing reviews they received from the Daughters of the American Revolution.
The essay was very long but thorough. 

and i just kept that thing on constantly because i was going English language this is wonderful and and they at least i kind of knew what was going on on the other side of the world and trying to keep up with
I am from an english speaking country.

Rising debt, in turn, raised interest costs to the budget, and the federal government increased debt held by the public to finance these interest payments.
 Rising debt, in turn, raised interest costs to the baking industry.

But they insist that they stand by the right to any other second-term abortion.
They insist that they respect the right to any other second-term abortion as a last resort.

You can see the ideal in the Gap  A T-shirt and denim pants just sit there, until a supple person slides into them and strikes a cool pose.
People model Gap clothes to look cool.

For a more comprehensive discussion of alternative delivery in the United States, see the General Accounting Office Study, n.
The study is a little outdated, but it includes a lot of relevant information.

I felt as if I was the mother of Smurfs.
Not only did I feel it, but I really was the mother of Smurfs.

The monetary benefit of reducing premature mortality risk was estimated using the value of statistical lives saved (VSL) approach, although the actual valuation is of small changes in mortality risk experienced by a large number of people.
The VSL approach shows that there are paltry monetary benefits to be had from reducing mortality risks.

Its white marble was brought from the Rajasthani quarries used for building the Taj Mahal.
The white marble is quite expensive due to its use in the Taj Mahal.

i agree i i agree you know i
I concur with that theory. 

A Trying Time For Many Net Retailers
It is difficult time for a lot of retailers at malls. 

While the aging of the population is a commonly voiced argument for raising national saving, some analysts maintain that the projected decline in labor force growth will increase the capital-labor ratio and reduce the return to capital while raising the productivity of labor.
There are many arguments as to why national saving is important.

it's like a mill you know we we do uh um well we use a one mill bond wire or one point five mill conductive bond wire on on semiconductor devices
We sometimes use certain wire on semiconductor devices.

We've already prepared a construction camp for you.
We've tried to ensure your every need is met.

The West Virginia project is on a college campus.
This is the first time a project of this magnitude is being hosted on a college campus.

In the late afternoon they began again until nightfall.
They are in the middle of building a shelter.

Tommy's making tracks for the Argentine.
Tommy is making race car tracks for the Argentine.

you've we did it uh intentionally i did it intentionally i was running some business expenses
Everyone knew we did it. 

'Excuse me?' Natalia blinked.
Natalia didn't hear what was said.

do you that's neat so you kind of uh uh an everyday camper
You camp every day so you are an every day camper you say?

The Committee's members included telephone equipment manufacturers, employers, hospitals and nursing homes, hotels and motels, persons with disabilities, and an FCC representative.
The FCC representative was the most respected member of the Committee.

Slavic tribes arrived by the eighth century a.d. and put down roots; the lezanie, Mazowszanie, Pomorzanie and Wislanie peoples inhabited much of the territory.
The Mazowszanie tribe was more numerous than the Pomorzanie.

um uh usually engineers are expected to to dress you know little more professionally it just in case things would come up during the day sometimes unexpected meetings or a client would come in and wanna see you
You are not dressing like how I'd expect you to dress.

It is an almost spiritual experience at sunrise when the sun's rays break over a silent world.
There is nothing more spiritual than watching the sunrise.

And as human resource management experts at leading private and public organizations have pointed out, organizational learning must be continuous in order to meet changing customer needs, keep skills up to date, and develop new personal and organizational competencies.
Organization learning is important because of the constant changes in customer needs.

Depression.
Insomnia

prevalent practices.
Most people speak to their client before the judge.

and one lives in Connecticut and our baby lives just a mile over the hill so we'll get to see her a little more than uh what we do the other ones
We see them often but the baby more

I have nothing to offer but the food, shelter, and gratitude of my village.
I have food and shelter to give to anyone who needs it.

we have a cruise plan to sail from uh Solomon to Maryland up to Philadelphia this summer
I am excited to go on a cruise this summer.

It is also increasing the military's political clout.
It's increasing the military's political clout, which could influence future military interactions. 

a little lacking right now
It's lacking because we are missing our favorite clown to make us balloons. 

He scared me to death, until I began to realize that Jim Lindsay was the kind of man who would roll up his shirtsleeves and work right beside you.
Jim Lindsey has a very intimidating appearance to me.

But like Waugh, he makes his fun out of snobbery.
He is himself a snob.

Aquacity at S'Arenal claims to be the biggest aquatic park in the world.
The biggest aquatic park in the world is actually Calypso outside of Montreal.

training, performance rewards and incentives, and performance appraisal systems.
Rewards for good performance act as an incentive for better performance.

Despite this (or perhaps because of it) the economy recovered and the middle classes strengthened.
The middle classes strengthened because they benefited most from a growing economy.

um-hum well my my brother raises my brother raises Labs and he gave one to uh he gave one to me several years ago
My brother gave me the best Lab he had.  

The capital, Pothia, is a splash of bright color climbing a hillside on the south coast.
Pothia is the southern most place on the island.

The purpose of borrowing authority is generally to provide an entity with capital rather than to finance its operations.
Nine times out of ten, borrowing authority is used for the provision of capital.

yeah these were uh trees that that wintered
These trees were in the deep cold. 

well i have noticed a lot uh more women's roles at work which i like in management which that's good i i guess to have a woman's viewpoints and uh in a way things are handled at work especially in personnel type jobs which i think is probably better on the hand of women for uh any kind of maternity benefits and stuff like that women probably understand that better than the men do so i think that's good
I believe that more women should get management positions in workplaces.

For more information, pick up the monthly listings leaflet, Events and Places in Eilat, from the tourist office.
The only way to get more information is to pick up a leaflet which features the monthly listings. 

Miss Howard was obviously quite a public character. 
Although she tried to hide it, Miss Howard enjoyed being the center of attention. 

Is Daily Mortality Associated Specifically With Fine Particles Journal of the Air &amp
Is Daily Mortality Connected To Fine Particles, the title of the novel

The finality of the way the man cut off his hair made Ca'daan uncomfortable.
The man cut his hair because he lost the battle. 

Today the theater still provides a wonderful setting for the July festival's opera and symphony concerts.
Many come to experience this festival's concerts.

smaller companies have bonus plans where i think in a large company it's hard to do that because there're just so many people to deal with and you have to have guidelines if you know for salary increases and things like that
It is more difficult to have bonus plans in larger companies because the CEOs are cheap.

i don't care
This doesn't effect me.

the only painting job that was really painless for us was in this condominium that the um association that manages it they have to take care of like the structural damage there was a roof leak and that was not something that we had to pay for so they sent their painters in to to repaint a corner of the ceiling and then you know repaint the whole ceiling in a certain room but they came in and um
It was easy to paint the condo because there's no trim.

Although ERISA has been amended to include stateregistered investment advisers as investment managers, the amendment expires 2 years after enactment.
The amendment was set to expire as its change is not relevant to the cause's long term goal. 

They were quiet for a moment and then San'doro jerked.
San'doro jerked violently while they were quiet for a moment.

Powell may be the patron saint of all writers laboring in obscurity.
It was Powell's 6th book that was finally bought by a publisher.

 He picked up the khaki shirt and put it on; then, with growing curiosity, the rest of the garments, until he came to the shoes.
The shoes were brand new and made out of leather.

Firstly, that cloak of mine had fooled absolutely no one.
I wanted people to think I was a woman in a cloak, but they didn't buy it.

It was something in the man's eyes.
His eyes told a story of a thousand words, but it wasn't enough to justify the claims.

it's a mixture
It's a mixed bag of people.

Nothing more.
There aren't many things.

He half carried her into the library, and laid her on the leather couch.
He put her on a brown leather coach. 

Pick up a copy of the free handbook with color-coded floor plans at the information counter ' renovations and improvements are almost constant and exhibits may have moved since your last visit.
There are 10 exhibits in total.

Birch's successor in Perak, Hugh Low (1877 1889), proved more diplomatic.
Hugh Low was a better diplomat than Birch due to his embracing the local culture.

In past years, the City Council had consistently added $5.
The City Council added $5 to each student's budget.

There are pleasant walks along the coastline and stops for refreshment at the Cramond Inn, which is believed to be a setting described in Robert Louis Stevenson's St. Ives.
At the Cramond Inn, some people take in far too much refreshment and get drunk but this is the exception.

… I have been reading a life of Napoleon.
I was fascinated by Napoleon's life.

Ensure that all interested parties participate in design reviews from the planning and design phases, so that all perspectives are represented as the design evolves.
There are usually at least three interested party involved in such designs.

The growth of bill/payment mail has slowed down significantly in the 90s.
Bill mail has slowed due to electronic payments 

He felt instinctively that the American would arrive in time.
He has told me that Americans are very reliable.

uh-hum uh-hum excuse me Jim could you hold on i have someone at the door i'll be right back
I will be back in a few seconds Jim.

For instance, the test can catch when drugs cause slight fatigue or make it harder to enjoy life fully, as some heart medications can.
The test has successfully caught a dozen side effects from one drug.

(No Nazi art, in other words.)
No Nazi art was to be purchased.

Now With Extra Spin
There is now 50% more spin.

From 1467 to 1568, civil war constantly raged up and down the country among some 260 daimyo, from which a dozen finally emerged victorious.
There were a lot of fatalities during this civil war.

US Environmental Protection Agency, 2000a.
Protection of the Environment is a very popular topic in the media.

Our itineraries divide the city's heart into four from the Duomo north to Piazza San Marco; from the Piazza della Signoria, its Palazzo Vecchio and the Uffizi Galleries east to Piazza Santa Croce; from the Mercato Nuovo west to Piazza Santa Maria Novella; and the southern Left Bank of the Arno River around the Pitti Palace and the Piazzale Michelangelo.
The final part, including the Piazzale Michelangelo, can be seen in just one afternoon.

Somehow, inexplicably, Mr. Brown had forestalled them.
They weren't sure how Mr. Brown was able to stall them.

what am i afraid of um i don't know if i'm really afraid of spending too much i just uh don't think that i need them you know i uh
I am afraid I will go too much over my moms budget

what other topics have you had
Have you had good topics?

I always thought my jaw was wider than that.
I always thought my jaw was wider than his.

(Norton plugs the book here.)
Norton supports the book personally.

yeah uh i'm an avid gardener um
I have been gardening for years.

Fiellin suggested the recommendation should ask for a level of support that is commensurate with the burden of illness.
Fiellin said support should be given to those with cancer.

uh-huh no no that's that's uh a a little bit of background study has never made an expert in any field
There is a lot more that one has to learn to become an expert.

well it seems like i don't have time for them but i'm i don't work full-time or anything
My part time job consumes all my time like a full time job would.

He ignored Edward's summons and instead negotiated a treaty with the French king, the beginning of a long association between France and Scotland that became known as the  Auld Alliance.  
The Auld Alliance had clear economic benefits for both France and Scotland.

But what's the rationale for separate biographical entries on Queen Latifah, Snoop Doggy Dog, Tupac Shakur, and a host of other dubious thugs?
Queen Latifah and Tupac Shakur would have loved to have separate biographical entries.

The Church of the Nativity, like the Church of the Holy Sepulcher, is divided into zones of possession among Christian sects, but visitors are free to wander from one to another.
The Church of England owns one part of the Church of the Nativity.

But there's no need to be sentimental about it." In the meantime, nothing more was seen of Boris.
Most people would be sentimental about it.

That gives us about two to three weeks to prepare.
They had some time to prepare for battle.

uh i uh as far as uh you know federal and state uh the uh the state i live in has a five percent sales tax
Sales tax rates vary by the state, ours is a little high.

it's just the stud fees are so much though it'll cost about three hundred dollars for a stud for her we we want to breed her with a champion so
Breeding with a champion usually results in an optimal offspring with key pieces of genetic makeups.

and i read the whole damn book while i was home hauling out you know like ten gallon buckets of of water and waiting for the roof to collapse and reading about these guys wearing their little Freeman Steel suits and
I waited for the roof to collapse so I read the story about elephants.

Three thousand years ago, the young David hid from the rage of King Saul in the canyon of Ein Gedi, and until its demise in early Islamic times, the isolated Jewish town of Ein Gedi was famous throughout the ancient world for the balm, incense, and perfumes produced from its rare plants.
Three thousand years ago, David hid from Kind Saul in the canyon of Ein Gedi

Boycott the Web
Don't go on the internet for three weeks.

Some magazines, for example, are too heavy to be processed on flat sorting machines and newspapers would be expected to have costs different from those of magazines.
Some magazines weigh too much for the machines in the post office.

By the time he had finished, Ca'daan had finished his story.
Ca'daan read the entire 500 page novel.

Pissy Fit at This Week : ABC's This Week contributed not one word to the independent-counsel decision, the only show to hold its fire on the issue.
This Week refused to cover it because of their disagreement with it.

Consciously aiming for stalemate would not be acceptable to Congress.
Congress will not consciously aim for a stalemate.

He also observed that patients who screen positive for one risk factor often have multiple risk factors.
People with multiple risk factors can cost insurance companies billions of dollars.

The long-term outlook for Medicare is much bleaker.
Medicare might not last another 20 years.  

Trouser legs too long, shirt like wearing a corset.
The shirt was very uncomfortable.

You enter the Haghia Sophia church through the central portal, acrosea worn and well polished threshold of verd antique, and under a ninth-century mosaic of Christ Pantocrator, into the long, narrow narthex, running to right and left.
The mosaic of Christ Pantocrator was added two centuries after the Hagia Sophia was built.

One of the best is the Cirque de Baume, between Lons-le-Saunier and Baume-les-Messieurs.
Cirque de Baume has a population of 20,000.

But, in his anxiety, the criminal has drawn the net so closely that one cut will set Inglethorp free." I was silent. 
Inglethorp can even free himself if he manages to make a cut on the net. 

Such assertions also serve as an attempt to discount the need for meaningful reform to help prevent future accountability failures.
Accountability is currently quite poor.

Also, the United States was able to invest more than it saved by borrowing from abroad (see figure 3.2).
The United States invested more than it saved by borrowing from China.

Be nice to Wall Street, and perhaps you can be a money god, too.
Be nice to Wall Street, your father did that and he was earning $150K a year. Maybe you can do that too.

but i grew up in LA i work out here
I moved to LA when I was 5.

At the other end of the Rue Saint-Vincent, you will come around the back of the 19th-century Romano-Byzantine Sacr??-C?“ur basilica, towering over Paris with its gleaming white facade and distinctive domes and arches.
The domes and arches of Romano-Byzantine Sacré-Cœur each have religious meaning.

She became so interested in the area's ongoing struggle and the local culture that she decided to study it systematically, exiting from her marriage to return there.
She was very interested in the area's struggles and how she could solve them.

they know they're not going to pay it back
They aren't going to pay what they said the would. 

uh-huh well that's probably what i watch most frequently besides like news programs is the movies and they have a couple of channels that are like nostalgic older movies
I like to watch Turner Classic Movies on the weekends.

This Moorish palace formed part of the city wall.
The wall was originally built to protect this Moorish palace.

oh i guess the work force would be the main wouldn't it it uh
The main point is the workforce, what can be done to improve working conditions.

But in the last election, roughly half of Florida's Cuban-Americans voted for Clinton, double his 1992 share.
Half of the Cuban-Americans in Florida voted for Clinton in 1996.

He had nothing to lose.
He had nothing to lose after being diagnosed with cancer.

The Washington Post called her dress cleavage-coercing and reported that her handler, Susan Carpenter-McMillan, dabbed sweat from Jones' upper lip and set aside a piece of used chewing gum that Jones handed her.
Being easy targets, they could be in danger.

Amore egregious case is that of an adventurous and quite brilliant young woman.
An adventurous and quite brilliant young woman could have cancer.

I mean, said Poirot deliberately, "that you are suspected of poisoning your wife." A little gasp ran round the circle at this plain speaking. 
There is a chance that Poirot poisoned his wife.

That's how th' 'Pache does his fightin'.
The Apache always do their fighting from the shadows. 

really yeah see i didn't i don't i thought my uh i thought i live in Euless and i thought it was pretty normal but anyway but i guess you're right though it has been real hot because it um  i've had to use the air conditioner in March and that is pretty usual
I thought that Euless would not be as hot as it is.

now that's i mean that's something that grows like a weed here
It grows well here because we get a lot of rain.

The rule was later expanded to include real estate closing offers.
The rule had to be expanded to be effective.

Wow, I knew that Texas fans were upset about Juan Gonzalez not starting the All-Star game, but they really have to chill out.
The player didn't start because the coach wanted to save him for later in the game.

The findings should put the legal community on notice that more needs to be done because the problem is only going to get worse, said Melville Miller, president of Legal Services.
The problem is limited in impact to the legal community.

I don't think she's in any immediate danger.
She would only be completely safe from danger at night.

A more cynical view is that the sands provide a cure for which there is no known disease.
Realistically, there may be no cure.

There would be little point in trying to identify a single number as an accurate representation of something this complex.
Besides being almost pointless, it is almost impossible as well.

The bottom line  We can disagree about policies in a democracy; however, our disagreements should be based on facts.
We can disagree about policies, but they need to be fact based and rational.

Jon laughed and Adrin blushed.
Jon was laughing at the joke Adrin told him. 

 She went on making passes, but smiled on him kindly.
She had a sweet and innocent smile that lit her face.

At last? queried Tuppence doubtfully.
Tuppence was questioning.

yeah well we had like layers of clothing to keep away the snow
We wore two sweaters, a turtleneck and a puffy jacket all week because of the snow.

Camel rides and treks can be taken around the pyramids, at Luxor and Aswan; at every resort in the Sinai and on the Red Sea coast.
Camel rides around the pyramids are more expensive than those at the resorts. 

These can include testing for
These can offer testing for herpes.

right but uh they they really did change
But they are not playing the same music they used to.

Now I have purpose once again.
My purpose is to kill the demons.

No, he's washed up.
If he wasn't so washed up then I'd consider it.

The palace has been splendidly restored since World War I with the help of private contributions, most notably from John D. Rockefeller.
J.P. Morgan also donated in order to fund the palace's restoration.

and Americans and they decide oh make it Iraqis and Americans you know and they just change the title and uh and reshot a few parts you know where they yeah you know where they could i guess they figured we wouldn't can't tell the difference between an
they renamed the movie and reshot a few scenes, but the rest of it is exactly the same

OK gentlemen, do you have other samples? Because what you've offered me so far, I must regretfully say is acceptable for a not-so-bright manager of a field airstrip in Asswhack.
The samples that you've offered me have failed all of the tests. 

And in part it's because Nevada's business climate is a supply-sider's  no corporate income tax, no personal income tax, no local earnings tax, no inventory tax, no capital-stock tax, no franchise tax, no admissions tax, no inheritance tax, low property tax, and a right-to-work state.
Businesses often incorporate in Nevada, since it's laws are very business friendly.

Several of the individuals and organizations that we contacted said that the agencies should move to a more standardized approach, and said that standardization could make the current system of participation more accessible to the public.
Agency participation is not very accessible to the public.

In front of the museum is a model of the neat little settlement they established in 1609, when the only Japanese permitted to visit were trading partners and prosetutes.
The museum's model of the settlement came from drawings by the settlers.

um actually have been to the movies um i think the last movie i saw was Misery
I like watching movies in my free time

Yet dozens of chemicals commonly used to kill weeds, fungus and insects on agricultural crops can cause immediate sickness in people who inhale, swallow or absorb them through skin contact, Wuerthele said.
Many chemicals that kill weeds can be absorbed into the skin can cause cancer.

A small, furry, ultra-observant Dutchman in a big black hat is funny if he's not Peter Stuyvesant, who, were he alive today, would probably stick with the Republican Party, but could perhaps become funny if a Jewish squirrel bit him on the ass.
Peter Stuyvesant had a brother called Paul.

Japan's celebrated puppet theater can be seen at the National BunrakiaTheater in Osaka's Nipponbashi district, although performances are also put on several weeks each year at Tokyo's National Theater.
The National Bunrakia Theater only has performances of puppet theater.

 Health Care Financing Administration, Department of Health and Human  Medicare Program; Changes to the Hospital Inpatient Prospective Payment Systems and Fiscal Year 1997 Rates
The changes to the rates in health care financing are related to attempts to balance the budget and promote fiscal responsibility of administrators in the delivery of healthcare services at the federal level. 

Among other things, someone was bound to notice that the interaction between increasing returns and product differentiation could help explain some puzzles about international trade--like why most trade is between seemingly similar countries.
Some people have a hard time understanding why China and Japan trade with each other.

The bottom line represents the same for mail processing costs.
At the bottom line you will see the representation for mail processing costs.

Did Mrs. Vandemeyer suspect her? 
Did Mrs. Vandemeyer assume she was the culprit? 

Bermuda seems to be yeah Bermuda seems to do pretty good down here
I lived in Bermuda for a few months.

The intellectual guardians of Arab nationalist orthodoxy--Said, the Syrian poet Nizar Qabbani, Egyptian cultural leader Saad Eddin Wahbe, Egyptian editor and pundit Mohamed Heikal--have never accepted the fact of Israel; they cannot envision a world without the rallying cause of anti-Zionism.
The arabs are terrified of a world without anti-zionism

Estimated facility cost and schedule issues receive increasingly intense review during the design phase so that the owner has a high level of confidence prior to bid that the performance, quality, cost, and schedule objectives defined during the conceptual planning phase can be met.
Several prior projects have failed due to conceptual planning's failure to provide accurate numbers.

you mean the type of grass um
I think it might be timothy grass.

The component may also be a contractor.
They wanted to make sure they were not excluded.

Local fire officials should be notified of any potentially hazardous conditions.
Local fire officials should be informed about potentially hazardous conditions.

The product may be addressed to committees of jurisdiction or the affected agency.
The product can be sent to the committees of jurisdiction for that agency, but they are not obligated to accept it.

There are many, he thought, but not enough.
He was glad for what he had already.

In considering how much of the anticipated budget surpluses to save, policy choices must balance today's unmet needs and tomorrow's fiscal challenges.
It isn't wise to spend all of a budget surplus unnecessarily.

The antis can call gambling tobacco.
The antis have a right to call gambling tobacco.

Everybody has taken a big hit, said Senate President Thomas V. Mike Miller, a Prince George's County Democrat. 
The big hit is from taxes.

and you didn't you didn't have any notice you know so like if you were doing drugs then like you didn't have a way you know to stop i mean it was still in your body
It was really frustrating to be disrupted without any proper notice, however.

Another technique for analyzing multisite case data is identifying events within each case study (meeting between Jones and Smith
Identifying events within each case study is an often used technique for analyzing multisite case data, but it is not the most rewarding technique. 

That is why there is grumbling, but little organized opposition in Virginia and Maryland to the tax grant to the district--worth perhaps $700 million a year--that is gathering bipartisan support in Congress.
The tax grant will be $699 million.

Local news panders to viewers by showing crime and disaster footage, ignoring education and politics.
95% of local news show crime and disaster footage and 5% are for cute animals segment. 

yeah they they lose interest and then when they young young adults there's even less interest they're they're more for
It is important to keep them from losing interest before they become young adults.

It's generally windy here, and there are eight water holes (including two on the Fort-de-France bay).
2 in 3 golfers ends up with a wet ball on these holes.

Above ground again, 40,000 rare books and manuscripts of immeasurable beauty and value are preserved in the biblioteca (library) created by Felipe II.
Felipe II himself would sit and read in the study rooms of the library.

You go down and get your time, and they hand you your draft notice.
They will hand you your green draft notice, then you come back up.

Bush was asked no questions about education and only one about welfare.
Instructed earlier by Bush's handlers, some questions were left off the table.

The establishments listed below offer a cross-section of local restaurants, and should convince you that not everything on the island comes with chips (french fries).
Not everything on the island comes with chips, but most do.

GAO has never had a centralized, formal program to reduce its travel costs by capturing and using its employees' official travel miles.
Many GAO employees continue to use miles gained through work travel to pay for private vacations.

well i i do too and uh uh i work for Texas Instruments and and they have a mandatory drug testing before you hire in and uh i enjoy that environment i i want to be in in a you know drug free environment and i think that's a great way of uh of promoting it
Only about 5% of applicants have offers retracted due to test results.

Unemployment is at an all-time low.
Unemployment is very good right now.

facilities owners are addressed in this segment.
No one else is addressed in this particular segment.

She thought that Mrs. Inglethorp was shielding her stepson. 
Mrs. Inglethorp was not shielding her stepson.

One bank dropped its interest rate in November 2001 to 1 percent.
They raised the rate back up the next month.

Here, as far south as you can go on Martinique, the landscape is desolate.
Martinique's desolation is due to desert land.

Little girls learn this sure-fire posture-improver very early in life.
Girls work on their cooking skills from early on.

It was there that she met Nancy Mintie.
She met Nancy at the concert. 

Britain began taking India more seriously.
Britain took India more seriously when India's economy got better.

They are still responsible for making sure that they can rely on the quality of the automated systems to ensure that invoices authorized for payment are legal, proper, valid, and correct.
They will be fired if they do not check the quality of automated systems.

yeah nice talking to you too take care now bye
I always like talking to you.

working with all that so i mean i know it's not lead based any more paints but my goodness
Thank goodness the paints they were using are not lead-based.

Ain't nobody can put hobbles on a pair of Tejanos as has their chewin' teeth fast on th' bit!" It was something to think about, all right.
It was a matter of great importance to many people.

Local phone rates are going up, too, though some of this rise may be attributable to a reduction in subsidies.
Local phone rates are going up because of the increased need for constant communication.

right right right and it's not an easy sacrifice for a person to make because you know i you know i have interests
It's not an easy sacrifice to make, some people have interest in donating their organs

West Jerusalem is a general name for the area west of the Old City
West Jerusalem encompasses residential districts as well as commercial districts.

John Galliano won at $25,000 with a black cotton-satin hourglass corset covered with jeweled sprays and stars and faintly suggesting Jane Russell; followed at a great distance by a $2,000 Yoshibi Ishinuma bikini made entirely of swooping black coq feathers; and a Robert Beaulieu bikini made entirely of pale mink, available at a modest $750.
The corset was adorned by jeweled sprays.

right that's right you know neither has mine as a matter of fact and uh that's true they i think they look at it as well everybody the majority of the people think this way when that's not necessarily true because you know that's what the media says well the majority believes this way so uh they don't even bother turning out to vote to express their uh opinions
The media is a valuable resource but what it reports isn't always accurate.

Nearby is the Catedral de San Isidro, built in the early 1600s and long the provisional cathedral of Madrid.
The cathedral is the provisional one of Madrid, but it is slowly falling apart.

and now there's this brown haze over it and it's moving north
The haze is really alarming and gross. 

Part of the city's allure is its setting, where Europe faces Asia acr?­oss the winding turquoise waters of the Bosphorus, making it the only city in the world to bridge two continents.
The fact that the city bridges two different continents makes it more appealing to visitors. 

Good cause existed for dispensing with the Notice of Proposed Rulemaking procedures of the Administrative Procedure Act and has issued the rule as an interim final rule with a request for comments by April 14, 1997.
The Act allowed for better rulemaking in the state.

At just 2,300 sq km (3,710 sq miles), the area is small enough that it can be covered by car, north to south, in just a few hours.
The distance can be covered in a relatively short amount of time.

Asthma attacks that would occur with the projected changes in air quality.
The air quality can cause asthma attacks.

Such reporting would not be considered duplication, as the type of information reported on an item would be different for each category of stewardship asset.
The reporting would be similar to other reports.

'A young woman, stabbed to death in her own apartment.' White shook his head.
The woman was killed just outside her bedroom.

If they do not declare a general strike on the 29th  "
If they do not declare a strike, profits will continue to rise.

The research and development outputs and outcomes should be the same as those measured for the Government Performance and Results Act (GPRA) and the budget and will be reported in a Statement of Program Performance Measures as described in Appendix 1-F to Entity and Display, SFFAC  
The budget is reported in a Statement of Program Measures.

and then you've got maintenance expenses but the overall cost is is a a lot cheaper now and where you're single now's the time to do it when you're married you know got to have time you're not going to have money you're not going to have
There are maintenance expenses like reparing an appliance or hiring lawn care.

If you are going to pick a few cases to illustrate the larger whole, then you have to have some pretty compelling and well-articulated reasoning for their selection.
They had to be very careful what they selected.

Don't build on it too much, Miss Tuppence.
Don't get too excited, Miss Tuppence.

Most people approach Provence from the north; the warmth of the sun, the red-tiled roofs, the cypress trees, the garrigue (scrubland), and the fragrance of lavender alert you that you have arrived.
Provence is the premiere location to have a honeymoon if you schedule it early.

 "Good work, Nema," he said wearily.
He tiredly congratulated Nema for escaping from the assassin.

or if they're in there and they've got seventeen years and they're on good behavior they get for every year they're in they get so many less you know that they don't serve the full penalty
Convicts don't serve their full sentences if they exhibit good behavior, it's ridiculous.

oh goodness it must be a little bit cold
It must be cold at this time of year.

well see you need to go there it is it's you know it's it's high canyon and uh and there's this little mountain lakes and it's very peaceful and um in in the early fall time um
It's peaceful there most of the time.

Only, I mean it, Kirby, you walk soft and get back to the Range as quick as you can."
Kirby quickly ran to the Range. 

Other good walks include a visit to the Tibetan refugee camp at Tashiling and to the Peace Stupa atop the forested hill on the south side of the lake.
There are many great places to take a walk.

2 becomes important.
2 becomes significant because it is a prime number.

'Hello?' I held the speaker to my lips.
I nervously said a greeting into the speaker.

Strategies enabling the control of multiple pollutants (multipollutant control strategies) from these plants have recently been receiving increased attention.
Increased attention has been given to strategies who enable the control of multiple pollutants from these plants, said the biologist.

Play is activity engaged in for the enjoyment of it without regard to the financial remuneration.
Play is childish and children aren't concerned with money so that is why players don't worry about money.

i lived there for ten years
I lived there longer than anywhere else.

so they usually get uh worse weather  than we do
The weather here isn't bad.

yeah i kind of feel that way too
I think so, too. 

His follow-up remark, June 10: Mormon people don't like me either, right?
Mormon people dislike him.

Politically, it's anti-democratic, replacing congressional and executive branch decision-making.
The congressional and executive branches have checks and balances that can't be democratically messed with.

Unions protest that the government has not fulfilled promises made to labor.
Workers are forming picket lines in response to the government's actions. 

three or four percent i don't know which put you in better rating yep because when i used to go to the bank
When I used to go to the bank, they told me three percent gave you a better rating.

This spirit became a factor in the gathering clouds of war.
A war was unavoidable at this point.

uh the well yeah we uh she's uh into the aerobics and uh
She always stretches before her aerobics workout.

go ahead you can talk i i don't want to i want to chew up the whole line here
You can go ahead and continue talking for a minute.

Nostalgics take tea in the Grand H??tel des Bains to recall the decadent 1900s, evoked there by Thomas Mann's novella (and Luchino Visconti's movie) Death in Venice.
The Thomas Mann novella was more successful than the Visconti movie.

The ideal screen that is accurate, practical, and motivational has not been developed.
Currently the screens are far from practical and accurate 

But most of all, they despised the way he eroded the nobles' power and smoothed the path to an increasingly absolutist monarchy.
If he had gone about it a different way, they would have supported him.

The two oldest sisters are married and have their own children.
The oldest sister has two boy and one girl.

Not being an actual mobster (to my everlasting regret), my assessment might be worth bupkus (as the hysterical Silvio Dante would say), but The Sopranos accurately captures the desperation of today's mobsters.
The Sopranos is the most accurate depiction I've seen of mobsters.

But admitting that people's happiness depends on their relative economic level as well as their absolute economic resources has some subversive implications.
Money is not the root of happiness. 

One moment.
Take one moment and think about it

It even has a fortified head (cimorro) that is part of the city walls.
The fortified head is so big.

Today I'm picking pheromones, especially for Miss Aldonka.'
Pheromones will increase Miss Aldonka's attraction.

and just sit and watch the game and a have a pizza and a beer that i would enjoy
Watching a game with a large meat lover's pizza, and a nice cold Bud Light is something I'd enjoy. 

a plausible increase in the penetration of computer ownership by households over the course of a single year.
Year over year increases in computer ownership are high.

holy smokes i didn't that doesn't seem like very long
Two years doesn't seem very long for this team.

It shone now like a tiny bit of white-hot metal; but the older man touched it, and it snuggled down into Dave's chest, dimming its glow and somehow purring.
Dave was immune to it's heat.

In my view, the FTC seems to be getting the balance about  neither rolling over and playing dead nor being blind to business practicalities and long-run competitive innovation in retailing (new kinds of superstores, discount shopping on the Net.
The FTC is keeping up with the times, what can not be said about other stores.

In achieving the rule's goal of a 75 percent reduction in hydrocarbon emissions by the year 2025, such a reduction will also contribute to the reduction of volatile organic compounds and ozone in ozone attainment areas.
The reduction in emissions will help the development of organic produce.

The excellent Youth Wing of the museum for children and teenagers is opposite.
There is a place for everyone in the museum.

Under the existing rate arrangement, the Postal Service can consider externalities in setting rates.
The Postal Service has every ability to look at outside influences before setting their prices.

What was once a sure thing became much more competitive.
The competition made it a low percentage and an unwise decision.

What's the difference, except in the latter case all of us benefit?
Everyone will benefit in the latter case because the deal is more equal.

Another paradox, contradicting his broad humanism and also contradictory within itself, is his attitude toward Jews, a subject that Rayfield traces throughout this book.
Rayfield wrote a book about his attitude about some religions.

What has bound this Asian-American race together is not its biological badge--eyelid folds, hair color, pigmentation--but its cultural content.
Asian-Americans are proud of their culture.

The requirements of section 609 are inapplicable to this rule since NHTSA did not determine that it would have a significant impact on a substantial number of small entities.
The NHTSA determined that the requirements of section 608 were applicable to this rule.

Still, the reliance on job cutting is symptomatic of Dunlap's real problem, which is the confusion between profits and growth.
They wanted to increase revenues.

The other principal hotel for nightlife is the Madeira Carlton , which puts on similar theme evenings, plus classical concerts and children's shows.
The Madeira Carlton puts on a classical concert every week.

And even though the film is full of laughs, the jokes hover on the edge of the  This is a world in which lurid colors and extravagant gestures are means of filling the void.
The film is the funniest I have seen.

The former is an extension of mail processing
The second item is not, but the first item is an additional item in the treatment of mail before delivery.

Much evidence of a major Carib Indian settlement has been unearthed in this region.
It seems that 10,000 indians settled here long ago.

The town itself, built on a hill, features most of Eilat's shopping much of it in large malls several restaurants and nightspots, and an excellent tourist information office.
The best shopping in the country is in Eilat.  

What controls heartbeats in Hong Kong are the fluctuations of the Hang Seng Index, foreign currency exchange rates, and skyrocketing property prices.
The Hang Seng Index fluctuates a lot every day.

yeah if he they they they have you pay it right out every month
You have to pay it every month or you will get tortured. 

yeah yeah i i can imagine i uh  years ago i remember when i had a TI ninety nine
I was really happy with my TI ninety nine, and I used it for five years.

sometime you can but on some things it's you're just stuck and you got to have it towed somewhere or something you just got to got to got to got to make a quick decision i don't know i don't trust a lot of people who work on your cars too i know this one guy that works for dealerships as a at dealerships they replace things they don't fix
Dealerships hire incompetent mechanics who don't know how to fix cars properly.

yeah they're not allowed in Great Britain either even the policemen don't carry them the policemen carry clubs but don't
They're too black, the police simply won't let them in.

On that fateful day, 14 July 1789, the king went hunting near his chateau at Versailles.
The king went hunting in France and got seven pheasants.

The group consisted of private sector executives, state and local comptrollers, academicians, and other experts and consultants outside the federal government.
The group had 50 members from the private sector and federal government.

Telecenters are facilities away from the traditional government office that are equipped with workstations, telephones, and computers among other items that are shared by employees of multiple agencies.
Everyone who works in a telecenter facility hates it there.

La Rochelle was one of the first towns to introduce a pedestrian-only zone and today free bicycles are available for visitors.
Many towns followed La Rochelle in their free bikes initiative.

Department of the Air Force, where he served as the chief legal officer and final legal authority to more than 2000 military, civilian, and reserve attorneys.
Other people he didn't serve for include Government representatives.

Hilliker is now a complex litigation partner in McDermott, Will &amp; Emery and chairman of the firm's Pro Bono Committee.
McDermott, Will & Emery have accepted Hilliker into their practice with confidence that he will be a good fit.

no more and no less
It should never vary from that amount.

The budget seeks to serve
Budget for building a road

GAO/AIMD00295, September 6, 2000) showed that in 24 agencies, physical and logical access controls were not effective in preventing or detecting system intrusions or misuse.
For some of the agencies, the physical access controls were ineffective because they were outdated.

According to a HUD representative, HUD's section 605(b) statement and certification were not separately provided to the Chief Counsel for Advocacy of the Small Business Administration.
HUD didn't feel that a separate provision was necessary.

The Astronomer said, in mild disapproval, "What's this?"  
The astronomer was not happy.

then on the way home we drove by the local high school and there happened to be an FA FAA Future Farmers FA Future Farmers of America FFA
We stopped by the local high school for half an hour, before driving home.

For example, performance measures relating to entitlement accuracy, services to reduce benefit crime, and debt management have been established for Work and Income New Zealand (WINZ), a government agency that provides income support and/or employment assistance to eligible people.
WINZ provides support for minority New Zealanders.

Case Study Evaluations is a review of methodological issues involved in using case study evaluations.
Case Study Evaluations is chapter 5 in the book.

You bet."
You bet your ass I am coming.

How did you 'persuade'  
What lies did you tell for them to believe you?

Also called Alternative Cost or Economic Cost.
Economic cost has many names. 

I also think this looks good for Decatur County.
I also think that this looks good for Delaware County.

Below the moon (or cow) is a sheep (or dog) who also seems ready to rumble, and to the right of the sheep (or dog) is an eagle with a cloud above its head, or maybe a cartoon balloon showing what the eagle is thinking (it's tough to make out), probably something very funny, indicating that the eagle hopes to get its own comic strip some day.
The eagle is shown in full flight.

On the second floor is a Verrocchio David (c.1471), for which his 19-year-old pupil Leonardo da Vinci is believed to have been the model.
Leonardo da Vinci would later use the experience to influence his own art.

'Is he still here?'  
Is he around still or did he go back home?

Though the environment faced by a CIO in the federal sector clearly differs from that of CIOs in other contexts, the principles that form the basis for this guide remain relevant.
The most demanding CIO position is that in the federal sector.

yeah yeah property taxes and yeah well Colorado
They're almost double their neighboring states' tax rates.

In any case, these precautions were totally unnecessary.
They were being too concerned over something trivial. 

Thank you for William Saletan's brilliant analysis () of the war.
William Saletan's analysis would be agreed with by most professionals.

well they talk about it and there are a few in some of the more like in i live in a big metroplex and some of the the better parts of the metroplex the the suburbs that are richer have those kind of target schools but uh you know
The richer parts of the metroplex always have better services.

The image was established early, and the cash registers have been ringing ever since.
They sell a lot of art to Scottish residents.

On average, the IOLTA fund repays 5 percent of all its earnings to those banks that charge for these accounts.
The IOLTA fund usually pays back 5 percent of the total earnings to those banks, a great opportunity for many people.

have you had any uh major uh car repairs done recently
It's quite common for you to need car repairs. 

and a lot of my sewing i kind of do out of necessity you know for you know i've got two kids to put clothes on
I have two kids and clothes who are constantly growing out of their clothes, I sew out of necessity.

A crosebetween a motorbike and a small tractor, these fun vehicles are available from the Ostrich Farm at Eilat.
Eilat's Ostrich Farm offers these vehicles for hire all year round. 

If it were racist, for example.
For example, a racist book. 

As discussed earlier, EPA's Science Advisory Board, while acknowledging the uncertainties in estimation of a PM-mortality relationship, has repeatedly recommended the use of a study that
There are uncertainties in the estimation of PM-mortality relationships.

Jealousy? I queried. 
It was true; the answer was jealousy.

In Tokyo, the place to go for every electronic and computer item imaginable and plenty that you didn't even know existed is Akihabara, an entire district devoted to specialty stores selling mountains of electronic equipment often at very low prices.
These electronics are often unnecessary but fun additions to a household.

no but i mean it's like it's like they they have like this different policy i don't know my dad works for them but it's like IBM like never in their commercials they never put down any other company you know it's like
It's as though they are extremely stupid

yeah definitely i think the biggest problem uh the biggest change that needs to be made is the way that women are paid
She bought into the feminist lies about the gender wage gap.

Dating from the 17th century, it was a summerhouse for Ambleside Hall, a large mansion built a century earlier, which, sadly, no longer exists.
At this particular location, you can only find the buildings dated from the 17th century.

But after listening to a rotten one like Julius's, I'm inclined to let you off."
I'm inclined to let you go after having listened to Julius and Martha.

A story explains the success of Southwest  quick flight turnarounds (they ready a plane in 20 minutes instead of the standard 45), less hectic airports (Providence and Baltimore, not Boston and D.C.), and the enthusiasm of its employees (they adore fun-loving president Herb Kelleher).
They wanted to show consumers they have made changes for the better.

like you say long term that have penalties and all sorts of other things they
Long term has more penalties than short term.

Attempts at dramatic entrances were not always successful.
Making a dramatic entrance can go very wrong.

Against this, Cameron and his supporters argue that, according to their survey of obits, even if they don't have AIDS, homosexual males tend to die by their mid-40s (and lesbians by their late 40s).
Cameron believes homosexuality should be discouraged.

Cynthia, called Mrs. Inglethorp, "do you think you could write a few notes for me?"
Mrs. Inglethorp often relied on Cynthia to keep tabs for her. 

Participants stated that the accounting profession needs to candidly discuss what it is doing to improve the audit process to restore public trust.
The public is just waiting for an opportunity to trust the accounting profession again.

that's right but you can't take this money with us though  that's how i keep looking at it
You can't keep money when you die so spend it all now.

Their religion included elements of Hinduism such as Shiva's phallic lingam and his sacred bull, Nandi, before the Brahmanic Indo-Aryans arrived.
Their religion was compatible with many other religions.  

Lyon has a wealth of museums, among which the following are certainly worth a visit.
Many of the museums in Lyon are free to enter on certain days of the year.

uh from Los Angeles but i live in Raleigh North Carolina right now that's where i'm speaking to you from
I live in North Carolina because I could no longer afford rent in Los Angeles

(To read the first three chapters, click here.)
Click here to read the first three chapters of Pretty Women.

'89, Czarek answered, but not to Herman, but to himself, and not then, but now, when he was pouring over a register of all-wines on the internet.
Czarek was looking for a particular wine on the internet

Tales From the Trans-Crypt
Tales of legends and gods from the Trans-Crypt.

yeah that's she stuck my name on some list so they mailed me the information that i filled out
I got the mail the day after I filled out the information.

Table 6-4 was derived considering that 14 GWe of SCRs have already been installed for the NOX SIP Call, so the remaining 71 GWe of SCR and 10 GWe of scrubber installations were considered for 2005.
Majority of the scrubber installations were already completed.

And so all the paradoxes of thrift, widow's cruses, and so on become irrelevant.
There exist hundreds of other paradoxes of thrift.

Just in case you think you have got it all clear in your mind, remember that Vishnu destroys by not preserving and Shiva preserves through the renewal arising from destruction.
Vishnu is feared and respected far more than Shiva.

When I discovered that she had told a lie at the inquest about the letter she had received from Mrs. Inglethorp.
The letter was suspicious for me.

As local lore goes, it doesn't match the all-time classic (Headless Body Found in Topless Bar).
The locals gave an award to the headline "Headless Body Found in Topless Bar."

OSI conducts its investigations and other work in accordance with the standards established by the President's Council on Integrity and Efficiency as adapted for GAO's work.
These standards mostly focus on correct procedures for document destruction.

Mrs. Inglethorp always had an extra large amount of medicine made up at a time, as she dealt with Coot's, the Cash Chemists in Tadminster. 
She got her medicine from far away and got large quantities at a time.

yeah i mean i really think if the EPA had anything on the ball they'd go in there with a few phosphorous grenades light up the sky photograph the emissions at that point and uh
I hope they use a professional to light the grenades.

yeah we got big cash advance and really that's what's uh holding us back now that's
We took a big cash advance from our bank.

The senses work in different ways.
Different senses do different things.

A comprehensive transition plan needs to be developed.
The plan is already being discussed.

But this here Bayliss he's been like a mule with a burr under his tail ever since he hit th' territory.
He has been like a horse with a burr under his tail ever since he hit territory.

The model allows us to focus on the contribution of national saving to output and living standards through the linkage between saving and the capital stock.
We focused on contributing 4% to national savings.

You begin with a yearling colt, not three-year-olds."
The yearling colt is the best way to start.

so uh but i i do all of my programming on the mainframe and i uh don't have a lot of opportunity to work on the PC except at home
I also work on a Mac at home. 

We strongly encouraged another program to adopt program-wide intake protocols that would make case handling consistent among all offices.
Another program to adopt program-wide tasks is ms paint

Fear of repeating the deadly clash between federal agents and Branch Davidian cult members has deterred police from raiding the compound.
The police are trying to talk with the cult members instead of raiding the compound for fear of having a repeat of the deadly clash between federal agents and Branch Davidian cult.

Richard Brown remarked that in many circles, intervention does not necessarily include referral, so he suggested that the first recommendation include referral.
Richard brown needed intervention referral 

This would give both parties a chance to learn about each other.
Learning about one another would strengthen both parties.

didn't it do that to New England a couple years ago
It did that to the Northwest part of the country, also.

Any reason why I can't bunk up there? he asked Kells.
He asked Kells about how to sleep in the shed.

In the '50s, he reworked It Ain't Necessarily So for Adlai Stevenson (and included the first sung reference to a vice-presidential  L'il Nixon was small, but oh, my/His office expenses were high) as well as Love Is Sweeping the Country (also from Of Thee I Sing ):
He spent four months reworking It Ain't Necessarily So for Adlai Stevenson

In doing so, they may ultimately reduce the quality of life for the many of us who are less than perfectly endowed.
If they change that law, it will reduce the quality of life for 60% of the population.

The danger-zone was passed.
The danger-zone was long and treacherous.

A separate module for each subscribing agency is developed with a unique URL, allowing each agency control of agency data and access authority.
Separating the modules for each agency is a great idea.

EAST WENATCHEE - After more than a year of effort, attorneys with Northwest Justice Project earlier this week told 25 families in a mobile home park here that they can keep their homes and no longer need to fear eviction.
The developer seeking the eviction has been forced out of the area.

and he came back he was a civilian again and his father said well if you
His father was unhappy with his civilian status.

A description of the government's requirement forSpecific Make resources which is so restrictive that only a particularand Model manufacturer's products will satisfy the government's
A description of the requirement for resources is so restrictive that only a particular car  manufacturer's products will meet it.

A very slow smile overspread the face of the other.
The other made a very slow smile, continued the story.

right uh we don't uh get that in uh straight fashion but you know the other major channels have been carrying a lot of it so i've seen a good bit of their coverage
I like to watch the coverage on other channels, but would prefer to get it straight. 

hum uh i might go with Buffalo yeah
I'll consider going to Buffalo, though the decision is hard.

It means the company considers you smart enough, flexible enough and above all unscrupulous enough to turn your hand to whatever their latest vague and seedy project might be.
The company thinks you will succeed with this new business.

The defenders retreated inside the walls of Palma, but on the last day of 1229 the city fell, and pockets of resistance throughout the island were also defeated.
Any remaining resistance members were summarily executed.

uh well you don't know what you're missing
You do not know what fun this is. I bet if you tried it, you would like it.

Nightlife tours are offered by a number of companies.
Very few companies offer nightlife tours and services.

And an equal sum for Mr. Beresford, of course." Tuppence beamed upon him.
The equal amount for Mr. Beresford represents a lot of money.  

The northerner breathed hard.
The northerner was breathing quite hard because he had just finished running.

A hearty welcome--or HWELLLLL-kum, as AOL puts it--to our new readers from America Online.
AOL is trying to hard to relate to its readers by mispelling welcome. 

Let me go, uncle.
Let go of my arm. 

The smaller man said something else, nodding his head at the man.
While nodding his head at another man, the smaller man told him to get out.

I recently acquired a wonderful videotape of ballet with Suzanne Farrell and Baryshnikov (produced, incidentally, with support from the much-maligned National Endowment for the Arts).
This National Endowment for the Arts was the primary producer.

It's awful! 
It's mostly so-so.

I asked."
I asked if he were old. 

'They really do believe in history here,' I observed.
I was amazed at all the antiques.

Incontinence merry before egg postmodernism
the postmodern egg was before the horrible incontinence

yeah right and then uh they checked us like once during the middle of the summer also
They checked us for drugs in the middle of the summer.

The center contains a concert hall with acclaimed acoustics, theaters, a library, an exhibition gallery, shops, restaurants, and bars.
There you'll find full-service bars attached to traditional theaters.

Oh, I feel so much better!
I will continue to feel better later. 

I shifted uncomfortably in my seat.
I shifted in my seat to try and wake my leg up. 

do you get to do you work at home all the time or just
Can you fully complete your job at home?

Therefore, the specific assessment process should take into account these factors along with what is learned during the initial stage of the assessment.
These factors are the most important thing to take into account.

Did Orwell's list demonstrate he was anti-Semitic and anti-homosexual?
Orwell's list proved he was anti-Semitic.

H ome  Every baby superstore features a section that could be called the Wall of Death.
Wall of Death is the name given to the clearance rack at superstores. 

i'm paying uh two hundred and thirty dollars a month
I'm paying $230 a month for heating.

At 9:03 a.m., the second terrorist- piloted plane of the day screamed overhead, then slammed into the south tower of the World Trade Center.
There wasn't a cloud in the sky on the day the planes hit the World Trade Center. 

Second, government regulation of paper is clearly needed.
Secondly, I propose the government regulate paper.

and he was able to count the number of toothpicks just by a mental image unbelievable
He got the number of toothpicks right every time.

As we said when we adopted an epigraph for the Commission on the Year 2000: The past is never finished, for the future is yet to come.
The epigraph for the commission award is about the past and future.

Less than two months after Louisiana won its statehood, the United States went to war with Britain for the second and last time.
Soon after Louisiana became a state, the United States went to war.

Apparently the legislature was concerned that they might be used for gambling or, as I recall, Jewish ritual.
The legislature was keen to stop any sort of Jewish ritual taking place because they were antisemitic.

yeah yeah i mean you figure there's got to be more to life than sitting here playing with this child
Sitting there playing with this child must feel like a waste of time.

I don't know any."
I don't know any in this area."

The accommodations desk at Ben-Gurion airport can help you find a hotel room if you've arrived without a reservation.
The accommodations desk at Ben-Gurion airport will help you with hotels, transporting you to the one you will stay at.

Now, you've some tall talkin' to do your ownself.
He needs to do some self-reflection because he is starting to become too proud.

Marketing is a process and lot of people don't realize that, Langfelder said. 
Marketing can be difficult even if you know your target. 

Others are less enthusiastic.
Other people are less enthusiastic than I am.

There were a few  On 15 January 1857, somebody added an extra ingredient to the dough at the colony's main bakery arsenic.
Someone added arsenic to the dough and it killed dozens.

GAO holds an exit conference with an agency after completing its data collection and analysis.
GAO has a conference with an agency after they get the employment data.

A request to investigate the reasons for the bank failures in Ohio, for example, may reflect an interest only in Ohio, but it could be a tip of the iceberg question.
If unethical practices are noted in one state's banking system, it's likely they will be looked for in other states.

The Clear Skies Act
The act was passed in the 90s.

This suave, handsome man with jet-black curly hair and a slight contraction of the left eyelid (frequency between four and seven ticks a minute) was for the poultry producers a personification of good manners and a source of knowledge about high-class life style.
The man is very rich

Madrid's funkiest hotel is this former brothel in the city's chief bohemian district.
The bohemian district is a popular destination for the nightlife.

and then then Michael went to court and and uh petitioned that they needed to go into solvency because they were so financially in bad shape
The company filed for bankruptcy the next week.

 You really worry that you may be told you're in the wrong place?
You're worried about being told you're in the wrong place while traveling in a foreign city.

And I never suspected it, wailed Tuppence.
Tuppence was very upset that he hadn't suspected it.

Try a 40, he said.
He told them to try a 40 cm tool.

And should he happen to bite the big apple while broadcasting live from Times Square, you do not want to miss it.
He's looking forwarding to take a bite out of the big apple.

It will not be possible again, I fear.
I want to do it again.

Almost everything is quoted in US dollars, but, of course, you can pay in French francs or Netherlands Antilles guilders.
The shops have prices in dollars since most of their business is from American tourists.

 Senor, should you ever wish to sell, por favor, remember one Luis Oliveri!
Senor, I really want to buy it, so think about me if you wish to sell it.

Stories of the brothers' arrogance and brutality are legendary.
The brothers were misunderstood 

The Makah tribe's new strategy of whale hunting with plutonium-tipped harpoons.
The plutonium harpoons are powered by tiny nuclear reactors.

yeah you get your best litter is usually your first one
The first litter is the biggest and the best.

In the latter case, Centrelink provides these employers with materials to distribute to existing and new employees who are receiving benefits from Centrelink.
These employers are happy to give out those materials, because it helps them keep their employees and get new ones.

It is expected to be the most controversial term in recent memory, with cases on free speech, church and state, and the federal-state balance of power.
Free speech cases were controversial because they were being attacked by the leaders.

Based on the numerous comments it received, FDA published the codified provisions of the draft final rule on April 17, 1997 (62 Fed.
Because of numerous comments, the FDA was forced to publish the codified provisions of the draft final rule.

Red! You, Red! Are you up there? Now don't try to hide.
Red was hiding from them and ignored the shouting.

Chessel's Land, on the left, was the place where Deacon Brodie was finally caught in 1788.
Deacon Brodie was the most notorious criminal of the 18th century.

The Paperwork Reduction Act of 1980 (PRA) applied life cycle management principles to information management and focused on reducing the governmentas information-collection burden.
There has been one amendment to the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1980.

We climaxed together, rested, and began again.
The man and the woman both orgasmed. 

Inflation is an overall rise in the price of goods and services.
Inflation affects everyone in a negative way. 

The major source of the overall decline in investment-good prices was the over 22 percent average annual decline in the price of computers and peripheral equipment since 1995.
Computers and related equipment make up the majority of investment-good spending over the past two decades.

good morning do you have a computer a personal computer
Do you own a Dell computer?

No more than six members of the bipartisan board can be from any one political party.
Only six members of the board can be from one party as to ensure equality.

36These public-private partnerships were a catalyst in 1995 for forming the American Savings Education Council.
In 1995 certain catalysts were responsible for the formation of the American Savings Education Council.

Johnny had slumped forward, his head on the table encircled by his limp arms.
After his tearful confession, Johnny collapsed forwards in a slump.

you don't care about that huh
If you're a renter, you don't have to worry about that.

yes so that must that's before your time your parents might remember if they were here then
It happened long before you were even born.

He quietly passed into the house and mounted the ramshackle staircase.
He phased through the house quietly using his ghost powers.

Over a dozen studies have found significant associations between various measures of long-term exposure to PM and elevated rates of annual mortality (e.g.
There are other associations that can cause increased mortality rates.

While he was president of the Grand Rapids Bar Association in 1995- 96, Lalley decided to make legal services to the poor a top priority.
Over 50,000 legal cases were completed for the poor under Lalley.

On Saint-Martin, lingering over a seaside dinner is the preferred after-dark activity on the French side, where most lights go out by 9 or 10pm.
Younger visitors like to sneak out and go to beach raves on Saint-Martin.

And Tice was onto Sunbeam before almost anyone else.
Tice knew Sunbeam was working on a scam.

so it's kind of tough and they say that the driving tomorrow is supposed to be really bad in the afternoon
Tomorrow's events may cause some traffic congestion in the afternoon.

well it just so happens that my youngest is uh extremely sensitive uh where my oldest one uh you know i can scream at him and yell at him and he'll look at me with with
The oldest one used to be sensitive but after time grew numb to it.

but uh still i i question the ability of some of the teachers to uh really do a bang-up job and yet others i know are just wonderful
Teaching is a hard job to do well.

The man got his teeth.
The man's teeth are white.

oh they that was very very fortunate for them because that could have really been disastrous
That was really lucky because it could have been fatal.

a harassment in itself
Harassment is one of the worst things

They presented me with a theory of stellar evolution which I had to accept and which is more nearly valid than anything our own astronomy has ever been able to devise, if we except possible lost theories dating from Beforethewars.
They have advanced knowledge of the universe.

I should not like to say myself.
I don't think that is my business and don't want to talk about it.

5 percent, according to the Social Security Trustees' intermediate actuarial projections.
The actuarial projections tend to be within a percentage point of the actual value.

There, accompanying a story about politicians speaking their minds about other countries, you'll find a looming picture of Al Gore, cropped so close that none of his hair is visible and you can see the sweat that's bubbling out of every giant pore in his face.
The photograph of A Gore in the story was unflattering.

have no hope for solutions but um i do keep myself somewhat abreast of the issue i have worked with uh uh a little bit with refugees from Southeast Asia uh who've come over um you know to escape the genocide programs that are over there and seen you know heard about some of the problems that they've had and i'm also fairly sensitive to the issues about how open should the borders be because i in general like a smaller rather than a larger population to the land area and um
I like to keep myself aware of the issues due to the work that I have done. 

on their own and they don't really feel the family um closeness that we had when oh when i was growing up my my mother didn't work you know  and when she did uh a part time job she was there you know it wasn't like she
We were much closer to my mother because she didn't have to work.

it uh it's just really pretty with the snow and the ice and all of the lights not necessarily not the ice i should keep leave the ice out of it but the snow is real pretty
It's really pretty with the snow and ice and lights but I've only seen pictures.

Of course, in some sense Dunlap must think that growth is important, because otherwise he wouldn't have spent billions of dollars to buy Coleman and First Alert and Signature Brands.
Dunlap thinks that growth is very critical for the company.

Good job tenure, that is--because in yet another column, she sneers at Sara Davidson for working on Dr. Quinn, Medicine Woman . Why can't the silly creature get a perfect job like hers?
Sara Davidson is a wonderful author and a brilliant linguist.

Oh, honey, it's something adults do in bed.
You'll understand this better when you get older.

case study is to obtain as complete a picture as possible of what is going on in an instance, and why.
The case study is on the physics of falling animals.

For most families, real estate remains the most important asset-two-thirds of households owned their homes in 1998.
Real estate is usually the most expensive asset people own.

right yeah in fact um since Baltimore i see i'm not a  you don't know the Baltimore Baltimore's on the water and what
Baltimore is a large city located near a lake.

that's interesting i hadn't i hadn't run into anything quite that long or fortunately there
Let me know if you need any help with it.

An on-line version of this guidance, which will include tools that may help you in assessing reliability, is currently being developed.
An online version of the guidance will include tools that help assess reliability of new programs.

They reached A'deem's tent and entered.
They entered A'deem's tent to talk about the battle.

i understand oh yeah oh
I think I understand.

Recognizing the relationship between grid cell resolution and the certainty of results, we sought to estimate pollutant concentrations in more populated areas using higher resolution models.
We had little time left to spend estimating pollutant concentrations.

so i had to call Jack Godfrey today and ask him what it was because i i had to abort the call last evening because i couldn't get on the line
I just wanted him to answer my question to move on.

When Lugosi takes to the air it's in the form of a giant Asian fruit bat.
Lugosi can change into flying animals.

Even in the rain the houses burned.
The houses were burning due to Greek fire.

Using this information, LSC can learn how each applicant proposes to diminish client access barriers including cultural, geographic, and language barriers; how the applicant will engage clients with access barriers; the racial, ethnic and gender distribution of the applicant's staff; strategies used to recruit, retain, and promote diverse staff; training events that address diversity; and how the organization is building leadership that is diverse.
All of these applicants are social workers.

yeah that too i'm a lifelong member of the NRA i'm not as militant as i was when i was younger but i still firmly believe in the right to own and bear arms
i've been a member of the NRA since i got my first gun

As a funder and as an organization concerned with seeing that low-income people who struggle with critical civil legal emergencies such as evictions and domestic violence, have access to the justice system, LSC was not willing to accept the guide path to oblivion that some had designed for our future.
LSC will double the people that they serve per year for the next 5 years.

Tastefully refurbished, it can once again claim to be one of the finest avenues in the world.
It looked awful before, but the refurbishing helped a lot. 

48 Thus, it is expected that this worldwide supply will provide additional flexibility in meeting any significant increases in demand.
A surplus due to unexpected decrease in demand may be undesirable. 

How they had grown.
The children had grown up so fast. 

Sir James took in everything, but gave out only what he chose.
Sir James had learned this habit from his days in the military.

uh no no but i know somebody who does and that's how i got into this so but uh
That somebody is Tony Hawk, maybe you've heard of him, he's a famous artist.

i think if if he was uh healthy San Francisco would have stomped those guys it wouldn't have been much of a contest
San Francisco lost all their games because of his poor health.

Customs' strategic planning efforts now focus on the dramatic changes occurring in its external and internal environments and on the equally dramatic changes the agency will need to make in response.
Workers are not happy about the drastic changes that Customs will have to make.

The answers to these questions help them choose from a range of alternative CIO approaches.
The answers to the questions help them make a decision, so the help of the users is fundamental.

There was no other place for him, but he would have chosen to stay in any event.
This was where his friends lived, and he chose to stay because of them.

According to the Medicare Trustees' 2001 intermediate estimates, Medicare costs will grow at 1 percentage point above the growth in GDP per capita each year.
The estimates were made by looking over historic data.

Great developments TOMMY.
Tommy's developments will be of much use for registering a patent.

You just have to be interesting.
Being interesting is a must in order to be popular.

Evidently there was a likelihood of John Cavendish being acquitted. 
Cavendish is a monster and we can't allow this to happen.

Firm of Bush, Baker, Scowcroft, and Sununu Wins Another Big New Government  'We'll Forever Owe 'Em,' Official Explains.
A large prominent law firm won a case against the government, but there will be appeals , I am sure . Officials stated.

The participating lawyers say Ginsburg, a diehard Red Sox fan known for his trademark bow ties, is tough to turn down.
Many countrymen only know Ginsburg as a diehard Red Sox fan.

Surrounded by acres of farmland hewn from the hard desert, the adobe fort became a focal point for the development of Las Vegas for the next fifty years.
There is a lot of space in the United States for farming.

i don't see i don't think my phone really does that but every time i have this phone is a little weird i mean it's been dropped on the floor a hundred times
I've counted how many times I've dropped this phone on the floor.

The Palestinian Authority's massive security apparatus --more than 80,000 strong--appears to be somewhat out of Arafat's control.
The Palestinian Authority has the largest security apparatus of any nation.

To gain a better understanding of the layout of the ancient town, its streets, houses, shops, fountains, and theater, visit the museum on the Puymin hill.
This museum is a tourist destination to get a real sense of the town.

who do you think  the Dallas Cowboys
Sports team.

i've never been there hum-um
Yeah, I have never been there, but wouldn't mind going.

For admission to its two great mosques buy a ticket at the booth by the foot of the steps.
You can also buy tickets there for other exhibits.

In particular, the bust bears traces of three small swellings on the nasal corner of the left eye--swellings that are evident on the death mask as well.
The swelling imprinted was startling. 

right and and that's really what the Rangers need some some consistency you know outer starter
The Rangers would win if they had some consistency.

Garfield uh Garfield i want to say Garfield but that wasn't
I know Garfield is the wrong answer.

yeah i would think i would think a cave would be could have problems like that too
I think caves could have those problems even worse.

Specifically, we have identified 4 overall goals common to these leading organizations along with 11 practices that were critical to their ability to meet these goals.
The leading organizations have 4 overall goals in common.

they look like yeah they seem like a tennis ball but there also doesn't look like it's almost livable yeah but best it i i don't think i could i i could handle those tennis balls so what else to you tape besides American Gladiators at there anything else
I do not think I could handle anything from American Gladiators.  

Queen Victoria, who in the year 1876 would add the title Empress of India to her roll of honor, proclaimed that the Indian Civil Service would be open to  our subjects of whatever race and creed.  
Queen Victoria added the title Empress of India to her name and proclaimed that the Indian Civil Service would be open to all demographics except women.

okay if it the only thing that i was thinking about as far as having if you had one holdout out of say twelve
The other eleven holdouts are immaterial.

As he wandered about viewing cactus syrup, sweet, brown panocha-candy, fruit, dried meat, blankets, saddles, Drew was again aware of the almost strident color of this country.
Drew constantly forgot the color of his country.  

All traces of an ugly 19th-century attempt to balance it with a second tower have been removed.
The second tower stood for 100 years before it was demolished.

Here are the miles and miles of landscape that Jamaica conjures up in your dreams.
Jamaica has beautiful landscapes that you can dream about.

There would be no government second guessing and lengthy permit reviews.
The government cannot change their mind after the fiscal report is finalized.

Visit the Phare des Baleines, a lighthouse at the western end of the island (257 steps to the view at the top).
The lighthouse is 200 feet tall.

Hari Merdeka (National Day), which takes place on 31 August, is a national public holiday.
People do not have to work on Hari Merdeka.

This next little fact, no! 
The facts were all shared. 

Once the development is taken over, it's very difficult to take them back.
The process typically requires CEO involvement.

Let me out, I say! 
Unlock the door right way, I tell you!

There are two hypostyle halls with well-preserved papyrus columns and in the Corridor of the Kings in the southwest wing, you will find 76 cartouches listing Pharaohs throughout the ages.
The two hyptostyle halls lead to the Corridor of the Kings.

A narcotic taken with strychnine will delay the action of the poison for some hours." Poirot paused. 
The poison must be administered through food or water to be effective.

An article reports that five tits-and-action TV shows are following in the profitable footsteps of Pamela Anderson Lee's V.I.P.
There are more T&A shows in the works like V.I.P., which featured Pam Anderson Lee, and they will be successful.

When it comes to accountability, the establishment media have the biggest glass jaw in the world, and its pre-emptive atomic carpet bombing of Brill's Content only proves it.
Pre-emptive atomic carpet bombing of Brill's Content was a bad move for the establishment media.

By 2020 total energy use fell by 19% compared to the reference case.
The reference case saw total energy use fall by 50%.

yes my grandfather was a builder and so my parents always lived in houses that he built and then they knew they were getting a good deal so
My grandfather was a builder until he passed away.

yeah it's sort of a a rare select environment
It is a rare, select environment but I love it.

but they had not um either they had painted with the wrong kind of paint over top or they hadn't really roughed it up or whatever they would because it was woodwork so it looked as if it had been painted
They didn't know how to do it. 

Islam Comes to India
Hinduism declines in India.

People in Tokyo are in a hurry to get somewhere even if they don't always know precisely where they're going.
There is never a chance for travellers to slow down and take it easy in Tokyo.

and we uh got a quote on some laser printers the other day at six hundred
The laser printers are worth the six hundred dollars.

um the thing that Carter works on uh Habitat For Humanity i was involved in that was uh in Montgomery before i came up to North Carolina
Carter works for Habitat for Humanity and they build 100 houses a year!

The cover story maps a political agenda to engage the apathetic Generation  fiscal restraint, investment in education and training, and class-based affirmative action.
There is an apathy related to increasing our investment in education.

Nearby is Knowth an even larger and older complex which dates back to earliest neolithic times.
Knowth housed lots of soldiers.

Salinger wrote similar letters to other young female writers.
Salinger was a prolific writer.

Right of the triumphant Baroque high altar is a beautifully carved 15th-century lavabo (ritual basin) and a charming Madonna and Child by Bernardino Luini.
The high altar is gilded with silver and ivory, both imported from Rome.

yeah every year i try and catch that
I try to catch a fish every year.

At the other end of the canal is the second major temple on the path.
There are a total of five major and minor temples along the path.

A number of lion statues, the Terrace of the Lions, form a honor guard on the approach to the sacred lake.
The Terrace of Lions was built because the ruler like lions.  

Hillary cannot be there!
Hillary has to stay at home.

and that that's what they're for but i don't don't remember them and i think it's i think i can think of movies i have less fun during and then after the movie's over i remember it so terribly well because it it had some some meaning to me or something
Those movies hold the most meaning for me.

From Mailmen to Mormons
Back to mailmen after mormons

Israel is so compact you can cram enough variety of activities into a week to satisfy almost every taste.
Israel has so many things to do in such a small area that everyone will be happy.

But what Starr can do as a prosecutor and what he ought to do as a public servant differ.
Starr is known as a corrupt prosecutor who lets his opinions overrule laws.

Big Tobacco has lied at every step, denying the addictive properties of nicotine and the causal link between tobacco tar and cancer.
Cigarette companies have been denying links between tobacco and cancer for over 50 years.

yeah for twenty or thirty years or forever there's no
Long term leases are often much better value.

What had actually occurred was this. 
This had actually happened in the morning.

The music appears to have survived fundamentally from Moorish culture, though over the centuries it has accumulated a number of extraneous elements.
Modern Moorish music loses a bit of its originality due to vocal effects added in production.

While some tax incentives for education encourage households to accumulate assets such as U.S.
Some tax incentives for education only encourage rural households to accumulate assets.

He had given her a piercing glance before.
His glance had the ability to make her feel very small.

yeah i did it's just that uh there needs to be some some change take place so that the inertia can begin to go in a different direction and strike down
You end up going too fast in one direction if you don't change it every now and then.

The chauffeur slipped in his clutch, and with a bound the car started.
The chauffeur is a man with a limp.

Please, do you have an answer for these well-wishers that would not require giving them private and personal information?
The well-wishers already refused to give them the private and personal information.

Very interesting, he said, when she finished.
When she had stopped he immediately interjected with 'that's quite intriguing'.

Access to resources and records should be limited to authorized individuals, and accountability for their custody and use should be assigned and maintained.
By limiting access to just a few, it'll be easier to enforce accountability concerning the custody of the records and resources

Bill liked to explain that on normal software projects, the program manager is just  in charge of the program.
The program manager's work is to just yell at the software engineers to get the job done. 

Withdrawal may severely prejudice the clients' claim.
Withdrawal may happen if the client misses a court date, for example.

The article leaves the impression that Huffington is quite confused and a bit dull.
Huffington is a name of the newspaper.

Time 's O.J. cover goes inside the Brown/Goldman camp, revealing evidence that the plaintiffs didn't use, including a witness who saw O.J. demonstrate how to kill someone with a knife.
Time featured OJ on the cover with the words, "Guilty."

uh-huh do you enjoy mainly network news or like CNN
Do you like the coverage on network news or CNN more?

Suddenly an idea struck me. 
It was wrong. 

Witness Knight's ostentatious donation to the legal-defense fund of blue-collar skater/thug Tonya Harding.
Knight donated $100,000 to the fund.

no i sure haven't it's i think it's supposed to be nice though
It's supposed to be good weather.

Outraged at the threatened loss of a beautiful natural valley, a group of concerned individuals formed the Lake District Defense Association to protect the lakes environment from further destruction and to oppose commercial exploitation.
The Lake District Defense Association became a global non-profit which sought to protect lakes everywhere.

Predicting that he would get a lot of heat for treating the minister with respect, Novak said that Farrakhan was more measured and a lot less confrontational and provocative than a lot of the politicians we talk to regularly on this program.
Farrakhan is a controversial figure to Novak's intended audience.

He will be thrilled to know that a New York lawyer, by the name of Richard Fishbein, has sued an eatery (Angelo &amp; Maxie's) for $7 million for holding him hostage when he refused to pay the 18 percent service charge added to his bill.
Fishbein is the most famous NY attorney.

oh wow how exciting
Oh wow, I envy you.

I thought to myself, 'This is incredible' ...It totally fell into our lap.
I couldn't believe our group had been awarded the grant. 

not not much i'm twenty eight so no i really don't remember anything about it i guess i was about ten when it ended right
I have a bad memory of that time period and try not to think about it.

Over a period of many centuries crucial in Spanish history, Madrid's significance was negligible.
The Spanish had many cities that were important to their history. 

 Could we have a table?
We need a table.

yeah you're right you're right because mine goes from seventeen to nineteen yeah
My thermostat goes from 17 to 19.

Starr has yet to deliver his report on Whitewater, Filegate, and other nonsexual scandals, which no doubt will accuse Clinton of lying and covering up those matters as well.
The claims in Filegate may have been exaggerated and Clinton might have been telling the truth about it.

yeah well it all depends on what the rapids are like
The rapids are usually stronger.

The FDA examined the final rule as prescribed by the Act and found that no mandate will be imposed on State, local or tribal governments and it believes that the burden on the private sector will be below the $100 million annual expenditure level to require compliance with the Act.
The burden of the private sector will be below $100 million.

Determine whether the agency reimburses contractors for participating in benchmarking or other testing, and whether the cost of such performance evaluation efforts constitutes a barrier to competition.
The cost of such performance totals over three hundred thousand dollars.

Irishman Samuel Beckett happily wrote plays in French.
Samuel Becket wrote a few plays in French due to his love of the language.

This one's name was Popeye, and he was a gelding.
Popeye had been a gelding all of his life.

well no basketball is you know Michigan won it last year
Michigan beat UCLA last year.

well i think Bush done screwed up
I think Bush made the greatest mistake of his life.

And then oh, well, the French, for instance, are much more sensible in the way they look at things.
French children are taught to be very methodical when making decisions.

From estimated annual household postage expenditures in 1994 are approximately $5 billion, which implies a 2.7 percent reduction in annual aggregate expenditures or approximately a $135 million reduction in annual revenues from household sales, holding all else constant.
The constant change can be attributed to the steady rise in competition.

Then, when Margo was giving a tour of the city's murals to then-Texas first lady Laura Bush, they stopped at the home and Bush met Subia's wife, Mickie.
Subia's wife was a polite and respectful woman.

and ready to move from integration to demonstration, the design had to be demonstrated, at least 90 percent of the engineering drawings had to be completed, design reviews had to be completed, and stakeholders had to agree the design was complete and producible.
Coffee runs and dinners at the office have been common place during this busy time.

At least, this is what I tell Italian-Americans who write me incredibly nasty letters when my mob stories appear.
I never reply the letters from the Italian-Americans.

Thorn kicked again and the horse exploded into action.
The horse exploded into action when Thorn kicked again with his spurred boots.

Eligible aliens in the unrestricted categories seek legal assistance at any time and in a manner similar to the U.S. citizen population.
Unrestricted aliens can get legal help just as easy as citizens.

What will you do in the caves? asked Adrin.
Someone planned on hiding in the caves.

His tanks and fighter planes crushed a budding Kurdish resistance movement.
His tanks and fighter planes killed many people during the Kurdish resistance movement.

A profile of Steve Jurvetson, the 33-year-old venture capitalist who seeds Internet startups, predicts he will prosper even though Internet IPOs no longer promise exponential returns.
He has been a venture capitalist since age 24

Many Indians remained and established small farms in the FWI, their descendants becoming an important and colorful segment of the population (see box, page 42).
Indians never felt the need to leave FWI as they have already raised a family there. 

She's a lady's maid, as far as I remember, so probably won't be there, and, anyway, she's not likely."
The maid has somewhere else to be.

Some of the original graffiti can still be seen in the prisons, one of which held Casanova for 15 months in 1755 before he escaped.
Most of the original graffiti are not visible as they gradually get covered by more and more new graffiti through the years.

Over this amazing cornucopia presides Emperor Akihito.
The Emperor Akihito rules over this cornucopia which is filled with blueberries.

Thompson is no longer Hunter S.  He performs a Hunter S. Thompson routine.
Hunter S. Thompson is the name listed on his birth certificate. 

Just hunt carefully.
There are bears and wolves out there!

oh serious
Oh not a comedy.

'Which is why we'll be assigning you a specialist handler for your mission.'
The reason you have been given a handler is because we think you are incompetent. 

The problem is that Kodak really had little evidence to show that it was being frozen out by the Japanese government . There was the retail-stores law, and Kodak produced evidence of state intervention to restrict imports, but it was evidence from the 1960s and 1970s.
The 1960s and 1970s was a more difficult time for Kodak.

Keyes' answer didn't precisely address the question, but which was more interesting and enlightening?
Keyes intentionally avoided directly addressing the question.

Programs were requested to develop plans to coordinate and integrate their work in seven important areas--enhancing client access and efficiency in delivering high quality legal assistance; using technology to expand access and enhance services; promoting client self-help and preventive legal education and advice; coordinating legal work and training; collaborating with the private bar; expanding resources to support legal services; and designing a system configuration that enhances client services, reduces barriers and operates efficiently and effectively.
Programs are needed to help poor clients have better access to legal help.

On the square's eastern side a small neoclassical temple, El Templete, marks the spot where the first Catholic mass was celebrated in 1519.
El Templete was where the first Catholic mass was celebrated in 1519 and it remains an important place to this day.

Forfeitures.
Unavoidable defaults

Critics credit the independence of cable with allowing what broadcast networks won' four-letter words, grotesque violence, abundant male nudity.
Critics like that cable TV gives viewers indepence to watch what they like. 

As Melville pointed out, if a sperm whale can spend more than an hour swimming at depths of up to 6,000 feet, and a sperm whale is composed mostly of gas (air-filled lungs and blubber), then Boyle's law would dictate that, as Spruch puts it, a whale of regulation size at the surface should, at the pressures a thousand fathoms down, decrease its volume to the size of a bathtub!
A sperm whale goes deeper than any other whale.

thank you i think we might have just screwed up the computer but we'll find out
I am sure we will find out what the problem is.

International Standards Some large A/E firms have secured ISO 9000 certification as a quality Organization (ISO) 9000 control activity.
An ISO is required in order for them to continue business. 

The simulation is not a prediction of what will happen in the future.
The simulation is just an example of the scenario that could unfold.

Although the details are kept private, it is well known that many private-sector firms set rates via contracts with selected customers.
The contracts are renewed annually.

The trick was getting exactly the right balance.
It was hard to balance.

Increased Particulate Air Pollution and the Triggering of Myocardial Infarction.
Myocardial Infarction is Triggered

that's what you would think but i kind of i that's i you know i heard it through the grapevine so i don't i don't know firsthand but that's what i heard was that it was just
People have been talking about that here, and they're pretty sure that's how it is.

There are both day trips and overnight tours to observation-hides, from where you can watch for wildlife visiting nearby salt-licks and watering holes.
The day trips are fun and eye-opening.

Luckily I haven't got your craving for crime! 
I don't have your craving for crime! Said the daughter.

If you would like more information, you should go to the site that is actually handling this  www.rtmark.com.
Their business is a company with good notoriety.

and i think that would be wonderful too
I think it would be wonderful to go to Paris.

You had better go to bed.
It's getting pretty late, so you should go to sleep. 

His muscles cracked and loosened.
His muscles were getting a workout.

At the bottom of the church is the starting point for the island's best-known attraction, the Carrinhos de Monte the unique roller-coaster ride down the hill aboard a wicker toboggan .
The church holds services every day and twice a day on weekends.

During the Cold War, liberals shunned military intervention--even humanitarian military intervention--because such adventurism could provoke conflict with the Soviets and tended to buttress thuggish right-wingers.
The Soviets would have waged full war if military intervention had happened during the Cold War.

I can't recall the exact words, but I'm pretty sure they were along familiar lines.
I think that was paraphrased well about what he spoke about.

and i drove through Atlanta uh couple of weeks ago and it was unseasonably warm and you could see the smog just sitting on top of the city
I'm worried about the pollution in Atlanta after I saw all the smog last time I drove through it. 

Start perhaps with an evening ride along the open-air restaurants on Jalan Taman, better known as Glutton's Corner.
These open air restaurants serve food of various cuisines. 

But he'll be back, we hope, either with Varnish Remover or some new feature, closer to next fall's elections.
We hope he'll be back closer to next fall's elections, but we don't know if he will.

Imagine Starr doesn't tell Clinton about a positive test result.
Starr might not tell Clinton about the positive STD result.

Although the named client is usually an adult, most LSC cases also involve and benefit children.
Several LSC clients have three or more children.

This is the decisive distinction.
This is our conclusion.

Areport from Phnom Penh in the South China Morning Post quoted the Cambodian Ministry of Health as saying that traffic accidents now outstripped land mine and other war-related injuries as a major cause of death in Cambodia.
There are more traffic accidents in Cambodia than there were in the past.

um you know different things is it restricted to certain crimes or just
Some things are applied to certain rules of certain crimes

It was over! And despite the imminent corporal punishment, Red felt something like a load fall from him.
Red was being punished for cheating on a test.

In the federal government, implementation of this process will likely not be easy or quick.
They made it tedious and difficult on purpose to toy with people. 

I think our country deserves a president who, when he makes a mistake, is willing to acknowledge it and willing to learn from it, because I believe that the presidency is not an academic exercise.
I do not approve of the current president.

Saint-Tropez
Saint-Tropez is a locality and French commune located in the department of Var, in the region of Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur.

not yet not yet at all
It will be coming later.

Thus, we have household diary data for ten years, which we use for this analysis.
We us the household diary data for our analysis of GDP. 

Having ignored him throughout the campaign, Gore has decided--at a moment oozing with political expediency--to reverse course, demand an open exchange, and cast himself as the idealist.
Gore wanted to depate for all to see.

so they just want black and white ones and see we can just run them through the laser printer real quick
The black and white ones are easier to run through the printer.

On-camera interviews for television news programs are done only on request and only when GAO deems them appropriate for public understanding of the facts, findings, conclusions, and recommendations of GAO products.
On-camera interviews are the most common form of helping the public understand facts.

The agency should receive proposals, evaluate the technical and cost merits of different proposals, negotiate with contractors, and award a contract in accordance with a source selection plan developed before release of the RFP.
Agencies don't like the burden of receiving and sorting the proposals they receive.

Indian agricultural products soon found new markets in Europe when the Suez Canal was opened in 1869.
Indian agricultural products were previously only domestic.

Having conditioned its audience to view IQ as all-important, The Bell Curve then manipulates statistics in a way that makes IQ look bigger, and everything else smaller, in determining Americans' life-chances.
The Bell Curve may be responsible for the altered perception, though it may be founded in some truth and fact.

If that's censorship, so be it (Bill Reel, Newsday ). (Click here to read Jon Robin Baitz's take on the controversy in Slate 's Diary.
Let censorship be, said Bill Reel, even though others don't agree.

She said, "He's taken most of the chopped meat."
The cook was upset because there was not enough meat to cook with.

However, the final rule does impose a mandate that may result in the expenditure of $100 million or more in any one year on the private sector.
Expenditure of $100 million on the private sector is merely a small dent in their finances.

We don't expect badinage from the Pillsbury Doughboy or banter from Betty Crocker.
Pillsbury Doughboy or Betty Crocker are made even more popular by ads.

yeah well that was uh that was a short stroke engine it could really wind up
It was able to start up pretty quickly.

Mother Redcap's Tavern (Back Lane, off High Street) is a big, relaxed place with live music.
Mother Redcap's Tavern is a perfect place for weddings and other.festivities.

Jon spun and got behind the man, planting his off-hand dagger in the big man's side.
The big man let out a yelp and fell to his knees.

 "Come with me, Dave Hanson," Ser Perth ordered, without wasting words.
Dave nodded and listened. 

In the upstairs picture galleries, the dukes' close links with the Flemish masters of their day are illustrated by works such as the fine Nativit?? of the anonymous Ma?®tre de Fl??malle and Dierick Bouts's Tate de Christ.
The upstairs galleries have 17 different artists represented.

and you can always you can always heat it up again and save you know
Leftovers are great for lunch the next day.

For further discussion of the Medicare Trustees' 2001 estimates, see
The Medical Trustees don't appear to be concerned about the 2001 estimates.

Why don't you give me one?
Why don't you give me a good slap on my butt.

Bob Barr, the conservative Republican congressman from Georgia, is asking questions about the Legal Services Corp.
Georgia Republican Bob Barr is interested in the Legal Services Corp.

yeah both New York teams
The two football teams from New York.

The Minoans developed an alphabet and printing method, along with sophisticated plumbing and water delivery systems.
The Minoans were quite developed for their time.

Ride in a horse-drawn carriage along the Corniche next to the Nile at Luxor or Aswan this high vantage point gives children a great view of what's happening.
The Corniche next to the Nile at Luxor is the only place with a good view.

He was wrong and likely saved Adrin's life.
Adrin's life was saved by his best friend.

oh so that's why we're getting all these Dallas people that's what i figured but
They all want to participate in it. 

we get maybe all winter long we might end up with twenty five days of really cold weather and of those by the time it gets lunch time as as long as the wind's not blowing it's bearable
The cold weather during winter will only reach around 10-15 degrees Fahrenheit.

The rats helped Derry out, and in return she sheltered them from the reptilian predators outside.
The rats helped Derry scavenge food.

Other companies, such as Cognisoft, take this same approach to corporate intranets (internal networks), hoping that push technology will be even more useful in distributing the right information to the right employees.
Cognisoft helps develop and maintain networks.

um-hum yeah i end up well yeah i mean i do a lot of like even weekender kind of things i go out for just one or two nights uh it's not my favorite thing but i can do it a lot more often so like over at the uh particularly in the uh the fall and spring when the insects haven't come out yet uh where they're already gone uh you know i spend almost every weekend up in the mountains and i guess i live about five hours away from some place to go hiking where i am now
I prefer camping in the spring compared to the fall.

Mohammed credits the American Civil Liberties Union (ACLU) with helping to find lawyers to take cases but says he's frustrated that other groups, including the American Immigration Lawyers Association (AILA) haven't acted faster to organize pro bono representation.
Mohammad gives of his time pro bono to represent poor clients.  

Crummock Water lies in the shadow of dramatic Mellbreak Peak.
The shadow ruins the atmosphere of the water.

Look northwest from here and you will see a much more impressive sight in the distance.
You can only see the sight during the day.

Look for the two sculptures of amorous couples on the ceiling.
The sculptures on the ceiling are hard to spot unless you know where to look.

The method was the specification of a common set of data (both qualitative and quantitative) to be collected over a 5-year period as projects were initiated, together with a means of coding the data across the 47 studies eventually completed.
They had a way to code the data and put it in tables.

That's how he absorbed and finessed Israeli and Palestinian demands in the Middle East peace process.
He finessed Israel's demands in the Middle East to make his government happier.

The New Republic 's Robert Brustein says the Tony-winning adaptation of A Doll's House is driven by fashionable agendas ...
A Doll's House is also driven by motivation.

but it was an interesting uh uh line of reasoning where we've always thought or been told especially by the for lack of a better term women's libber you know we're just the same as men well maybe not and and maybe you shouldn't be exposed to the stress the same way that men have
Woman tend to be more stressed out than men.

yeah i don't think that some people i don't think have uh a year in them to volunteer if you know what i mean they're not worth it
Some people don't feel that it is worth it to volunteer.

He couldn't see that the difference was going to help much.
He thought that the difference could not be adjusted.

quite a lot um it's not it doesn't usually damage any businesses or anything but you can't get off of thirty five to um
It is impossible to get off of thirty five. 

You've been too darned close about the whole business, Julius accused him.
Julius had always preferred that he kept his distance from the business.

A whipmaster fell a great distance away.
The whipmaster fell off his horse a great distance away.

Yes, sir, Mr. Inglethorp did so.
Sir, it's true that Mr. Inglethorp was involved in that incident.

Most comic! 
Sort of funny.

The glow of that happy discovery can last for years, as Nathan Myrhvold explained and simultaneously demonstrated in a recent Slate . These are folks lucky enough to be able to choose their careers and to have a good shot at success at whatever they choose.
A recent study by Nathan Myrhvold proved that these folks also make good choices when it comes to relationships.

 Lombards invade Milan and much of Italy; Venice founded on lagoon
Italy was given a chance to cooperate with the invasion.

I do not know.
I am unsure due to the nature of the scenario.

Because parts of Long Bay beach are public, you'll meet many local people here, probably more than in any other resort area in Jamaica.
Most people on Long Bay beach are friendly but beware of pickpockets.

yeah i think i can agree with that too
I think I can agree with what you're saying about trains.

Here in the 17th century the first French landing party under Duplessis ran into violent and unfriendly Caribs.
The conflict with the Caribs left multiple casualties on both sides.

The diving and snorkeling opportunities along the reef wall here are said to be the best in Jamaica.
The underwater sports, like diving, are better at this location than anywhere else in Jamaica.

oh that is a wonderful movie
I think that movie is interesting

This all happened in real life--although the Rockettes weren't the real Rockettes and neither was the choir.
The choir was originally slated to play in virtual reality.

Follow the stairs at the right of the entrance to the room where the Virgin Mary slept.
The room is small and quaint, but feels powerful.

and they're and i don't know the welfare system is just so abused
Too many people take advantage.

Referring people to other organizations that can help them is a crucial service that most legal aid programs provide.
Getting clients social services and employment aid is often a task of legal aid programs.

Fourth, we need to obtain the domestic postage rates for New Zealand and Israel, the only significant outbound IC mail flows omitted from this analysis.
Mail doesn't go to Israel 

the top speed of the wind but it it did manage to take all our tents out
We should have used more stakes to tie down our tents.

She's dead.
He happily declared, she is dead

I know a man, but he is not cheap.
I know a man that costs $10,000.

well that's right and we never have signed up for those i just haven't been interested in what they generally have on and
We think what they show on their channels is boring.

So their ability to move stock prices--which, in theory, encourage efficient capital allocation--is troubling.
The illuminati is controlling the stock prices. 

In a column lampooning Pat Buchanan, Royko wrote that Mexico was a useless country that should be invaded and turned over to Club Med.
Royko was joking in his words about Mexico but Buchanan actually took the ideas seriously.

um-hum which which seems so awful
It is really the worst

If they come back tonight we let them have it, burn it, and wonder what ghosts had cut them so hard.
We must let them take what they can, if they do choose to return.

Mandrakes and mandrake-men, zombie-men, from the past and multiple revivals!
Things and magic from the ancient spirit worlds.

If a Milosevic knew with reasonable certainty that ethnic cleansing would be prevented and punished, he might not attempt it.
Some Milosevics are committed to ethnic cleansing regardless of the punishment. 

(Note the defiant man.
Note the defiant man, he is dangerous. 

so you know i i like the concept they've got now where they have more directed education you know you you pick a career path or you get counseling earlier and then you you learn the things that help you rather than spending four years learning the same things over and over
Directed education is better for getting students ready for jobs.

My father was loyal, and the IRS cannot impound that legacy.
The IRS has been attempting to dishonor my father.

all right i i think our experience of camping is i i am the the passive member i get things ready and then i enjoy
I love to go camping with my family.

you know but it's i tell you it's it's really uh it's tough to uh to deal with when you let your your balances build up you know so that it it's
It's always tough to deal with high balances and paying them off. 

Purists say the Cete d'Azur reaches from Cannes to Menton, including only the original, more expensive resort towns of Juan-les-Pins, Antibes, Nice, and Monte-Carlo.
This is to drive up their own property values and tourism revenues.

And for , the person who wants to keep weight off but can't control what's served at dinner parties, it's only good manners to eat what your host serves you--with gusto and gratitude.
Those who are trying to lose weight should avoid dinner parties.

There was one fairly small pair of pliers, a small pick and assorted useless junk.
there was only one pair of pliers.

I swear, within an hour, the building was ours.
Not even an hour had gone by and all of the students had already cleared from the building. 

The best way to learn about Old Jaffa is to join a free guided walking tour each Wednesday morning (meet at 9:30 a.m. by the landmark Clock Tower on Yefet Street).
The Old Jaffa tour is over 2 hours long.

um fair i don't know the Phillies are so uh unpredictable
You don't know what the Phillies will do, so you gotta wait and watch.

you would have thought the guy was just pure as the driven snow but i happen to know his background and i know that he would have sold out his mother for uh uh shorter sentence
I used to commit crimes with him back in the day, I know what he's like.

The main reason I only bought one or two was I knew that after playing them I would generally be stuck with them.
I only bought one or two packs of Magic: The Gathering playing cards and no one I knew played so I couldn't trade any of them.

The obvious targets of the sweepingly vague amendment are clinics offering confidential medical services, and schools providing sex-ed classes and suspicious curricula and books.
The amendment is designed to prevent good sex education.

Yet, even for those agencies that are not being integrated into DHS, there remains a very real need and possibly a unique opportunity to rethink approaches and priorities to enable them to better target their resources to address our most urgent needs.
The agencies which are integrated into DHS will have to target their urgent needs. 

Those who didn't escape were executed or sold into slavery.
None of those who escaped were executed or sold into slavery.

You're getting it, said Jon.
Jon said the person would get it right now.

Daughter-in-Law
The daughter-in-law is not happy to live there.

Along this elegant avenue is Government House, a modest pink palace.
The House is a particularly bold shade of pink since they repainted it last month.

Some mailers, however, will convert flats into letters.
Some mailers are for flats and cost $3.

There was a certain bulldog tenacity about Tommy that made him slow to admit defeat.
Tommy's bulldog tenacity got him in trouble often.

Drew then reached across the bony back of the mule, pressed his hand up and down the sweaty, shivering hide of the black.
Drew had a mule with him and he rode it.

Rode a far piece then, Fenner commented.
Fenner commented on what happened because he knew what it was about.

It is the centerpiece of the annual music festival, here in June (see below).
The weather this year will convince most people to wear shorts at the festival.

It is necessarily a sloppy process that injects another arbitrary standard into an already arbitrary decision-making process.
These standards, while arbitrary, are necessary in order to create a fair system.

Such a machine might have an optical character reader and might put on a barcode.
The optical character reader is the most expensive part of the machine.

He has that delightful early Victorian view that short skirts and smoking are immoral.
He also believes that bare arms are immoral. 

It's the truth, miss.
It's very believable.

Mrs. Cavendish, therefore, made her plans as only a woman driven desperate through jealousy could have done. 
Mrs. Cavendish's desperation meant that her plans were half-baked.

Page predicted that no breakthrough would emerge from Kyoto because Stuart Eisenstat was attending as lead U.S. representative instead of Gore.
Page did not predict a breakthrough because the U.S. representative was a Republican. 

Washington's state planning has been led by the Access to Justice Board.
The Board wants everyone to be well represented.

Flashes of blue tore through the room- my own little thunderstorm.
There was lightning inside.

The fact that he felt the need to say this suggests he still doesn't fully believe it.
Because he held back, it shows that he doesn't believe it at all.

You can also order a CD.
It is currently available on many media storage formats.

yeah that's probably true i've got a live oak in front uh i i really like the oaks a lot
I really like having oak trees in front because they shade my yard

The data elements used in this study  the number of addresses served; the number of stops; (for city carriers only) volume per address, and address per kilometer (for rural carriers only).
Gathering this information took roughly 4 weeks at 8 hours per day.

Babies, especially preemies, are more relaxed, have better digestion, and are generally happier when they are massaged.
Babies love it when their legs are massaged. 

This is stuff that defies analysis.
These type of lies do not need analysis. 

A final British rally against Puerto Rico came in 1797.
Puerto Rico repelled the British Rally.

huh-uh huh-uh i cook mine well do you have a uh like a black iron skillet
I use a black iron skillet, and they always turn out well. 

oh Lord right yeah i i saw the first one and i i thought that was you know pretty humorous
I would watch the first one a hundred times and still laugh hard.

These controls are designed to prevent employees from selecting certain carriers to earn miles or otherwise undercutting the government's negotiated fare agreements with major carriers.
These controls have helped businesses and internal revenue.

evaluation but right right and that i'm sure that would make a big difference too
THat would change a lot of things in the schools.

Poirot smiled kindly on me. 
Poirot smiled at me with warmth.

There, from midnight on, Cuba's very best salsa bands perform (dancing is very much in order), and jazz artists entertain drinkers in the adjacent bar from Thursday to Sunday from 9pm.
Cuba has great salsa bands and salsa is very popular.

However, as we moved to address the Board's mandate, we quickly realized that the creation of a world-class delivery system involved more than state planning, per se.
We wanted to address the Board's mandate but it was going to be difficult to get the state to agree.

GAO's policy is that senior executives with the broadest knowledge of a completed assignment do such interviews.
GAO is only good to senior executives 

But then for a whole range of reasons, the case might not be heard until late in the afternoon - if at all that day.
The reasons for the delays often don't seem proportionate in light of the urgency of the case.

right you can't just wear your sweats and an old T-shirt and
You can't just wear sweats and an old T-shirt to the dance.

no i i guess if you make money at it it becomes a vocation then
I guess if you are being paid to do it it becomes more like a vocation.

In 622 Islam was born, according to the teachings of the prophet Mohammed.
Mohammed focused solely on Islam in his teachings.

and you didn't even and the what the manager the manager won't even do anything
Management is useless. 

There are also souvenir stands, benches for a rest, and perhaps Hong Kong's last surviving rickshaws however these are not for rides, but are a tourist photo opportunity.
The rickshaws used to be used for transportation around Hong Kong.  

For example, a household could transfer amounts from existing assets to get the government match and then increase consumption in response to its increased wealth.
People have very few liquid assets nowadays because of the recession.

The composer and multimedia performer Laurie Anderson now calls herself a content 
Laurie Anderson didn't like being known as a composer and performer, thus inciting the change.

At the southern end of the Old City the hill of Mount Zion stands out, crowned by the conical roof of the Dormition Abbey.
The roof of the Abbey vies for the attention from the hill.

Memorials in the Square du Canada and the beautiful Canadian Cemetery in nearby Hautot-sur-Mer commemorate the courageous but abortive Canadian raid on Nazi-held Dieppe on August 19, 1942.
The Canadian Cemetery in Hautot-sur-Mer still receives many visitors every year.

Many dishes originated in the kitchens of the Ottoman sultans in the time of S??leyman the Magnificent there were more than 150 recipes for aubergines alone.
They made delicious and healthy food in those kitchens. 

He is the Mr. Magoo of scientific theory, genially oblivious to everything he can't or won't see (Daniel Mendelsohn, the New York Observer ). (In Slate , Steven Pinker praises the book.
He is oblivious to things he can't see and can't test.

are they i i have never i've never been
I've never been but I've always wanted to go

Another example is the banking crisis, which grew to globally alarming proportions over an eight-year period before the government even admitted a problem existed.
The banking crisis was happening for a long time before it was admitted, which worsened the impact.

Hispanic Americans comprise the largest ethnic group of all, with numbers fast approaching 40 percent of the population.
Hispanic Americans number at around 180 million individuals in 90 million households.

Not serious enough to be permanently debilitating, not mild enough to shrug off in a day or two
The break up wasn't permanently debilitating, but it wasn't easy to shake off either. 

oh i could imagine
I could see that. 

yeah pretty much and uh there's never really any any oh i remember in school there's just seem like there was a fight or a party or something going on every night you don't run into that up here i think i think because there's so many uh professional people if you want to call them that
There isn't every any parties or fights here because everyone is too professional. 

um i guess you could technically consider that profit sharing um but um most you know most medium or small probably don't do that much profit sharing and while i was at this other corporation they never had any profit so
Profit sharing isn't a very effective means of motivating employees.

The New York City legal services program is undergoing a radical restructuring at the prompting of the federal Legal Services Corporation.
The New York City legal services program has been corrupted by ties to the Mafia.

Sit down in that armchair, and tell me the whole story with as few fancy turns of speech as possible." Mr. Hersheimmer obeyed.
Sit down in that chair next to the window, and tell me the whole story with as few embellishments as possible." Mr. Hersheimmer obeyed.

over the regular gym i mean give me a break i mean the the the kids sit there and they drink and they drink Cokes and eat popcorn for for for lunch for lunch and then go out there and lift weights
They don't spend enough time in the gym.

Caution is warranted before committing the anticipated surpluses to permanent changes on either the revenue or spending side.
Caution is warranted before committing the anticipated surpluses to permanent changes on either the revenue or spending side of things.

However, these values are not as defensible and are thus presented only as a sensitivity calculation.
These values would require more lawyers and business workers to help defend them.

the the the big problem i guess with the the mass media is you know uh you don't have time to educate the public on these matters because the public is not going to sit still and  soak the message in
The public has no interested in being educated by the mass media.

The best program directors in America are the ones that are able to adjust to the reality of the time, Kleiman said.
Kleiman has no opinion on British program directors.

However, the message board remains one of its more compelling features.
The message board is the best part of the site.

and i feel i feel like it's really just within the United States it's um it's okay i think your record should stand for itself that you know if you've been tested at other companies and you've always come up negative or whatever then i don't see what the big deal is that they have to go to all the expense of testing you over and over and over and once you've established the fact that you're not a drug user and
I think if you got tested before and it was negative, they should just let it go because it's a waste of time.

At the entrance to the South Pier is the nine-story Silk Ceter Building.
The Silk Ceter Building is among the tallest near the South Pier.

Spain has always been famously rich in hunting and shooting possibilities, from wolf to wild boar though the Costa Blanca is hardly the place for it.
One can also hunt bears in Spain. 

The master was Cole 
The master of the house was known as Cole.

and go up there fairly often sometimes we get a lot of people together to do it
We go up to Big Bear to see the sights.

um-hum right and then the family home evening too
I agree nights at home with the family are important. 

yeah that's uh that's kind of the way i was when i started school i was in Midland and when i was looking for things and and and what i would probably recommend to other people was something that i was comfortable with and i wasn't quite ready to be a long ways off
I was uncomfortable with the idea of going far away, but others might find it okay, then that's within their comfort zone. 

There is also a small museum here with uniforms, military hardware, and maps illustrating the battle plans and tactics of this most grueling theater of war.
The museum is visited by throngs of tourists every day. 

  The annual investment34 made in the year ended on the balance sheet date as well as in each of the 4 years preceding that year shall be reported.
The balance sheet is crucial for creating the report.

(If you're not willing to pay $22 wait a few months until the online market is only going for $16.)
The market price is expensive right now.

Doing Field  Warnings and
Not doing field warnings. 

oh think it's a eighty nine
Each car changes drastically with the change in model number. 

Crete's years spent under the Turks (1669-1898) constituted a period of cultural and economic stagnation.
It took another 30 years after Turk rule ended for the economy to begin to grow.

Mieszko's son Boleslaw The Brave was crowned by Otto III, the Holy Roman Emperor.
Boleslaw the Brave was the son of Mieszko. 

Her main defense of the disappointing Phantom Menace ? It's only a movie.
She defended Phantom Menace saying it was only a movie, but everyone knew she was wrong.

History wants movements, tendencies, collective motion; Stauffenberg is merely Stauffenbergian.
Stauffenberg looks at history in a different way.

What happens to an artist whose characters refuse to cooperate?
What happens when a pop artist's character refuses to cooperate.

The theory predicts that anticipated wealth changes would not affect planned lifetime spending.
The theory is correct.

Jon led them through the warrior district.
Jon led them through the district on horseback.

Figure 2: Decision Process for Determining If a Data Reliability Assessment Is Required
Mandatory means something is required, the decision process is required, therefore it is mandatory.

It doesn't matter." The old man sighed, and for a moment the eyes were shrouded in speculation, as if he were following some strange by-ways of his own thoughts.
The old man sighed and fell quiet as he tried to see the future.

There are in fact dozens of underground limestone vaults attracting botanists and zoologists to witness their unique flora and fauna, but only three caves are open to the general public.
Not all the caves have been excavated properly yet.

Performance audits also may encompass a broad or narrow scope of work and a variety of methodologies; involve a level of analysis, research, or evaluation; generally provide conclusions and recommendations; and result in a report.
You will get a raise for a good performance. 

i'd have to check into something like that because i mean we don't drink a whole lot of soda around here you know but um
I have been trying to drink more water. 

Dave had noticed that the last winter in Chicago had definitely shown that Uncle David's predictions were coming true.
Dave noticed that Uncle David's prediction about the winter in Chicago were coming true after he looked out the window.

The number of total accesses by the two firms will, however, be greater than the total experienced by the incumbent alone.
The two firms have a greater number of accesses than the incumbent.

So such a bandido as this Kitchell, he could take horses, good, trained horses maybe from the army and he would run them south.
In the south he could sell the horses for a good profit. 

and since i hate the French anyway
I've never been a fan of French people or style. 

But could other teachers follow his example?
Is it possible that other teachers followed his example because he was a natural leader?

No, I'm not suggesting that the last provision I mentioned be drop from any future bill.
I'm suggesting that we should order smaller provisions in the future, because a lot of it goes to waste anyway.

Vacationers come for the great diving, windsurfing, and other watersports.
The vacation spot is next to a sea. 

Second, the average weight per piece was 6.9 ounces in FY 2000.
The average weight per piece was 6 ounces in 1999.

Gentilello said he has long supported placing a priority on research in this area.
Gentilello feels that research in this area would produce favorable financial return. 

You are not attending to what I say."
You're just talking to yourself and not listening to what I'm saying.

Figure 2.2 breaks net national saving down into components.
Figure 2.2 shows the 2 major components of national saving.

The revenue from forfeiture is nonexchange revenue, because the Government seizes the property through the exercise of its power.
The government seizes property on a regular basis.

No? said Whittington softly.
Whittington spoke softly as not to wake anyone.

The quaint carved figures of Calendura and Calendureta ring the hours and quarter hours, as they have done since 1759.
It is located at the exact center of town.

The Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 provides for additional enforcement authority for both the SEC and the newly created PCAOB.
The PCAOB and the SEC were both thrilled with the additional authority provided by the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.

We found that leading results-oriented organizations consistently strive to ensure that their day-to-day activities support their organizational missions and move them closer to accomplishing their strategic goals.
A top-down approach to consistently setting standards ensures companies are working toward accomplishing their goals.

He was allowed to return to the city in 1330 provided that he remained a monk at Chora, which he did, living out the last years of his life surrounded by the magnificent works of art he had commissioned.
He had been exiled before, but was allowed back because of his excellent service earlier in life.

huh and i don't want to go with those canvas bags right now i'm sorry i'm not that European
I wouldn't be caught dead carrying one of those recycling canvas bags to the store, too European for my tastes.

The secret of these fish is so well kept that no emperor has dared to take control lest this secret become lost.
The fish were worth more money than the emperors could ever imagine. 

Ongoing rate day coverage of traders waiting, guessing, floating rumors, cursing, waiting.
A daily ongoing coverage of traders, said the lawyer.

that's all there is to it but the players and stuff they finally quit giving away the really good players and started keeping them too because we had some you remember when Archie Manning was a quarterback
We really should focus on our top players.

um-hum i i didn't have that exper ience i i don't have cable so i i'm pretty much limited to PBS which i thought i thought they did a very good job
I am good with just having PBS.

and um called food um what's it called i forgot what it's called  anyway and and lemon
I forgot what it's called but it's an european dish.

The island is aligned almost east-to-west in the water so that sunrise wakes the eastern tip, proceeds to caress the length of the island, and kisses the western tip  good night.  
The island is constantly in the sun.

The New And Improved Business Analyst.
The old Business Analyst was obsolete.

No inside-the-beltway PR victory is worth that kind of demoralization.
They did a lot of immoral things to win.

Any biographer, of course, carries on a love affair with a ghost.
Biographers are eccentric. 

For example, one organization had quarterly 2-day meetings, the first day of which was typically restricted to a small number of members with expertise pertinent to the specific topic under discussion.
On the second day of the meetings, anyone from the organization was welcome.

well my wife spent some time up in Connecticut
My wife also spent some time in New York

yeah or if it if it does get worse it doesn't stay for very long
If it does not aggravate, it will be around for an extended period.

Designed by George Meikle Kemp, an unknown draftsman of humble birth, the monument took its inspiration from the design of MelroseAbbey.
George Meikle Kemp's humble beginnings made people reluctant to hire him as a draftsman.

oh you can because that way your not having to pay the middle men and everybody else
You must be saving a lot.

'Perhaps you should give up and go home?' I suggested hopefully.
He agreed with me and went home after what I said.

State Planning also has improved access for the fastest-growing client  non-English speakers.
Access for English speaking clients has also been improved.

This priceless treasure, now protected by glass inside a fireproof concrete Kamakura-style hall, is believed to be what Columbus was after in his search for the country he called Chipangu.
Chipangu was claimed to be the home of mythical creatures such as dragons and naga.

While sending out armies to destroy the Buddhist monasteries and confiscate their lands, he simultaneously fostered Christianity to win adepts away from the Buddhist faith.
A large number of people converted from Buddhism to Christianity thanks to his policies.

Three of the burly bodyguards were still right behind me.
The bodyguards were chasing me.

Additionally, television commercials, billboards, newspaper articles, and an antifraud Web site ( www.targetingfraud.gov.uk)communicated the government's message to the public that fraud and abuse of the benefits system would not be tolerated.
Fraud is now a serious issue for the government.

we put ours up i mean i had a delightful evening one  night cutting a bunch of those suckers up
I enjoy cutting things in general. 

After reaching this long-run equilibrium, increased saving and investment yields a higher level of GDP per capita but does not boost worker productivity and economic growth.
Worker productivity may be increased with higher levels of pay.

There's no reason Gerry and Ray couldn't have made a lifelong adventure of it--scaling rocks, romping naked through abandoned factories, gazing in awe at big rigs.
It's reasonable to say that Gerry and Ray had made a lifelong adventure of it, said their parents.

you know what i'm saying i don't think most people understand what he's talking about when he talks about that new world order so i don't know what do you think of that
Most people think his claims are outlandish 

Each of these programs encountered significant cost increases and schedule delays.
Each of the programs faces delays of many weeks

Admirably reticent, compared to Robert Bennett.
In comparison to Robert Bennett, he is admirably reticent and they also differ in many ways.

Somehow, he knew I'd understand.
He was intelligent and knew me well. 

professor of of English in Emporia Kansas and uh he he's been a doctor and a gunsmith and
He is teaching English in Emporia Kansas in college.

Movies-in-the-Making
Movies that aren't finished yet

Odd, the other had been successfully turned from his purpose here.
The other guy's new purpose was to make trouble.  

While these towns have been influenced by various cultures, the Moorish legacy is predominant in each.
Many of the towns have Moorish influence. You can see this in the architecture.

Ah! said Poirot appreciatively. 
Ah! said Poirot jumping from his seat.

Petra was largely created in the first to third centuries b.c. by the Nabateans, an Arabic tribe who grew rich from trading with (and extracting protection money from) the great caravans which passed this way.
Petra is the oldest settlement of the Nabateans.

The hotel would deliver the desired ensemble to you (along with the indispensable needle-and-thread person and the right shoes) and would return it after you had checked out.
This is a significantly more convenient option than the alternative.

You darling! cried Tommy, his arms tightly round her.
Tommy never wanted to let her go.

Newgrange can get very crowded, so try to get there early or take a Bus ?‰ireann tour which secures you privileged access.
Newgrange is especially crowded in July and August.

Web entrepreneurs left Europe in the dust.
The web entrepreneurs left Europe to travel to America.

and and recycle and put my mother out of her livelihood
She's preparing to make a career change.

um so it seems to me that that um there needs to be some ground you know some rules that protect
There needs to be some ground rules as to how we handle these people.

How did I know? 
You're wondering how I know, even though it should be obvious. 

well the kids you know the kids wanted
The kids wanted different things.

Performances are also in Milan's Conservatorio and Rome's Accademia Filarmonica Romana or the Accademia Nazionale di Santa Cecilia.
The Conservatorio is the most highly regarded of these three institutions.

For the actual presentation of the facts, Adams suggested simple storytelling, his method of choice as an attorney communicating the facts of a case to a jury and judge.
Adams suggested that they present the facts dramatically.

my walkman broke so i'm upset now i just have to turn the stereo up real loud
I really enjoyed listening to music on my walkman.

day per possible delivery for city delivery routes from table 1.
The figures in Table 1 offer contrast to the figures in Table 2. 

but i had another career first and then came to TI a little later
TI is my second and final career.

It's going to be a long story." 149 Julius drew up a chair to the opposite side of the table, summoned a hovering waiter, and dictated his wishes.
Julius had nowhere else to be and this was important information to know.

It was more than just instinctive dislike.
In addition to instinctive dislike, there was fear.

And for another, retailers hope to start running out of stuff two weeks before Christmas.
The object is to have an empty store by Christmas eve.

You can fast the next day.
I want you to eat the food I made.

Eh bien! 
Oh bien man!

In front of the National Gallery is the Royal Scottish Academy building, designed as almost its twin.
Both buildings are often mistook for each other. 

The church dates from the 14th century.
The church was built in the Gothic style.

The result is often a precipitous sell-off.
Expired products often result in a rapid sell-off attempt. 

In the hall below a magnificent hall porter had relegated Albert to the background.
The hall contained a great many people.

Flames , my notes say, about Tafero's execution.
My notes have graphic details about Tafero's execution.

I was quiet and insignificant utterly nondescript… .
I was trying to become more noticeable.

In Chennai, you can rent a catamaran and, if you're staying at the Taj in Mumbai, you should be able to obtain a guest membership at the nearby Yacht Club.
The Yacht club is not very exclusive.

and although we don't have any criminal actions here we do have other um lawsuits that do go to trial from time to time
The lawsuits that go to trial only occur approximately twice a year.

Aberdeen, the island's oldest settlement, once a pirate lair, is home to the floating population ' the boat people who spend their entire lives on the junks in the harbor, some proudly claiming never to have set foot on land (except for funerals, which don't count).
The boat people of Aberdeen are known for being big exaggerators.

As 1997 drew nearer, it became clear that the Chinese government had no intention of renewing the 99-year lease on the New Territories.
The New Territories, owned by the Chinese, were composed of three hundred islands.

 If you're not in the mood for wine with your meal, have no qualms about ordering something else instead.
There are non-alcoholic beverages that can be ordered.

Proof that he's skeptical about politics?
There's proof that he's skeptical about politics. 

Now we have more strychnine, handled by one of the household. 
Strychnine was used as a murder weapon.

and there's always been an interest there
Seeing that film has always been an interest of mine.

I've had enough of it.
I can't take anymore of this, it's getting out of hand how ridiculous and blown out of proportion this situation has become.

What did you say? she asked, her fingers playing nervously with a brooch on her breast.
She pretended not to hear him.

This reporting system will detail and describe the delivery of services that are not cases, services such as community education, information through Internet web sites, self-help forms and kiosks.
This reporting system is currently in its beta stage.

A candidate's best strategy, therefore, is to show the media and the voters his most manageable flaw in the hope that they will focus on that flaw and stop looking for others.
Candidates think they can trick voters into ignoring most of their flaws.

no they don't take any i mean i couldn't even go there my husband couldn't we would have to receive all this special permission to go there for even when some you know in in inner company you know transfer or something and i have another friend from uh Costa Rica that she was born there she's Costa Rican i guess i do know a little bit i went to Mexico City one time and stayed i've been there twice and stayed and that was that was just really sad but a lot of it though is their debt i think that we should not loan them anymore money that if we still want to give them money give them money quit loaning it to them you're not going to get it back don't be indebted to anybody don't be the you know loaner nor borrower and it's just not good we need to if we feel like we need to give them money then give it to them but quit loaning all the money out which i don't think we're loaning anymore now but that's how we got into a problem if we got them we have sink them in the hole by us loaning them all of these billions of dollars that common sense you could just look at it and say they're not going to be able to pay us back
The church in Guatemala City is important to him.

Recently, these two programs have committed to an agenda of specific collaborative projects, including joint technology consultations, joint efforts by the two Boards of Directors in areas of mutual interest, joint economic development projects, and assistance in developing intake systems.
The programs help each other a lot when collaborating.

It's all right, girl pretty lady Drew fondled her mane, stroked the satin-smooth arch of neck.
Drew soothed his steed with great prid.

yeah that that that's really nice that they started doing that because it's the problem is you take them to some place nice and and you know the um even a place where they have to to sit down even if they really get kids they get they get bored in a hurry
Kids have short attention spans because of TV.

and the US has you know it's like they it seems like they can their their army or whatever can can go in there quicker than an atomic bomb can and do do the job with uh you know less suffering
It is better to send an army there than to drop an atomic bomb.

Reports that demonstrate that there are many people both within LSC and our grantee programs and outside of our federally-funded structure who care deeply about issues related to equal justice and who have refused to take our many crises lying down.
There are reports that people in the LSC refuse to sit by while budgets are slashed.

On a hardwood frame, silver and gold threads are woven into fine silk, usually of emerald green, dark red, purple, or royal blue.
The hardwood frame is very important for the construction of this piece of art, otherwise everything would fall apart.

If that look of death had been aimed at him, Ca'daan would have wet his breeches.
He was scared easily.

Recognizing that more action was needed to improve the CSR system, LSC provided additional written guidance to the field, including a substantial revision to its CSR Handbook (reissued in November 1998), and conducted training sessions on that guidance.
They did everything they could to present their product the best. 

In New York, salaries at public interest law agencies can be as low as $32,000 to start, but with many entry-level jobs beginning at about $40,000.
However, in Texas the salaries of public interest lawyers are usually at least double that of other entry level positions. 

well that i wouldn't know i left there when i was quite young
I don't know what happened to the store in Queens because I left when I was young.

And yet, while this oversaving is costly to any given generation, it enriches future generations.
Our generation is benefiting from the savings of the past generation.

However, let me assure you, we did not use performance to target certain individuals.
Performance was not a factor 

oh yes um let's see we've got a weed whacker we have an uh edger you know that goes between the grass and the sidewalk
We have a bunch of landscaping tools. 

Whether this is Jesus's burial place or not, the tomb is relatively unspoiled compared to the one in the Church of the Holy Sepulcher.
It is debatable that this sight is his burial place.

Barik crashed into the northerner, his sword cutting hard into the rapier's hand-guard.
Barik was faster than the northerner and cut him.

The success or failure of information system acquisitions affects executive agencies' credibility with the Congress and the public as well as their abilities to carry out their missions effectively and efficiently.
They require the acquisitions to be a success.

Drew remembered Don Cazar's encounter with Bayliss at Kells' stable.
Don Cazar was at Kells' stable one night.

Jon closed his eyes and enjoyed the comfortable warmth of the high red sun that had burned him so often.
It was noon.

The arts flourished during the 16th and 17th centuries, a period known as the Cretan Renaissance.
Over 2000 paintings were created during the Cretan Renaissance.

It was rather inexplicable, but I supposed that, for some reason or other, Japp wished to keep it out of the papers. 
Japp was probably laying some sort of trap for catching the murderer. 

At the sight of Shiloh and Shadow he whistled.
He was delighted by the appearance of Shiloh and Shadow.

However, if I know the new way is inappropriate, I cannot be permitted to cave.
I shouldn't be allowed to give in if the new way features lasers.

The square is dominated by the Grand Th??atre, the jewel of Bordeaux's many 18th-century buildings.
Performances no longer take place at The Grand Theatre.

Thick leather neckguards covered the mouths of both men and their long cloaks covered most of their bodies.
The men dressed for their long journey to the mountain top. 

He could do nothing but cower when the whipmaster had attacked.
The whipmaster started hitting him on the face.

Brain Cell
Brain cells cause cancer.

and if you don't have coats and sweaters with you of course by then you're all sweated up and warm and that's how i think a lot folks carry
some people carry jackets instead of coats.

Next to the church are the lovely 14th-century cloisters (Chiostro delle Clarisse), converted in 1742 into a country garden of shaded walkways and Capodimonte ceramic tiles a delightful haven of tranquility and one of Naples' most charming spots.
The church sees a small amount of tourists in comparison to the rest of the city.

ratings they received for their responsibilities, commitments, and retention standard.
Most of them received good ratings for their retention standard.

The most newsy development in what Today's Papers had decided to call the Whitefluid scandal is that yesterday, as reported in the WP , Monica Lewinsky's lawyer revealed on one of his five (!) chat show appearances that it's possible his client, who owns a share of a Australian condo, was tape-recorded offering it to Linda Tripp in return for Tripp denying knowing about Lewinsky's claim that she had a sexual relationship with President Clinton.
Monica Lewinsky's lawyer appeared on all the cable chat shows.

have did did you know that there was a difference in the parakeets
Did you know that there is a dozen types of parakeets?

Value per hour of time spent in the  Y .
The value per hour of time spent directly correlates to hours of rest from the previous night. 

The Middle Ages
The Middle ages were a tough time.

Nearby, the church cloister, Clo?®tre Saint-Trophime, with its beautiful sculpted capitals on the pillars, is a haven of peace.
The pillars of the church are hand-carved white marble.

But what does it mean to save the surplus?
What does it mean to save the surplus from people?

In the south of Kita, acrosefrom the US Consulate, is Kita Shinchi, Osaka's premiere dining and entertainment quarter, centered around the main street of Shinchi Hondori.
Kita Shinchi is Osaka's most exclusive dining and entertainment quarters.

Head north, however, and the desolate nature of the landscape is inescapable.
The land up north is barren due to heavy forest fires.

The ornamental gilded clock face has only one hand, for the hours.
The ornamental clock used to have a minute hand.

With its magnificent Corinthian portico crowned with statues and its columned dome, the building is a majestic sight.
The portico has a big dome and columns made of marble.

Scars ran across the man's back, long and wicked.
The scars were from a grizzly bear attack.

Arriving by boat gives you splendid views of the magnificent unspoiled, treeless landscape, which bears scant evidence of the hand of man.
The treeless landscape goes on for over ten miles.

and i keep thinking you know it's not it's really not too late at any point to do you know some
i keep thinking to myself that we could still change our course if we wanted to

Morris' book, Behind the Oval Office , ends with a conversation between him and Bill Clinton on why the forgiving St. Patrick is better than the stern St. Paul.
The book Behind the Oval Office ends with a conversation between the Author and Bill Clinton, which a lot of readers loved.

He glares at Starr as if he's a particularly vicious child molester.)
He hates Starr because Starr betrayed him.

I was there...it seems like yesterday.
It was only a few months ago that I was there.

uh south for part of the winter
We go south for a few months in the wintertime and summertime.

There are plenty of dead-end GIs in dead-end jobs, too.
There are plenty of bad GIs that always work shit jobs.

In addition, during the first Phase of the program (1995-1999), SO2 emissions were between 20 to 30 percent below their allowable levels.
There were a couple of hiccups during the first phase of the program.

Also, the scanning device that you mention has existed for over two decades and has been utilized by package goods manufactures to target market their products onto the shelves of retailers across the world.
The scanner you mentioned has existed for more than 20 years, probably 30 and has been utilized by manufacturers to market their products to retailers around the globe.

We can begin tomorrow, he said and then returned to Susan.
The man was excited to see Susan when he returned. 

strategic human capital management in support of their missions and goals.
Human capital management is the top priority of many agencies.

Finding that photograph in the drawer, after that story of how it had been got from him by Inspector Brown, made me suspect Julius.
I would not have suspected Julius at all, had it not been for the photo I found in the drawer.

At a special reception for the opening of the National Gallery exhibition, Hillary Rodham Clinton revealed that her first date with the future president was to go see a Rothko show at Yale.
Clinton said her first date in 1973 was an art show.

it's just terrible what they do and then i have been coloring my hair and i'm real haphazard when i do it so i've got dye on my bathroom door
I am bothered by the dye stain I left on the bathroom door.

people have you know think they're kids have to have five hundred dollars worth of toys
Children do not know the value of their toys. 

oh it was well they consider it to be the same as cash
They consider change the same as cash.

Recently, three economists named Harold Cole, George Mailath, and Andrew Postlewaite (for whom I will use the collective abbreviation CMP) have proposed a compromise between the two  On the one hand, people do not care directly about their relative positions in the wealth distribution.
Harold teaches economy at a university.

with her country's drastically changed landscape (Michiko Kakutani, the New York Times ). Tired harangues about capital punishment and gun control are said to come at the expense of developing her characters, who don't behave like humans (Carolyn See, the Washington Post ). Others pay the customary obeisance to Gordimer's nuanced depiction of morally confused white liberals, in this case an older couple whose son is accused of murder.
The older couple has a son who is said to have murdered his girlfriend.

he replied.
I heard his reply.  

33 This sized piece of equipment, while large, should be readily accommodated on most sites large enough for a 500 MWe boiler.
Many sites can accommodate a 500 MWe boiler.

Officially acknowledged as one of the most beautiful villages in France, it is also one of the major tourist attractions and can be unpleasantly crowded in midsummer.
It has a beautiful view of the countryside and the mountains.

It's wrong.
It's wrong because it's the wrong color.

What it lacks in size, the gallery makes up for in quality.
The gallery's eye for quality art is what keeps people coming back to it.

Three cotton prints to look out for, particularly in Rajasthan,  bagru, consisting of geometric or fish, almond, and vine patterns in blue, brown, and maroon; sanganeri, block printed floral and paisley patterns; and bandhani, tie-dye, which results in decorative color.
Bandhani cotton prints create the most beautiful outfits.

well  all right well uh i guess that's about it
I guess I am done talking on that issue.

7. What Policies of the Federal Government Have Been Aimed at Encouraging Nonfederal Saving and Investment?
No Federal Government Policies encourage non-Federal savings and investment.

uh-huh yeah i think uh Central America has always been one of those places where people are more passive you know where it's always the minority that are
The heat makes them so chill about everything.

But those who work for Legal Services in Alabama say the money is not why they entered the field.
Those who work for Legal Services in Alabama do so for the emotional fulfillment. 

My Dad said to get rid of them.
My father said we were to kick them out or else.

The interest they receive should therefore be classified in the same way as their revenue earned from selling goods and services and should likewise be deducted from gross cost in determining the net cost of operations.
This way of categorization and classification makes taxes easier to file and audits simpler to bear.

i don't think there's anywhere where there isn't gonna be crime so
Everywhere has some crime. 

just have a nice day
Don't forget to have a pleasant day today.

I am here on behalf of Jacob White.
Jacob White told me to relay some information to you.

Several of the security managers expressed an interest in developing better measurement capabilities so that they could more precisely measure the ultimate benefits and drawbacks of security-related policies and controls--that is, the positive and negative affects of information security on business operations.
Some security managers so no point to developing better measurement capabilities.  

you know everybody gets to vote on you know well should he be for this and uh you know on and on and on and uh it's it's interesting
It's fascinating that everybody in Canada gets to vote on if he is suitable for this.

Once a cathedral, the 13th-century Basilique Notre-Dame can be hard to find among the narrow cobbled streets of the old town.
A restaurant can be found at the Basilique Notre-Dame.

nothing wrong with that uh i'll vouch for that
I think that's probably going to be correct.

i certainly don't think that they're the eighty six team anymore
I don't think they're the same team anymore but they could get back to that.

Italy has all types of accommodations available, so you'll have quite a few choices.
You can stay in a different type of hotel every time you visit Italy since they have so many choices.

We seem to believe that all human action is motivated not by the desire to know or improve the lot of humankind, but only by the basest motives of greed, power, and self-aggrandizement.
Human action is also driven by altruistic motives.

Second, there is the view that worksharing discounts are needed to make the postal service more competitive, thus helping to stave off threats from competing carriers and electronic substitutes.
Electronic substitutes are email and video conferencing.

9.1 ENDPOINTS
This is the first of many subsections in section 9

He stared at Dave, shaking his head in disgust.
Dave cried inconsolably as he stood under his rejecting stare.

oh yeah some great sixties tunes
Yeah, some great sixties jazz music.

This approach also would reduce states' administrative burdens and obligations.
The approach does come with higher costs though.

I had never met anyone so certain, so intense, so observant, so impatient, so intelligent.
This person has everything you would want to succeed.

He doesn't need a cover story or another job as a high-powered media executive, so he has no incentive to lie about his departure.
He won't get any benefit from lying.

huh-uh Mike Riley was it and that's
Mike Riley is a sports player.

oh you do have to make reservations there
You have to make reservations at the hotel.

Malok swears it proves we are right.
Malok has never been wrong before when he's sworn on something.

um-hum yes and here here in Texas if you don't like football y ou're considered a heretic
You're expected to like and worshipFootball here in Texas.

Ogling colleagues or forcing female employees to sit beside their bosses at social events is also unacceptable.
There are new laws being drafted against this behavior.

Oh dear, of course something could be done, but I don't have the time right now.
There isn't enough time to put the dog back in the house.

His warrior successor, Ramses I, heralded the start of the 19th Dynasty to be followed by Seti I 1291 1279 b.c. who won back many of the lands lost during the Akhenaten years.
Seti I won back many of the lands lost during the Akhenaten years in one tense yet wildly exciting game of poker. 

Fine pottery and exquisite jewelry show that daily life was enhanced by quality possessions, which were taken for granted by the population.
The population was quite greedy and expelled poor people.  

The inhabited history of the Las Vegas Valley stretches to 23,000 b.c. , when much of the area was covered by a prehistoric lake.
Las Vegas Valley was formed by this prehistoric lake.

right they've got i mean they've got some excellent players uh
The players excelled in everything they were given.

I speak for you also, I know.
I am proud to be your representative.

Sometimes the desire to work out an idea--as in the large-scale panel picture According to What (1964), which presents a series of Johns' customary images in a deliberately decentered composition--produces a flaccid surface.
According to What is John's first series.

The revenue loss associated with a tax incentive represents the federal government's budgetary cost of promoting saving and investment for particular purposes.
The cost of promoting savings and investments is high.

He had to improvise, but he got through a rough version of it, until he came to the end: "I who created you name you--" What the deuce did he name it?
He had to make up several verses, but he got through a preliminary version of it.

And he'd been a fool.
He wasn't always a fool, only in the recent years.

The chief complaint of reformers these days is that the power of special-interest money is breeding public cynicism about the political process.
Reformers have taken their share of special interest money.  

yeah i can't remember his name either
I used to know his name from before.

evidence consistent or inconsistent with the hunches.
The evidence is totally consistent with the hunches. 

The two men watched Adrin as he approached.
Adrin walked quickly to the men.

A baseball catcher has a  The backstop.
The backstop is a position in baseball. 

A recent study estimated that a wealth effect of 3 to 4 cents could explain two-fifths to about half of the decline in the personal saving rate since 1988.
The wealth effect explains the decline in personal savings rate.

The syndrome may even be several illnesses, they say, but the common thread is exposure to toxins in the Gulf.
The toxins in the Gulf may be what's causing people to get sick. 

And the Sophisticated Traveler supplement journeys to Tibet, Memphis, and San Diego, among other locales.
Tibet is seeing a surge in popularity amongst all sorts of travelers.

were abandoned.
They were abandoned years ago.

Western states have already made significant headway in identifying future SO2 reductions necessary to meet air quality goals in the Western Regional Air Partnership (WRAP) agreement between EPA, Western states, tribes, industry and environmental groups.
WRAP seeks to reduce SO2 by 20% in the next twenty years.

It's speculated that aeons ago this may have been a forest extinguished by the eruption of some volcano now deep under the sea.
The forest was comprised of pine and fir trees.  

The fandango, tango, farruca, and zambra are performed to the staccato rhythm of palmadas (hand-clapping), pitos (finger-snapping), the zapateado of fiercely drumming heels, and the fiery compulsion of the castanets.
The samba is also a dance. 

Every night from the 1st to the 14th, in a highly dramatic display clearly designed to entertain, temple priests brandishing long poles with a flaming cedar ball at each end run along the front of the verandah, deliberately showering the large crowd below with burning embers.
Very few injuries have historically occured in the display.

Another major metropolitan daily in the South told its reporter that it would not pay her airfare or expenses.
Another major metropolitan daily in the South told its reporter that it would not pay her airfare because it costs too much.

but i've had to to get my money back from them and had better luck with with some of the the more expensive companies
Some of the companies cost more than others to get money back from with all their fees.

When the zoo celebrated the first successful hatching in captivity of a king penguin in 1919, it gained world no other zoo had examples of this penguin species.
The egg technically hatched on the last day of 1918, but official records noted the event to have occurred in 1919.

The purpose of the series is to provide GAO evaluators with guides to various aspects of audit and evaluation methodology, to illustrate applications, and to indicate where more detailed information is available.
The series aims to provide GAO evaluators with what they need to do a good audit of financial institutions.

Well, did she or didn't she?
I don't know if she did or didn't it, you must answer otherwise I'll kill you.

Margaret was a deeply pious woman who was subsequently canonized, and her youngest son, David I (1124 1153), founded a church in her name on the highest point of the Castle Rock (St.
Margaret's son David I ended up founding a church directly as a result of her influence.

How Much of the New CBO Surplus Is Available for Tax and Program Initiatives?
Most of CBO's surplus can be included as a tax initiative.

Not breaking, Drew corrected, "training.
Drew wanted to convey the difference to show what the training was all about.

well i live in mine yes
I love living in mine.

Twice Tommy turned his head uneasily.
He was sure that the noise he kept hearing was in his imagination.

does she have to pay to have it refinanced
How much (if at all) does she have to pay and can she pay in installments?

Newsweek offers a detailed account of the Kathleen Willey episode, supposedly consistent with Willey's deposition in the Paula Jones case.
The detailed account of the Willey episode on Newsweek is the best journalism there is.

But until then, technology will in some ways be pushing us backward in time.
Technology will prevent social programs from growing.

It is supported by good science and good economics, as well as by good intentions.
Science supports the idea that we should cut emissions.

I have reason to believe that she has been at one time or another in your establishment at Bournemouth.
The man believes that she was in Bournemouth at some point.

First, election laws bar the solicitation of money (by both employees and nonemployees) in all federal office buildings --the White House included.
The White House made laws to prevent solicitation people too many people were doing it.

The proposal angered neighborhood leaders and provoked some acid comments in British newspapers, which pointed out that Diana had no interest in gardening and that she couldn't even cook.
Newspapers said Diana was a horrible cook.

A raised platform framed by two columns contains divans and a low dining table.
The raised platform has guided tours for a fee.  

It is a mesmerizing moment, one that shattered my childhood illusions.
The moment that shattered my childhood illusions was mesmerizing and I'll never forget about it.

The report should also include all significant instances of fraud, illegal acts, or other noncompliance3 and all significant instances of abuse that were found during or in connection with the audit and any significant weaknesses in internal control found during the audit, and where applicable, auditors' conclusions.
The auditor will include a conclusion in the report. 

4. How Does Saving Affect Future Budgetary Flexibility?
Savings makes budgets more flexible.

The river abounds with mahseer and trout, as well as two kinds of crocodile and the occasional blind freshwater dolphin.
The river is teaming with life, from fish to crocodile and even dolphins.

I spent a lot of time talking to Iowa farmers since January.
I had discussions with over 100 Iowa farmers in January,

This most symbolic of Crete's religious relics was not to return to the island until 1966.
Before that, the relics were kept in a French museum.

You can still find interesting flavorings and colorings on sale, along with the dried hibiscus flowers used to make sweet tea.
You can still find those things on sale, because people are still interested in them.

Participants generally believed that the provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 should be implemented and assessed before the Congress should consider adding any new legislative requirements; however, participants agreed that much can and should be done by other responsible parties, such as by regulatory and self-regulatory bodies, within their existing authority.
People considered the Sarbanes-Oxley act to be a crucial piece of legislation.

Value is the mean of a generated distribution of WTP to avoid a Chronic Bronchitis (Base) $331,000 per case of pollution-related CB.
Value is the mean of distribution of WTP per state.

ten years old now you know
My car is ten years old, you know.

The consequences of such problems may be as serious as the loss of a family's only source of income or homelessness.
Families might lose their homes and jobs if we don't resolve these problems soon.

His hair was disheveled and dust covered his face and body.
He wanted to take a shower.

You might think the $11 million came from the pockets of those who owned Daimler-Benz stock in the 1980s, but that's not necessarily the case.
The stock performed well in the 1980s.

Stairways and railings just inside the gate make a tour of the battlements safe.
The railings were installed just past the gate due to concerns about the safety of visitors. 

They didn't see daylight for months.
Living in Alaska people don't see the sun for months.

The austerely sculpted porches flanking the main entrance are from the early period, and the more ornamental elongated central porch and the gabled upper windows were added in the 15th and 16th centuries.
The building was worked on at various points over 300 years.

Can you not do something?" 
Can't you do something about that horse?

No, I do not profess that the tax breaks will pay for themselves in no time at all.
I have seen similar litigation before and know that these tax breaks will take time to pay for themselves.

Designed for a daughter of Louis XIV in 1722, it makes a stately riverside faaade for the 7th arrondissement, with its 18th-century embassies, ministries, and private mansions (hetels particuliers).
The 7th arrondissement has more fine 18th century architecture than any other area of Paris. 

A little cry broke from her lips: "You don't know, you don't know, how this hateful place has been prison to me!"
She cried to the man she talked to, as he was the one who did it to her.

Talking directly to the camera, White looked somewhat worse for wear.
Times had been very hard on White, he didn't look good.

If certain pertinent information is prohibited from general disclosure, the audit report should state the nature of the information omitted and the requirement that makes the omission necessary.
There are many unnecessary requirements that prohibit the disclosure of certain information.

No trace remains of the prison stormed in 1789; even the column in the center commemorates a later revolution, that of 1830.
There is no evidence of the prison existing that was stormed in 1789.

Towering over the sheltered yachting harbor of the Vieux Bassin are tall houses with slate and timber facades.
This is to protect them from the waves.

uh no no no no no i i i don't care about that that that she she'll be on the phone all night yeah
She always has long phone conversations with her friends at night.

Here, it is said, she plotted the death of her husbands and lovers.
She made plans to kill those she was supposed to love.

and i like mood music like you know when i'm in the mood for that i like semi-classical
I sometimes like hard rock.

It does not come, however, from Siam, as Thailand was once known, but is of Malay origin, drawing on themes from the Hindu epic Ramayana.
It is Malaysian but it is also influenced by religions from the area.

i'm always amazed that uh larger areas uh they can play for what we can uh many of our friends who are transferred away from  for some reason or another end up in cities that it would cost them ten thousand dollars a year to belong to a club
It's more expensive to play in large cities.

Islanders often drink the somewhat acid wine mixed with lemonade (gaseosa).
Half of the drink is comprised of lemonade.

In this cavernous emporium you'll have your pick of fresh Martinique pineapples, coconut slices, or the pungent baby limes so loved in the West Indies.
In addition to baby limes, coconuts and pineapples, the emporium also sells oranges and apples.

"So far he's been doin' it though." Drew frowned.
Drew really wishes he would stop doing it.  

6) If the DSPB is not satisfied with the VP for Programs' recommendation, it may seek a meeting with the LSC President to ask for reconsideration.
If the DSPB doesn't think the VP's funding recommendation is good enough, it can ask the LSC to reconsider.

An earlier time?
A sooner time for meeting?

He had learned the importance of reputation to private sector fund-raising after the Federal Emergency Management Agency cited his program before Congress for excellence in cases stemming from the 1994 Northridge earthquake.
He had learned the importance of reputation and connections to private sector fund-raising after his excellent cases about the 1994 Northridge earthquake was referenced by the Federal Emergency Management Agency.

The main computer failed again Sept. 8, but the replacement crew reported that the situation was normal.
The computer has stopped working at least 12 times this year.

What is wrong with your head?Jon smiled.
Jon smiled at a woman.

okay well you see it saw it out there then too
It had very keen eyesight, and it easily picked it out.

Nine years later at a formal press conference, the professors announced their progress in creating a new language - the language of world-wide communication - and with that declaration their enthusiasm ran out.
The professors were linguists.

A book-review editor at Science says she was pressured to retire this past summer after she published a negative review of a book that claimed to defend science from postmodern critiques.
She was 20 years away from retirement.

They sat very straight and forbore to look at each other.
They did not want to be seen looking at each other.

Suddenly she aroused herself.
She was quite turned on.

well why that doesn't make sense does it
That doesn't make sense and he should be fired.

I never suspected it at all, lamented Tuppence.
I would have never imagined it, said Tuppence sadly.

In Santiago de Cuba, the terrace bar on the 7th floor of the Hotel Casa Granda has splendid views and live music.
In Santiago de Cuba, the terrace bar on the 7th floor of the Hotel Casa Granda has splendid views and live music but it closes to early. 

Most presidential elections in the republic's history have had specially commissioned  Teddy, Come Back, Wilson--That's All, Franklin D. Roosevelt's Back Again, Nixon's the One.
Nixon's the One is the most successful slogan in presidential history.

One example is a book on bureaucratic failures, which is based entirely on GAO reports of management problems in different agencies over a considerable period of time (Pierce, 1981).
Pierce was the first to write about GAO reports of management problems.

Although the bed dates from the 1680s, it has never been slept in by royalty.
The bed is just for display and was never actually used.

articles in about half a second.
articles in very little time, but also quality ones.

If the prospect of surpluses over the next decade lulls us into complacency, the nation could face daunting demographic challenges without having changed the path of programs for the elderly or having built the economic capacity to bear the costs of the programs as currently structured.
Upcoming demographic challenges mean that it makes more sense to save the surpluses.

Madness had taken over the camp.
There was much screaming in the camp.

It is relevant for assessing the sustainability of programs established by current law, that is, the sufficiency of future resources to sustain public services and to meet obligations as they come due.
It is relevant for assessing how sustainable the program is into the future.

yes we hit our we'll hit our last spring freeze it snowed here as late as May before but that was really unusual our our our last freeze is usually about April fifteenth
Our last freeze is around April 15th, but last year we had snow in May which is very unusual. So we always keep cover to protect the plants available in case of a last cold spell.

Get With It, Ye of Little Faith
Get With it or you're going to hell, ye of little faith

Now you looky here, boy you sure look like you could take some curryin' an' corn fodder under your belt too.
You look like you could be a major help around here due to your strength and size.

The neighbor is friendly and seems trustworthy.
The next door neighbor seems like he is harmless. 

When I use a word, Humpty Dumpty said in rather a scornful tone, it means just what I choose it to mean--neither more nor less.
Humpty Dumpty was yelling at his friends.

GAO will provide to all Members who request work, within 10 business days of receipt, a letter acknowledging the receipt of the request and either accepting or declining it.
Most work requests submitted to GAO are accepted.

I had no idea.
Why didn't you tell me? 

It is distressing that in this time of AIDS it could still be said that Kinsey's passionate interest in human sexuality could only be the product of perversion.
Associating human sexuality with perversion is a past time of many of those with a more conservative bent.

Mavis believes the deaths are accidental, but circumstances suggest that the act was at least unconsciously volitional.
The deaths were actually caused by homicide.

The federal response to the year 2000 computing challenge created an opportunity in many agencies for CIO and program organizations to partner in responding to specific agency mission needs.
The federal response to the year 2000 computing challenge greatly inspired many agencies for CIO.  

Superimposed against a blue sky, Magritte's comb seems to be lying on clouds of shaving cream--a painter's dream--while the match lies asleep on the floor.
Magritte is an artist.

(The 21 heads discovered in 1977 are now displayed in the Mus??e de Cluny; . )
The heads discovered in 1977 were human.

Halls as large as open fields and statues of unknown gods and demons.
There were halls and statues covered in gold.

The leaves deadened their footsteps.
It was autumn thus there were leaves everywhere.  

yeah and of course i was i was living alone at the time and it was late at night and scary and  you know  you start hearing noises you know
I got scared living alone so I had to stop watching scary movies.

yeah it's all politics
Politics is likely related to that.

For example, one ongoing project (funded by the Abell Foundation) works to decrease employment barriers to 45,000 non-custodial fathers in Baltimore whose child-support obligations (especially money owed to the state) exceed their ability to pay.
Parents that don't have their children live with them must pay child support. 

Very softly, too low for the hearing of the mandrakes, his words sounded in Hanson's ear.
He spoke low in order to not be heard by the mandrakes

The value of scale is about $4.
The value has increased this year.

The NOEC and LOEC are limited to the concentrations selected for the test.
The NOEC and LOEC concentrations are limited for very specific reasons.

From 1987 to 1994 share of USPS mail revenues from US household fell From a little less than 20 percent to a little more than 10 percent
The share of USPS mail revenues from US households went down a bit because of computer use.

We'll keep him close-in the water corral.
We will be careful that he does not fall into the water corral.

Eight hundred square kilometres devoted to stadiums, sports centres and palladiums.
A big arena was full of places for spectators.

The analysis also discusses alternative approaches which were considered by EPA but were found lacking because they did not either significantly reduce the burden on small entities or would have jeopardized the program's projected air quality benefits.
The alternatives suggested were lacking in comparison to the other more mainstream techniques.

They're people-things from other planets."  
They appear humanoid and are from other planets.

And waited for our bags.
Our bags were lost by the airline.

A team of Canadian psychologists believes that Tourette's syndrome--the condition that leads patients to suffer muscular spasms and to blurt out obscenities--may be a psychological rather than a physical disorder.
Researchers often debate on whether the cause of the syndrome is psychological or physical.

For purposes of this simulation, the amount of allowances banked from 2002 through 2006 was calculated as the simple difference between the reference case projections and the actual emission trajectory of each scenario.
The simulation incorrectly calculated allowances backed.

yeah yeah they was actually went back like they were you know
They literally went back to get the ticket.

uh-huh i think too that with us as women being out of the home where i'm not working now i didn't work until about from about the time Emily about four months before she was born
I took six months maternity leave from work.

Despite these formidable challenges, Japan will probably end up confounding the pessimists.
Pessimists are not easily confounded following formidable challenges.

Similarly, EPA's Office of Air and Radiation provided a listing of proposed rules available for public comment.
The EPA provided a listing of the rules that the public could comment on and the hearing in April.

Did you think you were imitating a great man?' He sneered at me.
He continued "I am not a great man, I've killed 19 men". 

How is he named, senor ?" 
What is his last name, senor?

Development of the Alcohol Use Disorders Identification Test (AUDIT).
The test went through several verification steps.

Some rely wholly on information collected by others, not trained as sociologists or anthropologists, rather than on firsthand observation.
Relying on firsthand observations is more accurate 

now see in Ohio you really have four seasons don't you
where I live there is only Summer and Winter so it's great that in Ohio you have all four seasons

This distribution is applied to the actual number of pieces sent to each country in FY 2000.
Each country was happy to receive any number of pieces.

I saw White reach into his pocket, taking something out...a gun.
White was prepared to attack at any point, and I knew that he had no intention to take care of this situation cleanly as he pulled a gun from his pocket.

oh i've done maybe four or five
I have finished maybe four of five out of the ten we have.

That apparently was no problem for Kennedy.
Kennedy actually has a drinking problem on weekends.

Is that so?" The girl hesitated, her glance shifting to the other two.
The other two were a pair a talking skeletons.

It also features a large nudist enclave (Port Nature).
Nudist community there is not very welcoming to foreigners.

In criticizing the ability of the exclusionary rule to reverse a conviction, he  The wrong done was the search, not the conviction.
Searching through the book was the wrong doing.

Four historic towns Elche, Crevillente, Orihuela, and Murcia line the N-340 from Alicante.
Built only twenty years ago, the N-340 provides easy access to historic towns.

but um but the more popular music i don't care for usually
Popular music makes me very angry so I don't usually listen to it.

Jon stood up, drew his pistol, placed it under the man's chin, and fired.
A man died after being shot in the head.

And those who lose all HMO coverage may suffer substantial financial loss.
Those who lose HMO insurance could be hurt financially when they get a medical emergency.

Both principles within a critical success factor also focus on the same organizational units as targets of their implementation.
There are multiple critical success factors for which this holds. 

Not all falsehoods, of course, are lies (the key ingredient in a lie is intentionality).
There are three ingredients to a lie.

Overall, the central security groups served as (1) catalysts for ensuring that information security risks were considered in both planned and ongoing operations, (2) central resources for advice and expertise to units throughout their organizations, and (3) a conduit for keeping top management informed about security-related issues and activities affecting the organization.
The central security group still serves in these three areas.

Old friend Shirley MacLaine writes an adoring letter to him that begins Dear Bedeviled Poet of Song ...
Shirley MacLaine is in love with the poet she is writing to.

I have numbered them, 1, 2, 3. 
I have ordered them from best to worst.

Every murderer is probably somebody's old friend, observed Poirot philosophically. 
All murderers were good people at some point in time, said Poirot.

Also noteworthy is the Hollywood Roosevelt Hotel (7000 Hollywood Boulevard), which established itself as the hotel of the film world when it opened in 1927.
The Hollywood Roosevelt Hotel is seen by everyone as the hotel of the film world.

Lewy, Arieh, and Marvin, Alkin, The Impact of a Major National Evaluation  Israel's Van Leer Report.
The report said that the nation was mostly pretty good.

Included in the analysis is what can best be described as the social impact and costs of toxic chemical releases and other waste management activities and the value of the information to society that will be available from the reports from the industries added by the rule.
The cost of cleaning up the waste is included in the analysis

that yeah i guess that takes effect in uh
I guess that takes effect rather quickly.

yeah  well um oh i guess another thing i've noticed too here lately is that even though we've had some pretty warm days it's been awfully gray you know just
The air has been humid and damp, which has been bothering everyone in the village.

well well well what what they do is is they're supposed to monitor them but they don't monitor them very well at all
They are supposed to monitor them, and they could improve on that.

For example, Xerox captures knowledge about the producibility of its product early in the design phase.
The Xerox is an important machine for this product development.

i like that well i um i we really don't watch too many programs regularly my children like some of the morning children's shows when they're home they um i just have one son who's in kindergarten so in the morning they will like to watch like um
They like to watch the same cartoons every week.

Bassenthwaite Lake, just under 6 km (4 miles) in length, lies to the northwest of Keswick.
The Lake is a relatively long one.

One reason they give is that skilled observers and interviewers can make judgments and valuations about factors that are otherwise very difficult to assess, such as how much effort a manager made to get information before a key decision was made or how much that person knew about what was going on.
It is important to review managers periodically.

Jon approached the big man.
Jon was hesitant, but thought he should approach the man while he was singing.

are you my oh how nice
It's too bad it doesn't happen very often.

so he has overcome alcoholism at this point
He's been sober for five years this week.

Readjusting the allowance prices to meet the same emission caps then generates results showing the costs of meeting given caps with and without updating.
Adjusting the prices to meet caps generates results with and without caps, although the prices tended to trend down afterwards.

yeah  they couldn't share any and i guess they had a little bit one year but
They couldn't share any of the food 

The traffic jams seem incongruous, but they're authentic.
There are a number of traffic jams.

The best time to see them all is early morning, looming out of the mist, or at sunset, throwing dramatic shadows.
Most of the visitors choose to see them at sunset when you can see dramatic shadows.

Like Supreme Court Justice Kennedy, I have only a tenuous grasp of constitutional law, but won't this sort of thing be taboo once that flag-burning amendment passes?
The flag-burning amendment is expected to pass in June.

mine is like pulling a big house behind you you know
My trailer is so big that it's like pulling a house.

I cannot judge whether Stuart Taylor fell prey to this possibility.
I can't coment on whether Stuart Taylor fell for the phishing scam.

Whatever you call it, Saint-Martin as the French do, or Sint Maarten with the Dutch, it is part of both the French West Indies and the Netherlands' Antilles.
All of the signs on Saint-Martin are in French. 

So we call impotence erectile dysfunction, baldness hypotrichosis, and so on.
We give ailments fancy names to make it sound like it needs medication.

For example, FHWA set a performance expectation for senior executives to develop strategies to achieve FHWA's strategic objectives and performance goals.
Only the FHWA senior executives have been given performance expectations.

Nowadays, popular cinemas have found an appropriate home on the boulevards, for it was at the Hetel Scribe, near the Opera, that the Lumiare brothers staged the first public moving picture show in 1895.
There was no sound in moving picture shows in 1895.

98 "Come now," she said.
He came.

The Monastery of Ipsilou sits in this minimalist panorama, reaching up toward the sky as if for inspiration.
The Monastery was recently renovated to make it taller.

because someone might see something that you don't see i mean you know they may have they may have picked up on something that gave them that doubt that
They might disagree completely with you.

That lifts a great load from my mind." This was not quite what I had intended. 
I should have not said that it was okay to do such a careless thing.

There are two other Holy Face handkerchiefs one in Jaen and the other in the Vatican.
There are a total of three Holy Face handkerchiefs.

yeah i like the planting and  and watering is okay
I prefer planting over watering.

and uh and of course this year it never really died out that much i mean this year here it is only April and it's looking good yeah we had we had a mild winter we you know everybody in my neighborhood hires their yard work done and i think i think the fun of owning a house is doing the yard work
It's looking good because it grew so much last fall.

i mean you could travel from one coast to the other here in the US and find tremendous differences between the peoples they have their own ideas how things should be run
I have visited different areas of the US.

In the years after World War I, the business of America was business.
They were trying to rebuild their local small businesses.

The wealthy sisters brought with them spectacular works of art and statues of baby Jesus.
The artworks and statues that the sisters brought represented only a fraction of their wealth.

oh well that's interesting too i had never seen that yeah you know you look at most of the you know like the bank clocks and stuff like that it tells you you know fahrenheit and centigrade and it's going take those kinds of things you know switching you know getting us all accustomed to seeing both you know but most people don't pay any attention you know it's going to take some education right along with it most people don't know what that means you know so
Fahrenheit and centigrade are used on most bank clocks.

Those who have been victimized by document preparers who are not attorneys should call their local district attorney or the Attorney General's Public Inquiry Unit at (800) 952-5225.
The majority of the document preparers who victimized people are not attorneys.

he went the other route i think uh i think the advise i'd give to parents would be to start when they're like four years old today
He took the other route because his car broke down.

Gauve paused for a moment.
Gauve paused to listen for footsteps.

For example, the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants (AICPA) has issued professional standards that apply in financial audits and attestation engagements.
The AICPA standard promotes consistency throughout the auditing process that institutions benefit from.

Even this distinction, though, is changing with the development of off-line  software that automatically goes to the Web to retrieve material, and stores it on your own computer.
The off-line software has been in development for many years.

'I don't even know where to start.'
I don't know how to start the essay. 

If some form of government proves necessary, they prefer the local town hall to the parliament in Rome.
Town halls are much preferred to the Roman style parliament when and if a government is needed.

Teachers and journalists urged the revival of the common Malay-Indonesian consciousness, split by the Anglo-Dutch dismemberment of the region in the 19th century.
The English and Dutch divided the region up in order to split and weaken indigenous power.

Early this century, the progressives were people who realized that communications and transportation technologies were pushing the scope of economic activity outward, from individual states to the United States as a whole.
Progressives started to become a commmunity because they believed in the same values.

T he crowded Kowloon peninsula and the booming New Territories on the mainland call for some serious sightseeing; but we begin acroseVictoria Harbor on Hong Kong Island, where the city was first founded and which remains the center of government, business, and commerce.
The Kowloon peninsula is a popular tourist destination. 

Indians are mostly cheerful, responding much more readily to a smile than a scowl.
Scowling will make Indians ignore you completely.

Otherwise, you're overpaying.
You would be simply paying too much at that point.

5% of pieces delivered 1992 versus 39% of pieces delivered in 1996
In 2000, 80% of pieces were delivered.

See accompanying notes to the financial statement for the reporting of condition of Heritage Assets.
Checking the accompanying notes to the financial statement makes the reporting of the condition of Heritage Assets much easier and clearer.

Huge men with golden skin stood next to smaller darker men of thinner build.
The larger men had light skin and blonde hair.

Or is it?
It probably is, but maybe it isn't.

For a traditional pub where you can sit among the locals, try the Guildford Arms, on West Register Street one block north of the east end of Princes Street.
There are a few traditional pubs you can find.

uh for convenience sakes but i usually just pay them off at the end of the month
I have them set on auto pay. 

i um have accounting background so then i also have done tax returns in the past and for other people when i worked  for accounting firm
People are happy to have me do their taxes.

he found him one last weekend that he really liked but we haven't gotten it yet so
I know there's one he wants. 

But his nobles were intent on revenge and imposed a second, even more violent, White Terror against Jacobins and Bonapartists, including some of Napoleon's greatest generals.
Some of Napoleon's generals were planning another revolution of their own.

Researchers must continue to analyze the performance of structured questionnaires and try computer-based screening tools in the ED.
The analysis that the researchers must do will be groundbreaking.

not not toward you know winning in Las Vegas for example
There are better chances of winning in Las Vegas.

Generators respond by gradually reducing their emissions - reducing more than the cap requires early in the program in order to save allowances for use later in the program when the caps decline.
After a certain amount of air pollution, the generators adjust themselves accordingly.

Tommy and Julius watched it out of sight, and then turned to the narrow path.
Tommy and Julius watched it go away, then turn towards the town.

the thing that the thing that gets me is that while we're supporting them they're working when they get out of jail they get handed all that money
They will get handed $1,000.

In making the recommendation, the VP for Programs shall be guided by state planners' responsiveness to the enumerated reconfiguration standards; the analysis and recommendations of the LSC state planning team; the articulated concerns of the DSPB; and any other information deemed to be relevant by the VP of Programs.
The VP of Programs is concerned about making the wrong decision and thus wants to make sure that all the important sources of information are nearby and available.

All other sectors and total household mail have suffered either volume decline or anemic growth rates.
Household mail has suffered volume decline or anemic growth rates, despite soaring profits.

This, of course, is a drastic simplification of a complex book that tells its stories from several perspectives, each in its own chapter.
The book tells the story from 15 different perspectives.

Elinor Walker commented that something about an intervention must be standardized in order to assess its cost-effectiveness.
Elinor Walker commented that an intervention needs to be assessed for how cost-effective it is within the first year.

Say, Miss Tuppence, you're looking mighty pale!"
She saw something very frightening. 

Second, attracting and ultimately keeping a highly qualified and motivated workforce involves providing meaningful career opportunities, such as the opportunity to
A qualified workforce can provide hundreds of times more benefit than one with lackluster qualifications.

AC producers are concentrating increasingly on the Asia-Pacific region to exploit growing markets and take advantage of lower production costs; reported capacity expansions of over 15,000 tons/yr are all planned for Asia-Pacific and Russia.
AC producers have doubled their production value since 2016.

If we do it the President's way, it will be a win-win.
The President knows what he is talking about.

For example, grant-award decisions and visits to assess program quality also focused on the efficacy of statewide systems and collaborative efforts with other agencies serving the client community.
Statewide system efficacy is weighted the most heavily in grant-award decisions.

Yes, yes; you must be a wizard to have guessed. 
Yes, you must be magical to have guessed I said that.

That was particularly important at 0-1, where you always had to fight for a desk and a chair.
The fights often resulted in serious injury and burns.

War and Pestilence
There was a war fought in England.

Neighborhoods of Leased Public Housing.
Public housing is only leased to very poor people.

Though it requires a 30-minute drive from Tropicana via I-15 (or the free shuttle from New York-New York; Tel. 1-888-424-6898), the Fashion Outlet's selection of top names (Guess, Kenneth Cole, Tommy Hilfiger) and specialty stores (such as Williams Sonoma) make it worth the effort.
The Fashion Outlet is much closer to other large hotels.

You cannot mean to shoot me?
You cannot shoot me because that is a toy gun.

It's no surprise that the harbor has some of the best seafood restaurants in the Aegean, including several traditional Greek ouzeries.
Traditional Greek ouzeries add to the authenticity of the restaurants.

Gary Locke issued an order cutting nearly half the annual state funding for civil legal services - $2.
Gary Locke ordered the cutting of half the state funding for civil legal services and broke the law.

Many hotels offer special packages (such as summer or weekend reductions).
Hotels offer huge discounts when they have special packages.

Go and make sure from over there.' I pointed vaguely off-stage.
I really wanted to be left alone.

and you just pick a campground on the river if it got you know over a hundred and ten degrees you went over the levee and jumped in the water
The campground by the river is cold.

This could indeed lead to a slump--but need not if the management were alert and responded by simply issuing more coupons.
Management can enact changes to avoid possible slumps.

it it depends on the person on the individual but uh the one factor i think
It depends on the person and we need to look carefully.

Its non-stop street scene derives from the fact that nearly every one of its 20 arrondissements, or districts, has shops, offices, and apartments side by side and on top of each other.
The streets each have their own feel to them, offering different cuisines.

 "These two might have come bound alike."Drew pointed to the book Anse held and The Count of Monte Cristo .
Anse was holding a book because he wanted to read it.

, Buckley) argue that Gandhi and JP II overthrew tyranny.
It may be true that Gandhi and JP II overthrew tyranny.

This lookout is one of the highest spots on the island.
This lookout has a view of everything on this island, including the rain forest.

The fires from the burning houses soon died down, painting the town in dark amber.
The man who set the houses on fire fled the country. 

well they they they they don't sensationalize it anymore they used to make a big deal out of it every time it happened
The news sensationalized it every time it happened.

didn't purchase
The banker didn't purchase the car.

The information security management practices identified in GAO's executive guides have been incorporated into policy guidance at many federal agencies.
GAO is the leader in information security management.

Halfway through the second week the sky darkened and the cold western winds drew hard through the valley.
The wind from the torrent drew hard through the valley.

'If you should find yourself feeling any of these things, it is important that you let someone on staff know as soon as possible.
If you are upset with us you should tell the staff.

It will certainly require a more stable GAO, in which budget and personnel levels remain consistent from year to year and reflect a work plan built from the strategic plan.
The personnel levels are more important to the GAO's stability than the budget levels for strategic purposes.

i i've i've barely made it out of high school
My grades were really bad. 

For a refreshing look at modern urban development, visit the new, neoclassical Antigone quarter, just on the opposite side of the Place de la Comedie from the old town.
The Antigone quarter was completed last year as a counterpoint to the Place de la Comedie from the old town.

Most folks have a pretty clear idea of how much pleasure they'll get from their brother's smiles or a few days of sand and surf.
If sibling rivalry is a factor, probably no pleasure will be shown.

Since then, Mir's main oxygen system has failed repeatedly (forcing its crew to burn chemical candles to survive), its commander has developed heartbeat irregularities (caused by stress), and a cosmonaut has accidentally unplugged its main computer (which is less powerful than the chip in some cellular phones).
Supporters feel that this state of affairs is simply too dangerous to allow it to continue.

Edinburgh has throughout most of its history been a very compact city.
The citizens of Edinburgh are proud to be in a compact city.

no well he retired from one job and then took another one you know took that early retirement deal now has two salaries
The early retirement deal used to have .5 salaries but now it has two. 

Nothing doing, said Julius.
Julius was now discouraged.

Unemployment has dropped to 2.6 percent between February and April 1997 from 3.3 percent in the same period a year ago.
The reason for a lower rate of unemployment was the new government policy.

but are you at TI
Are you a temp at TI?

But it's the vivacious Moors and Christians fiesta, with its bare-bellied, flashing-eyed slave-girls and swashbuckling corsairs, that really makes the town unique.
Most of the slave girls had originated from Africa. 

I stuck my head out into the black, breathing in the night.
I stuck my head out the car window.

Tradition dictates a toss of a coin over your shoulder to ensure a return trip.
The return trip is of course ensured by the contract of the travel agency, but the fun of the tradition is still there.

The larger of the men closed in from behind them.
The men were afraid as the others closed in. 

If I caught it, returned it, and received nothing in return, I have nothing to tax.
I don't have to tax the fish I caught and returned.

we're we're really on an ecology kick up here i guess like all the rest of the country and
I have learned so much about current ecology.

The daughter's boyfriend, Dominic, is a cynic who lives only for himself.
Dominic is cynic and egoistic, said his sister.

that's right and the barge from New York that went around the world and
The barge that went around the world is famous.

Increased economic growth, thus, could provide the resources to help
The data has been studied only for a certain period of time.

On the rue St-Vincent at the corner of rue des Saules, look out for Paris' last surviving vineyard, the tiny Clos de Montmartre, producing a wine that reputedly makes you jump like a goat. 
The Clos de Montmartre wine is made from a combination of reisling and pinot grapes.

Again, the point is to bypass the troubled legal case against Clinton and to focus instead on the overwhelming moral case.
The legal case against Clinton is about her emails.

because once you get it what are you going to do with it if it if it's too hot
You cannot even return it if it's too hot.

oh so you picked a good field then you picked a good field
You picked a good field to play baseball on.

Most responses could be divided into two kinds of  some target snobs who disdain the rabble (the reluctant dentist, the smarmy candidate), others target slobs who are the rabble (passengers in coach, customers at Kmart).
One of the categories had more responses than the other.

 Dave reached for a heavy hammer, meaning to follow.
Dave reached for the heavy hammer, meaning to follow his friends out the door. 

What really disturbs me is  If we don't really understand what has gone wrong in Japan, who's to say the same thing can't happen to us?
If we don't know why the Japanese economy has failed, it might happen to us.

Their names appear on the title pages.
The names are on the title page on the 7th page in the book.

You read my wife's last words as an accusation ”Inglethorp was continuing ”"they were, on the contrary, an appeal to me." The Coroner reflected a moment, then he said: "I believe, Mr. Inglethorp, that you yourself poured out the coffee, and took it to your wife that evening?"
The Coroner held the wife's words in high regard as he interviewed Inglethorp.

The substantive issue at stake is hard news vs. soft  Each network is accusing the others of going soft in pursuit of ratings.
Networks are always pursing ratings.

A Slovakian satellite on collision course,' the captain shouted, and both members of the crew faked quite well pressing the emergency buttons.
The captain that shouted 'A Slovakian satellite on collision course' was just a hired actor, and he played his role well.

In fiscal years 1999 and 2000, $10 million was appropriated each year for the demonstration project.
The demonstration project received a lot of money for two years.

Derry herself was behind the counter, yelling at chefs.
The chefs were good at their jobs.

There were not many driveable roads, however, so the Ranas' new Rolls-Royces were brought to Kathmandu in pieces, either on frames carried by big teams of porters or on the ropeway, a lift that carried freight from Hetauda in the Terai over the Mahabharat range.
There had recently been floods which had made the roads undrivable.

wow so it doesn't sound like he's ready to retire yet
Even though he is at retirement age he still wants to work. 

Perhaps the whole situation really would have blown over.
Maybe we would have forgiven ourselves for the fight we had.

oh my God ate you alive
You should use some bug spray next time.

Only some wall fragments remain of the former Etruscan stronghold in Fiesole itself, but there are extensive Roman ruins, including a well-preserved amphitheater dating to 100 b.c. ' still in use for summertime festivals which seats 2,500 spectators.
The Roman amphitheatre is in much better condition and is much more popular than the Etruscan stronghold.

In submitting the state plan, Melville D. Miller Jr., president of Legal Services of New Jersey, argued that the Passaic County office's alleged problems made it an undesirable merger partner.
Melville D. Miller said Passaic County would need to fix its problem with retention.

And if you haven't yet installed Internet Explorer 4.0, you can get a free download by clicking here.
Internet Explorer 4.0 is well worth a download.

it takes time yeah last year we had a oh just a wonderful trip up to Trappers Lake oh it was cold and rain the whole time and
We go to Trappers Lake to fish every spring and we really enjoy it. 

For a more comprehensive discussion, see Joint Committee on Taxation, Present Law and Background on Federal Tax Provisions Relating to Retirement Savings Incentives, Health and Long-Term Care, and Estate and Gift Taxes (JCX-29-99), June 15, 1999.
The book is available under the Public Domain.

Seco (dry) never really is, and dulce is very sweet.
Dulce is more sweet then Seco.

Frank E Peretti i have to look for those
I think I might know where those are.

We should do the same.
It would be best if we do it the same.

Postal Service considers the terminal dues amounts contained in Table 1 commercially sensitive.
The terminal dues amounts in Table 1 exceed $1 million USD.

He looked at Susan.
Jon looked at Susan.

He said he's never lost interest in having lawyers do what they can to help those in need.
John said he's always been interested in having lawyers help people and that's why he became one. 

They were locked in a trunk in a sealed room in Edinburgh Castle for 111 years before Sir Walter Scott received permission to open the room in 1818.
They were in a trunk for over a hundred years before anyone found them.

Columbia Legal Services receives no LSC funds.
Besides not receiving LSC funds, Columbia Legal Services also don't get funds from charities.

uh oh yeah it's not just yeah it's not just TI they they're doing the same thing up here and not just uh in yesterday's newspaper they said um IBM's going through they're going to lay off like fourteen thousand world wide
There are a lot of big companies that are sending employees home.

The Prodigal Son is an old story.
The Prodigal Son is an old story about life, the universe, and everything.

i don't know what they call them but i'm plagued with those things down here and i haven't figured out i even called the nursery either though see
I haven't been able to get rid of them for over a year.

well i heard a a frightening thing actually actually i didn't hear it it was told to me or suggested to me uh that to work as a teacher in the public school systems in the state of Texas and i think it's similar in in many other states if you have a degree in a technical field you do not need a teaching certificate because there is such a shortage
Becoming a teacher in Texas is difficult because there is a shortage of people. 

He said his group takes on about 10,000 cases per year with a staff of eight or nine attorneys.
The group could handle more cases if they had more staff.

oh okay because i'm down at NC State
I'm in NC for school. 

The open recommendations database is available to the public on GAO's Web site www.gao.gov.
Outside of www.gao.gov, the database isn't available anywhere else for the public to view.

you know i i think to be you know convicted being convicted is one thing you know and that's and that's great if they're convicted if they're sentenced to death to me you could not sentence them to death unless the case was for sure i mean it had
I on't care about the death penalty because they're all bad people.

Case studies involve what methodologists call thick  rich, full information that should come from multiple data sources, particularly from firsthand observations.
A majority of information came from firsthand observations. 

(Some of this information can be found in agency homepages on the Web.)
The agency's website is the best source of information you can find on the internet.

I had a new patient coming in.
The new patient is unable to speak.

The Faltats Museum is housed in an old mansion and features costumes, arts and crafts, and photographs.
The Faltats Museum is a world famous museum.

what would it take about thirty hours or something like that thirty two thirty six
How many hours are the classes , thirty plus hours?

absolutely i i i think it's extremely difficult to keep up with all that uh we have to these days
It seems like it never stops. There is always something to do. 

'I thought I heard a gunshot.'
I thought I heard a rifle being fired.

Ullswater is the one major lake in the northeast corner of the Lake District.
Ullswater is the deepest of all of the lakes in the Lake District.

okay well um  thanks for hearing me ramp i guess  all right nice talking with you
The conversation was pleasant even though I rambled on.

Starting pay is only $31,196, Waters said.
Waters stated that the starting pay for the open position was a paltry $31,196.

(2) determines the types and ranges of services, (3) sets the rate of payment for services, and (4) administers its own program.
There is a second edition with 8 steps.

It encloses the famous Golden Gate (Alt??nkap??), the grand triumphal arch of the Byzantine emperors, which existed before the walls were built and was incorporated into them.
The golden arch predates the walls by a century.

especially around cities um uh do you live right in the city itself
Is your home inside the city limits?

Table 2.2: Complexity of Questions Example Characteristic
The questions need to be answered 

Bug fixing is time consuming.
I can fix bugs quickly but there are too many.

No, I tell ya, and then he says who that woman is...
He asked if the woman was related to him.

Above the sand is Palisades Park, a pretty, palm-lined stretch that runs for a mile (11.2 km) along Ocean Avenue.
Palisades Park is a private beach.

Longer hikes follow well-marked trails across the fields.
It's not recommended that beginners take longer hikes on these trails.

Some tour buses that take you around the highlights let you hop on and off, wherever and as often as you like, all on one ticket, for a period of up to 48 hours.
The ticket for some tour buses can be valid for up to 48 hours.

It would have been wiser to install a more high-powered model, but that would have meant a trip to some outpost of civilization; lost time; perhaps a lost secret.
They didn't want to travel to some far away lost civilization to get a hgih powered model.

But what is the other figure?"  "The stars," Hanson told him impatiently.
Hanson thought his question was a ridiculous one.

For example, GAO recommended that the President's Council on Year 2000 Conversion require agencies to develop contingency plans for all critical core business processes.
The President's Council on Year 2000 happened within the last decade.

oh yeah actually i just saw a movie uh called The Lost Capone
it was pretty good, despite the title.

The cover had been designed, the catalog copy written.
A new cover had been designed for the albumb.

and uh we lived here for about seven years then we moved back and so then i said i'm going to move back up there to go to college
We enjoyed the seven years we lived here.

Somebody might accept you next time. 
Not everyone is accepting of you.

i don't know i guess that's it say hi to Pittsburgh if you're
I really miss Pittsburg.

They had to hunch to get in the first tunnels but deep within they rose into high square caves and finally into the open mines.
They were hiding in the mines.

i'm not into that you know i just like Rambo and all that
Rambo was my favorite above all else.

it just doesn't make sense to buy a used car down here
It probably isn't a great idea to buy a preowned car around here.

To gain a better understanding of how tax incentives affect national saving, look at one  how a tax deduction for a traditional tax-deferred IRA may affect government and ultimately national saving.
Most people reading this have poor knowledge of taxes

Or of being lost.
There is no way to find it.

For example, at the state agency, we also met with a statewide security program official and with state auditors.
The statewide security program official was thrilled to meet with us at the state agency.

Old books.
Old books have the most information.

They then seek to ensure their processes provide managers at each organizational level with the authority and flexibility they need to contribute to the organization's mission.
The processes are successful in giving managers authority.

In addition, we asked the Computer Security Institute to
There is an institue for computer security 

The newly revised statement more successfully
The revised statement was done so recently.

but now everything's done so
Everything is done, so go home. 

Figure 1: Six Principles and Key Characteristics of CIO Management in Leading Organizations
Figure 1: All the principles that should be looked into for CIO management.

The Commission determined almost twenty years ago that there was a need for specialized rules to facilitate Postal Service mail classification requests involving proposed new services, or changes in existing services, that were intended to serve as experiments.
The experiments were never implemented due to lack of funding.

In a comfortable little theater you can watch a one-hour demonstration of tea ceremony, traditional music and dance, flower arranging, puppet theater, and a kyogen farce.
Most people visit the theater for the tea ceremony.

The cymbidiums have received many awards, most notably from the British Royal Horticultural Society.
There are few places that can grow cymbidiums like these.

you know i that i didn't base everything on that
I already told you yesterday that I didn't base everything on that.

well you know they tell you that you get tried by a jury of your peers
A jury of your peers will make for a fair trial.  

The city was inaugurated with great ceremony in 330 and, in honour of the emperor, was renamed Constantinople.
Citizens of Constantinople were happy to live there.

While new technologies and reengineering of business processes may change how certifying and disbursing officers operate, their basic responsibilities and accountabilities remain unaltered.
New technology and reengineering of KFC processes may change.

Politicians who seemed not to know how to handle rifles like men.
Some of those politicians were women.

i love to uh i i love to mow it i don't like weeding the flower beds around the house and my son's supposed to do that but pretty every once and a while they get ahead of him  so i end up doing that for him and and my wife sometimes takes care of the flowers
I love mowing because I have a new riding lawn mower.

so and but then you won't have to do it just imagine sometimes your kids you'll be saying well it's your job go do it you know  but it
Do the kids always say it's your job?

between 1989 and 1996, and the number of routes increased 7 percent.
Between 1979 and 1980, and the number of routes increased only 2 percent.

As a research method, the case study originates in the social sciences, particularly in the fieldwork of anthropology and sociology.
Case studies proved so effective that they have since migrated into the so-called hard sciences.

we cannot feed the world and we should not please the world this
We don't have the resources to feed the world.

The Access to Justice fees are sent to a foundation that provides money to legal aid services such as Bowling Green's Kentucky Legal Aid.
The fees help pay for legal aid services on college campuses.

lot of mud
There is a lot of mud on my shoes.

 Senor? Drew raised his wet head from the bunkhouse basin and reached out for a sacking towel.
Drew reached for a white towel. 

Viewing/Responding to Comments of Others
Read/Reply to your friend's comments

It is almost nonstop fun, and because it is only minutes from the international airport, there is no lengthy transfer to your hotel.
The hotel has gym and pool facilities.

At the water's edge, you can rent a boat and go into midstream for a view of the impressive skyline, which features many Hindu temples, gopuram towers, Muslim minarets, and Mughal domes.
Rent a boat to see the impressive view of the skyline and you won't be disappointed.

Variation among states in the rate of such missing returns was of particular concern.
A lot of tax returns were missing 

Also, 80% of all domestic-violence cases are handled without lawyers.
The majority of domestic-violence cases end in divorce proceedings.

Nanak, their guru (teacher), was born a Hindu in 1469 and reared on the egalitarian principles of Islam.
Nanak was extremely popular amongst his students and colleagues.

so so it wouldn't show up yeah well it's not that's true see there's the there it is right there it's not illegal
It doesn't appear on the test and it's not something that's illegal, so I don't think it matters.

I thanked him.
He did something good. 

It was eight o'clock.
It was precisely eight o'clock.

The moments flew. 
We didn't want it to end.

When Angelenos refer to The Valley, they are talking about the San Fernando Valley, a chain of communities north across the mountains from western and downtown Los Angeles.
Property prices in The Valley are very high due to the strict zoning laws in the area.

Renovated in 1999.
Given a much better look in 1999.

this is enough  i can't take this any more  this is disgusting
I'm not going to do any more gross things for you.

She became so interested in the area's ongoing struggle and the local culture that she decided to study it systematically, exiting from her marriage to return there.
An anthropologist, she thought her understanding of the area's troubles were more important than her personal life.

but um  so is there anything else
I am trying to break the habit of saying um.

but u h they're kind of fun to to try get a get a few and then throw them in with the rest of your salad sometimes
I like an assortment in my salad.

'I can go back at anytime?' I managed to ask.
I asked if I could return right now.

 Dave Hanson could repair anything that contained electrical circuits or ran on tiny jeweled bearings, but he could handle almost nothing else.
Dave has been a repairing electrical items for years.

However, because there is a substantial amount of work that can be accomplished with the boiler on line, the additional time would be much less than the number of high electricity demand months that are accommodated by this approach.
The boiler that is on line is operational for 24 hours a day, 7 days a week. 

and not too much soy sauce uh some chopped up scallions um you know slivers of scallions
Too much soy sauce will overpower the whole dish.

You should avoid drinking tap water, and stick to bottled mineral water, which is easily available everywhere maden suyu is carbonated mineral water, memba suyu is still mineral water.
This is because there is a super villain in Italy who pees in the water reservoires and no one can stop him!

Generally, construction labor is proportional to the amount of steel used in the system.
Construction labor costs are always directly related to the amount of steel used.

You know, it's not a bad idea to close the windows when it rains.
If you don't close the windows, the house will fill with water.

Resting in the shadow of the castle walls is the Lesvos Archaeological Museum, with one of the finest collections of artifacts in Greece.
The Lesvos Archaeological Museum was constructed in the 1970s.

In the Himalayan mountains there is the hill-station of Simla which once served as the British summer capital and the magical but dangerous region of Kashmir.
Kashmir is dangerous because there is a large conflict.

uh-huh and Warren Moon is is proving himself quite well right now
Warren Moon has been studying this for many years.

Gandhi  He was the youngest of four.
He had three older brothers.

yeah no i mean they were saying that of us that we're the North Americans and they're Americans they they we always say we're Americans and they they want us to say we're the North Americans we're not Americans we're North Americans and they're South Americans yeah
Americans are not North Americans according to them.

Attorneys working for Legal Services help about 50,000 people a year.
Attorneys are always happy to get more clients.

Oh! said Tuppence, impressed.
Tuppence was impressed by the fact, that the man could jump while standing on his hands.

He begins by suggesting that if the United States could achieve growth rates reported by South Korea in the past couple of decades, our grandchildren would eventually be earning $2 million a day.
The grandchildren will earn more than 2 million a day.

The convent contains a museum with Spanish treasures, and you can climb the belltower for spectacular views of Old Havana.
The convent contains a museum with Spanish treasures but they are mostly replicas. 

His hair was dirty, tied back with a string of leather.
He stole a piece of leather from the tanner to tie his hair.

After all, what is this number we call productivity?
Productivity is a number given in percentages.

It ended in a profitable marriage alliance with the Greeks, but later Chandragupta turned to more sober  he converted to Jainism, and finally starved to death at the temple of Sravanabelagola.
Chandragupta would have been better had he not converted.

I'm not sure I have, said Tuppence darkly.
Tuppence is forgetful and is regularly uncertain that she has completed a task. 

The coast road takes you west to Pointe du Grouin, a cliff 40 m (130 ft) high, with a spectacular view of the Chausey Islands to the north and to Saint-Malo, a town steeped in seafaring history; its sailors left their name as far afield as the Malouines, claimed by the British as the Falkland Islands.
There is a famous resort located on Chausey island, despite it's rocky beaches.

and the prices what you get here for about a hundred thousand you could get there for about seventy five eighty
The prices are lower over there because nobody wants to live there.

But foreign invasions are nothing new to these islanders.
These islands have been colonized by invaders before.

These words represent both a reality and an aspiration.
The aspiration is difficult to reach.

but i don't know too much about the death penalty
I would like to learn more about the death penalty.

oh that'll be good we really need some my husband keeps wanting to yeah and i heard the video's even going to be longer they did a lot of stuff that they cut out
I hear that the video is going to be at least three hours long.

I've some letters I must finish by post-time. 
I really want to finish these letters on time.

and i thought it was a good sacrifice to make
I thought quitting gluten was a good sacrifice

Adrin grasped his right hand with his left.
Adrin clapped his hands together.

Figure 1: Organization and Accountability Criteria for the Department of Homeland Security
How to regulate the Department of Homeland Security.

On that point he could come to no conclusion.
He needed more information to come to a decision about that point.

The Casa Grande of the Stronghold was a high-ceilinged, five-room building about sixty feet long, the kitchen making a right angle to the other rooms and joining the smoke house to form part of another wall for the patio.
The Casa Grande is the most beautiful structure in the Stronghold.

um the the tax attorney
The tax attorney was a 38 year old man and he was very greedy.

parts 11 and 614 must be exhausted.
Part 11 should be exhausted first.

If it's foodstuffs you're after, there are some unusual offerings in the Lakes.
The lake has james beard winning chefs.

These witnesses of yours are all right, I suppose?"
You have over twenty witnesses supporting you.

And supposedly each year reduced the RQ by five or ten points.
The RQ will go down at least 5 points every year.

His determination had other results as  Gass was named a justice of the peace and a territorial legislator.
His determination resulted in a feeling of being accomplished.

During Kosovo, Nickles said publicly that he had told President Clinton, I don't think that we should begin bombing unless and until the Serbs really begin a very significant massacre.
President Clinton did not seem to follow Nickles' advice.

He comes back
He always returns after a few days.

Exposure stared him in the face.
Publicity was looking straight at him, making him feel ill and dizzy.

now they don't want the money for food that's for sure
The kids don't want money for food anymore, it's all about clothes. 

'Natalia!' I called.
I yelled into the forest, asking Natalia if she was there.

That Mr. Brown is JULIUS? 
Julius was pretending to be a Mr. Brown all this time?

It moves Krauthammer to wonder, Who the hell does she think she is [not to testify because] she doesn't like her prosecutor?
She didn't testify because her prosecuter was mean to her.

I am vexed by this connection now that I know the real messiah is ...
I am glad to know who the messiah finally is though.

To fulfill the requirements of section 204 regarding providing an opportunity for input from State, local and tribal governments, a Federal-State-Relations Conference was held and the numerous comments received from these entities were considered and are discussed in the preamble and the final Regulatory Impact Analysis.
The conference found out that the state and federal governments have overlapping laws.

She didn't have the courage to look him straight in the eye.
Because of threats that were made earlier, she was afraid to look at him.

Tourism is a major factor in France's econ?­o?­my and every effort is made to enhance your visit.
The level of service in France is unrivalled.

But Sir James interrupted him.
Sir James had some very important information to share and interrupted the man.

Following union with England in 1707, however, there was little use for the Scottish regalia.
The union between Scotland and England was negotiated over 20 years.

Add the shrill vocals of former Sex Pistol John Lydon, and the result is Leftfield's hectoring . Drench a track in shadowy atmosphere, and the result is the ominous soundscape of Tricky's . Combine '50s space music, French pop balladeering, and Marxist catch phrases, and the result is such Stereolab confections as . Transpose the cyclical rhythms of dance music (and work by minimalist composers like Steve Reich) to guitars, and the result is the hypnotic disorientation of My Bloody Valentine's . Include reggae rhythms and quotations from Indian and Arabic music, and the result is the ethno-techno of Loop Guru tracks like .
Mixing Bob Marley's earlier tracks with the current hit from Guru Krishna's yoga meditation music and the result is Taylor Swift's 1989 album. 

He has made his pre-testimony-leaks-don't-apply argument in sealed court papers and also has publicly denied believing anything so foolish, Brill points out.
His testimony regarded the murder of Milgaard.

Dissenters say he glorifies violence, writes one-dimensional villains, and doesn't understand women.
Dissenters say that Donald Trump doesn't understand women.

In Patton , George C. Scott as General Patton looks over an imminent battle scene and says something like God help me--I do love it so!
George C. Scott gave a compelling performance as the General. 

As appropriate, such courtesy will be extended by GAO staff conducting the work to the agency-designated central liaison or point of contact for the work.
They were at one time not nice to each other.

Shifting funds from the federal government would affect the relative contributions of the federal government and households to national saving.
It is better for household savings to be emphasized over federal government savings.

So, why not just develop a convenient cat allergy?
Why can't we use a cat allergy to defeat him?

 "The sky's falling, Dave Hanson.
"The sky is going to land on us and crush us, Dave Hanson."

British army office Robert Gayer-Anderson bought the latter between the two World Wars, and fully restored it with exquisite fretwork, wooden balconies, tiled floors, and simple stucco walls.
Robert Gayer-Anderson paid over £20,000 to buy it.

He teaches at the University.
He teaches astronomy at the University.

oh goodness well i'll let you get i enjoyed it bye
You're obviously extremely busy so I'll let you go now. 

The rule was promulgated through the general notice of proposed rulemaking procedures of the Act, 5 U.S.C.
Act, 5 U.S.C. usually only promotes the rules they are sure are going to pass.

Just four years later, cholera claimed the lives of up to 7,000 Madeirans, and in 1873 the dreaded disease phylloxera destroyed the remainder of the vineyards.
The vineyards were never the same after the Cholera attacked.

yeah don't yeah and see that would be okay you could have somebody check on each one of them every day you know go by and see what they need
You could have someone check every day to be sure it was going ok.

Electricity generators must hold an allowance for each ton of pollution they emit - one ton, one allowance.
Once allowances run out, there is no way to get more.

The Study of  Field-Based Methodologies in
The studies were read by the committee.

 Making your own way to the villages will cost less than if you take an organized excursion, which includes the in- evitable libation of sangr?­a.
Travelling to the villages by yourself is a more memorable experience than an organized excursion.

I e-mailed back asking for a more specific URL, and they wrote back, Look around there.
I had been trying to find the right URL for hours.

it is i just have to take my hat off to Peter DeNiro he is one of the best actors i've ever seen it's
Peter DeNiro is the best actor in the industry.

An all-day subway pass (available at any ticket machine) costs the equivalent of less than four central-area subway tickets (about US$7).
The prices in this part of town are much cheaper than other areas.

18,19 However, changes in alcohol consumption are often not sustained among participants in control conditions.
Participants always go back to their old alcohol consumption amounts.

A man like myself is bound to attract notice.
A person of my stature will always attract stalkers.

hm yeah it's incredible now
It's definitely a whole lot better than before. 

'Mission,' Greuze considered, 'might be too strong a term.
Greuze looked for a more mild tern.

yeah well down payment is a tough problem i guess
The down payment on my house is hard to afford.

And if you look at any major textbook in international economics--such as the perennial best seller by Krugman and Maurice Obstfeld--you still find that the monetary half of the book is very largely based on the papers Mundell wrote in the early 1960s.
Mundell wrote some papers about economics that are now featured in textbooks.

We're here to save them and they treat us as the attackers.
They treat us like attackers even though we're here to save them from the evil army.

for everybody to see
For everybody to see, though we didn't want them to. 

i guess that's most of my um financial plans right now is is there anything you'd like to add
I'm doing okay with my finances right now.

Old entrenched conservatism hampered her birth-control programs to check the rocketing population growth.
Birth control was the only good option to check the rocketing population growth

(Fortitude and one of the Sibyls are attributed to Perugino's 17-year-old pupil, Raphael. )
Raphael would later become famous for Fortitude and become a great artist.

Is it worth sacrificing a small amount of freedom for cheaper auto insurance?
I'm not sure the discount is really worth it.

Or else that roughenin' up you took in town still sit sour on your stomach?"
You are not upset about that roughening up you took in town.

As the Board stated in the Introduction and Background chapter of this Statement, it believes that these stewardship items warrant specialized reporting to highlight their importance and to portray them in additional ways than provided by financial accounting.
The Board is composed of a variety of members.

What household characteristics predict differences in household-level postal demand?
The number of pets a family owns strongly predicts their postal demand.

But the main problems the mob faces are only getting worse.
The mob has many problems in organization and timing.

Motor racing fans can watch the Grand Prix of Italy at Monza, near Milan, or at Imola, near Bologna.
Monza, near Milan, is the better of the two sites.

The Times Union coverage of Law Day quoted Chief Judge Judith S. Kaye as saying, The promise of freedom and equal justice is an empty one if our justice system is not accessible.
The quote that The Times Union printed was not accurate.

Other commenters-including the Commission's Office of Consumer Advocate-expressed doubts regarding the legal soundness of one or both of the proposed variants of such agreements.
Other commenters included the President of America.

and passed it on to people that were interested
People were interested because it was very rare.

Typically, OSI refers this information to the appropriate agency's Office of Inspector General or another law enforcement agency for action.
OSI sends the budget information to the appropriate agency.

and one of them was even a woman who was fairly old and i guess she she had her own separate room and i think whether it's more a custom up there or maybe because i was younger and it's just not a custom anymore
The old woman definitely had a custom room. 

Almost all stores are closed on Sundays.
All stores are open on weekdays.

By 1968, that annus horribilis when Johnson cracked from the pressure of mediating an increasingly centripetal Democratic Party and Kennedy fell to an assassin's bullet, two political ideal-types had  a silent majority who supported Johnson's war on Vietnam and voted in Richard Nixon, and a new class of liberal professionals and youth who supported Johnson's war on poverty but detested everything Richard Nixon represented.
Some people supported Johnson and voted in Nixon and regretted it immediately.

The vestibule is decorated with handsome 17th-century Baroque walnut panelling.
The paneling is has been made by the finest carpenters available.

FIND JANE FINN."
Jade Finn is hiding.

Look, Poirot! I said. 
The speaker wants Poirot to look at vampires emerging from their graves.

oh belly dance
Oh belly dance, I hate that.

For a more extensive discussion, see N. Gregory Mankiw, Macroeconomics, Fourth Edition (New York, N.Y.: Worth Publishers, 2000), pp. 90-97; or Olivier Blanchard, Macroeconomics, Second Edition (Upper Saddle River, N.J.: Prentice Hall, 2000), pp. 214-220.
There is a more extensive discussion of the economic climate in Macroeconomics, Fourth Edition.

yeah you probably don't have the right temperatures and stuff probably not too many people eat it up there either it seems to be kind of a southern delicacy
Not many northerners like to eat frog legs, it seems to be a southern thing.

Newsweek notes that while the Dalai Lama promotes religious understanding and meditation, he opposes abortion, contraception, and homosexual acts.
The Dalai Lama also promotes daily stretching exercises.

By Wednesday morning we had received half a dozen e-mail messages from various readers establishing beyond question, with supportive documentation, that Amelio supported George Bush in 1992 and Bob Dole in 1996.
The readers who sent the emails came from a variety of backgrounds and from all over the country.

What matters most for China's struggling Christians is not where religious freedom ranks on some abstract scale of good and bad.
They have been Christians since they were born.

that  was you can't really be sure of the quality of what you got you know
The quality of the item you got appears to be excellent, but you should inspect it.

study's results were used to calculate the parameter to measure the effect of deciview changes on WTP.
The study was recognized internationally and won a Nobel prize.

and uh and the uh PC Junior was a total failure
The PC Junior had some advantages but they weren't enough.

uh-huh is your brother younger than you or
What is the age difference between you and your brother?

Reliability growth testing provides visibility over how reliability is improving and uncovers design problems so fixes can be incorporated before production begins.
Destruction testing is one popular method of reliability testing.

Mussolini begins Fascist regime with March on Rome, declaring himself Prime Minister then Duce
Mussolini was a megalomaniac obsessed with power, pursuing eccentric titles.

Assuming they are valid around the current discount level of 6a, they clearly show a good deal of sensitivity to the discount.
A ten percent discount led to a fifty percent increase in purchases.

NRCS states that the program was authorized at $1.
The program was really cheap. 

yeah yeah that was quite a the buffalo scene in that thing was so real it's like  i mean it just blew me away
The buffalo scene was the best CGI I've ever seen!

When the worst is over, at least 144,000 Jews will make it, possibly many more, though they'll all have to convert to pass muster.
Jews have to convert in order to survive.

you know and held over for trial
Remanded for trial for murder.

yeah that's what we'll do we'll take some we'll take take out like sometimes on the weekend um like snacks
We rarely get takeout during the week.

Exclusion of interest earned on U.S.
Interest earned in the us 

Adrin stooped and picked up his rapier.
Adrin was very experienced with rapiers.

When he was ten paces away Ca'daan saw the deep gash flooding blood down from the slave master's throat.
Ca'daan saw blood running down from the slave master's throat after it had been cut by a sword.

well that's like i said
I said something like eating rotten potato salad is my favorite thing to do.

To incurable bluenoses, gambling is an infuriating scam.
People who lose at gambling tables think it is a scam.

Unlike the House, which finished impeachment in December, the Senate lost the first two months of its current session to the trial.
The senate lost the trial case in later sessions to the trial.

We therefore vacate and remand with instructions to dismiss.
If it were up to us, we would not vacate or remand.

Oh, rash! Her voice mocked at my prudence. 
She always mocked people unfairly.

Statistical sampling procedures implemented involved a random selection of invoices from a known universe of invoices below a certain dollar amount (currently set at $2,5003)tobe examined in lieu of examining all invoices as would be done under a 100percent examination.
Statistical sampling procedures implemented involved a random selection of invoices to be examined by the IRS.

you could dry it out no matter what you couldn't kill it well i killed it pretty quick
Next time you might kill it faster than me.

Benchmarking therefore helps define specific reference points for setting goals for improving performance.
Benchmarking is a good practice 

yeah where are you at
Yep I'm here, where are you?

it probably is which is about what it costs you to park your car right
The parking rates had skyrocketed in the city during the holiday.

4, Managerial Cost Accounting Concepts and Standards for the Federal Government, as the monetary value of resources used or sacrificed or liabilities incurred to achieve an objective, such as to acquire or produce a good or to perform an activity or service (page 105).
Liabilities can include taking on debts or taking actions that may result in future legal action.

We used the intermediate assumptions, which reflect the Trustees' best estimate.
The assumptions are very useful in predicting the outcomes necessary.

Beijing views the United States as the one country that can influence China's emergence as a major global political and economic power in both a positive and a negative direction.
The United States will try to make China change in their favor.

what have you seen lately
Have you noticed new things of late?

The other received limited funding, and ultimately was provided a very short grant.
The other got $!5,000 in the form of a grant.

According to one tradition, these are the tombs of the Ottoman architects who were commanded by Suleiman the Magnificent to rebuild the long-ruined city walls.
The city walls were probably built by Ottoman architects against their will.

Absently, Lincoln gestured to one of the policemen.
Lincoln waved his hand at the cop, telling him to come over.

While the NEPDG did provide some cost-related documents to GAO, most of these documents were not useful or self-explanatory.
NEPDG provided all cost-related documents to GAO.

He stared unbelievingly through the crystal shell.
He looked on in disbelief. 

He likes to say, There are only two emotions in football--euphoria and death.
Most football fans agree that there aren't many neutral emotions associated with the game.

at least we had a good conversation anyway yeah
The best part of our conversation was when we talked about animal rights advocates.

There are always giants, and each of you has the potential to become one.
While all of you can be giants, not all of you will.

This clause is typically phrased $7,000 for positions 1-5, $5,000 for positions 6-10, and $3,000 for positions 11-15.
They thought about making them all on the same pay scale.

so that's important
Please remember this.

And I'd be getting some fat residual payments, that great Writers Guild health insurance, and jeez, just the weekly paychecks would be terrific.
I could really live well just on those weekly paychecks, let alone the rest of it.

Think of the hundred thousand pounds, said Tuppence soothingly.
Tuppence knew that money would make up for their loss.

Spanning the park and the six lanes of the busy thoroughfare Ataturk Bulvar?? are the ruins of the Aqueduct of Valens (Bozdo an Kemeri), originating back in the second century a.d.
The aqueduct of Valens is a popular destination

Studio share prices are erratic because there are no guaranteed  A studio that makes a killing this year may get killed next year.
Studio stocks can change a lot because profits rise and fall sharply.

The Republic and Civil War
The Republic sprang out of the Civil War.

But wait a minute, Chatterbox thought.
Chatterbox took a second to think, then realized the what was meant.

So why persist in newspaper reading?
Why don't people read magazines instead of newspapers?

yeah it's nice because when the weather's bad you can't you don't have any excuse
Bad weather keeps you indoors.

New York 's John Simon says, It is all McCann's play, and can he play!
John Simon is a Senator from New York.

In what order?
They could be in alphabetical or date order.

Loss of memory proceeds nearly always on the same lines.
Everyone tends to lose their memory in the same way.

The first Chechen war dealt the final disgrace.
The war ended with bloodshed.

well my son works in uh for the federal government he's he works in a computer laboratory
My son has worked for the federal government for three years now.

oh yeah yeah well we don't have a boat we usually fish off the shore or off the dock and my i've got a son that's a senior in high school and he just loves he loves fishing i i don't have the patience that he does
We don't really need a boat. We like to fish off the dock. 

LSC continues to provide technical assistance to grantees in many areas of state planning including, but not limited to, development and implementation of state plans, resource development, and mergers.
LSC assists students who received academic grants. 

Determined to impose their new religion in Europe, a predominantly Moorish army led by the Arab general Tarik landed on the Iberian peninsula in 711.
Tarik was a beloved general with many adoring fans.

He will give you ten shillings." The handwriting was Tuppence's.
The money was desperately needed.

Because much of the area is inhospitable to human activity, it is a lush area for birdlife and rare plant species that have disappeared from other parts of the island.
Other parts of the island are hospitable to humans.

First, the CEF analysis was benchmarked to a 1999 reference case.
The 1999 case showed better performance in comparison.

you know you got reason to suspect they may be doing drugs and he says sure you know take them down there and test them but i think a lot of people are going to go out and you know substitute something else for maybe what they would have done a lot of people i don't i personally don't smoke pot but a lot of people do and they do it in their own time at their at their at their own place and they're going to find they're going to go out and drink instead because they know that it's their job on the line
I think it's pointless to do testing because it will inadvertently cause some people who have light addiction habits, like pot, to go and substitute those habits with more harmful ones, like alcohol addiction, because they have to keep their job.

In addition, this guide includes examples from our case study work that best illustrate how each practice enabled the selected organization to achieve the desired outcomes.
The guide shows how case study work helped the EPA target pollution issues.

Sedelmaier has rescued Japanimation from a generational memory hole to sell a German car to young consumers who may consider it the opposite of cool.
The consumers will love the car.

These would be smaller planets, comparatively poorer in hydrogen and richer in oxygen.
The planets need to have similar features to ours.

Instead, GAO refers those who request such records to the originating organization.
GAO does not want to have to supply the reports themselves.

In any battle, regardless of the skill, there are only three options.
Whether you are weak or powerful, you only have a limited selection of what you can do in a battle scenario.

Also in 1996, other new requirements were adopted governing what legal services programs can do and whom they can represent.
New requirements now prevent legal services programs from helping many of the people it used to represent.

These were obviously reanimates, men who'd been pulled from his own world and set to work.
The reanimates were never quite right.

There was no fuel for the 'copter we finished--the one we called Betsy Ann.
The helicopter ran out of gas two days ago.

Adjustments for Changes in Income Over Time
The change in income is shown in a formula.

I saw their eyes.
I never before knew how beautiful a cheetah's eyes were. 

So even this far away from the scene of old battles the war still smoldered; the black bitterness of defeat was made harder by the victor.
The victor won by a landslide.

Sustainable coffee, grown in the shade amid other vegetation, is better for the environment and a great way to differentiate java in an overcrowded market.
Sustainable coffee, although more expensive, is better for the environment and better from a marketing perspective.

It was certainly utterly dissimilar. 
It wasn't similar at all but it was like the other one instead. 

The turn-of-the-century hotel reeks of international glamour and clings to its formal (jacket and tie) ambience.
The hotel is too formal and has too much glamour.

they're they're in good spots and i i have an automatic i can't drive a standard
I think driving a standard is kind of difficult.

Anyone with any sense could see at once that her husband had poisoned her. 
Anyone could easily tell that the husband had poisoned her drink.

From this point on, anything  Smell the wines first, smell the standards, start to see which terms describe which wine, writes Noble.
Noble is a wine expert.

His transformation from reasonable man to demagogic bigot is as frightening as it is predictable.
Most people become like that once they become politicians.

We conducted our study from May 2001 through October 2001 in accordance with generally accepted government auditing standards.
Participants in the study included CPA's from all of the nations top firms. 

Some are also upset by the eroticism of Parmigianino in his strange but undeniably graceful Madonna with the Long Neck (1534) just look at those elongated fingers a masterpiece of the sophisticated and subsequently decadent Mannerism that followed the High Renaissance.
Madonna with the Long Neck was the most controversial piece ever displayed in a museum.

You should come see yourself.
If you come and see for yourself you will probably like the results.

'But my parents did not like this.
My parents didn't like this so they left.

Shiva is also lord of learning and dance.
Shiva is a revered lord in our religion.

big garage a big basement just like my parents house except for on the water
My parents house was in the middle of a field and not next to water. 

you couldn't really wear a coat because it was so hot and then again i picked up a cold
Coats are only good when it is below forty degrees.

oh um well that's nice nice little garden
It's the nicest one we've seen today.

The Kiosk of Emperor Trajan, a beautiful building with ornate floral capitals supported by elegant Corinthian columns, makes a striking contrast to the Egyptian temple designs.
Egyptian temple designs took longer to make than the Kiosk of Emperor Trajan.

They give me a paltry allowance while they live high on the hog with cruises, flying trips, etc., leaving me home to feed the cats and empty the litter pans.
I am angry that they leave me to do the dirty work. 

I will therefore briefly set down the circumstances which led to my being connected with the affair. 
I wish I wasn't involved with the affair. 

Applicable Implementation Plan
There is an applicable implementation plan in order for the evacuation order.

The temples are divided into three western, eastern, and southern.
In the north, there is a park instead of a temple.

Sandals are a tradition in Jerusalem's Old Cite while an Arab keffiyeh head-dress (as modelled by Yasser Arafat) is useful for warding off desert dust and sun.
Sandals are a tradition in Jerusalem's Old Cite because they're considered fashionable.

This unique light brings a phosphorescence to the most commonplace little square or side street.
The lighting brings the phosphorescence by reflecting the light perfectly.

All day, this gangling, bug-eyed oddball plays Scriabin on his grand piano while Shandurai dusts, vacuums, sews, irons, and launders.
Shandurai is paid for completing several different household chores.

uh uh had just quit rehearsal about a half hour before
We had to quit rehearsal early because of the storm. 

In addition, while these agencies address partnering with customers and other stakeholders, greater emphasis should be placed in fostering the necessary collaboration both within and across organizational boundaries to achieve results.
Increasing relationships within an organization contributes to exponential growth.

Besides, complains New York 's Mark Stevens, there are more dresses on display than paintings.
Mark Stevens from New York is disappointed because he is an art critic but has seen mostly dresses so far.

In an open economy such as the United States, an increase in saving due to, for example, an increase in the federal budget surplus may not result in an equivalent increase in domestic investment.
An increase in saving never results in and increase in domestic investment. 

uh-huh will they let you take a computer home to work
I think that they will let you take one of the computers home.

From the top of the Colline Saint-Eutrope, you get a good bird's-eye view of the theater in relation to the triumphal arch and the Rhine Valley beyond.
You can see a lot from the top of Colline Saint-Eutrope because it's about 2000 feet in the air.

Find out how he did it. 
I'm to find out how he did it, though I think it may be more than a matter of asking him outright. 

so but it's  it's just you know oh well we've been talking for five minutes that's the only obligation we have
We can keep talking, since it is the only thing we should do.

She believed that time is not the issue as much as redirecting the focus of the interaction during their time with the patient.
She tried a method of redirecting the focus of interaction with the patient, which reduced the time efficiently. 

15These fiscal policy simulations do not reflect other federal commitments and responsibilities not fully recognized in the federal budget, including the costs of federal insurance programs, clean-up costs from federal operations resulting in hazardous wastes, and the demand for new investment to modernize deteriorating or obsolete physical infrastructure (e.g.
The fiscal policy simulations don't reflect everything in the budget as some things are constantly changing.

The other was puffing closed, and his lip was torn, a trickle of blood rising there to drip down his chin.
His nose was also bleeding. 

The Council document also noted that inexplicably 18-B lawyers are handling 50 percent of the indigent criminal cases in New York City, even though their mandate is to handle only multi-defendant cases where the Legal Aid Society had a conflict.
Chronic shortages of funding for the Legal Air Society has to misapplication of other resources.

The final rule amends the Child and Adult Care Food Program regulations governing reimbursement for meals served in family day care homes by incorporating changes resulting from the Department's review of comments it received on a January 7, 1997, interim rule.
The Department's review of comments was extremely extensive.

What? Tuppence clutched his arm.
Tuppence had a tight grip on his arm. 

Both the economists cited and Scott Shuger seem confused.
Scott Shuger didn't like the economists. 

Caravaggio admirers will find some of his greatest masterpieces right in the the St. Matthew trilogy in the fine Baroque church of San Luigi dei Francesi, and the moving Madonna of the Pilgrims in the Renaissance church of Sant'Agostino.
The church of San Luigi dei Francesi is five hundred years old. 

#NAME?
They had a lot of tools to store.

Legal services programs have been strengthened by offering a wide range of services, including self-help clinics and hotlines and working relationships with social services agencies to meet all of a client's needs.
The social services agencies in particular are truly grateful for their partnerships with the legal services programs.

like a big brother trying to keep the younger kid you know tell him hey stay in school it'll get better you know so that your mom doesn't have a job and
Kids usually listen to those who have had similar experiences. 

They were constructed by Suleiman the Magnificent, the Ottoman Turkish sultan, who never visited Jerusalem but (according to tradition) had a dream that he would be devoured by lions unless he rebuilt the walls of the city.
Suleiman had never seen a lion but had read about them in books.

yeah there's um there's a place up in my my folks actually live up in Delaware and there's a place up there that we like to go to called um The Hop which is you know just a fifties diner basically and then there's um a chain around here called Silver Diner
The diners have good food.

The restaurant and gift shop complex at Shoreline Village is an attractive remake of a typical New England harbor town.
Shoreline Village draws thousands of tourists every year.

Local master artist Tintoretto (1518 1594) won a competition to create for the hall some 50 paintings (the largest collection of his work anywhere) over a period of 23 years, a series comparable in grandeur to Giotto's frescoes in Padua's Scrovegni Chapel or Florence's Brancacci chapel by Masaccio.
Tintoretto's paintings strayed from the norm, he painted landscapes and nature instead of portraits or ceremonies.

Several miles down a side road that winds through the Judean mountains are two unique memorials to non- the Kennedy Memorial, like a tree stump, representing a life cut off in its prime; and a piano keyboard motif honoring musician Artur Rubinstein.
The memorials are creative

Allies liberate Sicily, then Rome; Mussolini arrested
Mussolini chose to surrender to Allied forces, in exchange for his life.

The parents, on the other hand, had to pass an exam in using a joystick and provide a proof of income of at least 7000 zloty per month for a young family member.
The parents had to show they could afford to pay for food and shelter for their 3 kids.

Washington, D.C.-based Legal Services Corp., which oversees federally funded legal aid, awarded the grant to TRLA, which serves an area extending from Austin south to the Rio Grande Valley and west to El Paso.
The people of Texas will be well served by the lawyers that TRLA will be able to hire.

Their bid and ask prices are quoted on securities exchange markets.
It is easy to find both the bid and ask prices.

How would that strike you if you read it?"
Would that change your mind?

the Dallas Cowgirls huh
The Dallas Cowgirls are a pretty sight.

We can come pretty close to neutral reporting and analysis of news developments in features like Today's Papers and The Week/The Spin.
We're pretty close to neutral reporting and analysis, unlike our old work which was biased.

One of the main problems is that Cambodians do not know how to drive, a Transport Ministry spokesman was quoted as saying.
Cambodians are taught to drive, but do not understand the concept well.

We haven't been as good at communicating our story, he said.
Our story includes; discovery, heartbreak, loss, but finally, success.

The last of the Afonsin dynasty, King Fernando I (1367-1383), formed an alliance with the English and appealed for support in his disputes with Spain.
King Fernando I died at the age of 35.

so i think we or  sounds like we pretty much agree
It sounds like we agree about the start time. 

The WP lead has the same thrust, only a little more detailed.
The WP lead was far more impressive.

you know without a doubt without a doubt
We don't have a lot of doubt.

And to the north of the palace are the 13th-century Gothic Notre-Dame and, along the Rue de la Chouette and the Rue Verrerie, attractive late-Gothic and Renaissance houses, with picturesque inner courtyards, that have been transformed into antiques shops.
The are seven antique shops along the Rue Verrerie.

The secret is to pace yourself.
Pacing yourself will allow you to spend an appropriate amount of time at each attraction.

There is no pretense that this is about tourism or about a nice night out or this is entertainment.
There is no pretense that this is about holidays

Have me a mare over in the livery that just foaled.
The foal is a filly and looks strong.

just one of them
 Only one of them is armed to the teeth.

Charming low-rise  Thai Village  with cobbled paths, waterfalls, Thai restaurant, and stylish  village-house  accommodation, each with its own verandah.
The Thai Village is low-rise with only one level.

and uh you know they she was getting ready to go through the trial you know for this guy and you know they they asked her uh can you imagine they asked her if she wanted the death penalty and she said yes
She faced a very hard decision while convicting the man in court.

In Sulloway's theory, as in life, Daniel is the category-defying, black sheep Baldwin.
Sulloway has a theory and it became popular.

This section also establishes detailed default procedures for auctions.
The section under revision sets procedures for auctions.

Don't forget to take a supply of water and wear sturdy footwear.
The hike is known to be long and treacherous. 

People actually bring printouts of questions to ask their primary care physicians.
It is becoming common practice in the US for people to have questions prepared that they want to ask their doctors.

I tell you he's on the case now, but doesn't want it known.
He doesn't want it known for safety reasons.

Department of Labor's Board of Alien Labor Certification Appeals.
Department of Labor's Board of Alien Labor Certification Appeals.

uh that that's true uh now did you hear about the the control that they have up in Virginia
Did you hear that they have jurisdiction over many counties in Virginia?

Raphael is well represented by a stately Veiled Woman (Hall 8, Jupiter), a classic Madonna of the Chair and Maddalena Doni (Hall 9, Saturn), deliberately imitating the pose of Leonardo da Vinci's Mona Lisa, and Pregnant Women (Hall 10, Iliad).
The Veiled Woman is a blatant rip off of the Mona Lisa.

where my medical where it was worth it to itemize for medical expenses because they were just they were that much of a percentage of my income that it just
It might be worth it for you to itemise your medical expenses like I did.

but but see there but i don't agree with that because the Catholic religion as far as through the ages has been the rule so to speak you know they are the ones that set the rules set a lot of the rules and they are the ones that do keep the people down i mean when you a religion that most of the people go to church and they don't understand when anything is being said yet they're yet they're expected to bow down to it i think that keeps people in a sort of line you know
I have never agreed with the Catholic church making people bow down when they don't know why they are doing it.

Didn't you have yoreselves a ruckus with th' soldiers at th' Four Jacks? Drew's reminiscent smile faded.
Drew was embarrassed by his participation in the fight at Four Jacks.

Quite sure.
Very positive. 

Olivei, Giovanni P. The Role of Savings and Investment in Balancing the Current  Some Empirical Evidence from the United States.
Savings and Investment has a huge role in balancing the current.

There are superb murals of bright-eyed deer, peacocks, monkeys, and elephants, and also those depicting the opulent life, with Prince Siddhartha riding away on horseback.
There are wonderful murals of various animals as Prince Siddharta rides past them.

In the old town center ' which is closed to traffic ' keep an eye open for the many handsome gabled houses of the Renaissance the Ancienne Douane (Old Customs House, Grand-Rue); Maison des Arcades (Grand-Rue); Maison Pfister (Rue des Marchands); and Maison des Tates (Rue des Tates).
There are dozens of gabled properties in the Old Town. 

I am San'doro and I will help you.
San'doro wants to help protect the village.

Ensconced in what was then clearly the No.
They settled down on a late night.

The Justice Department ultimately conceded that the Council of Economic Advisors was subject to GAOas access authority and provided the records.
The Council of Economic Advisors didn't want to provide the records out of concern for what GAO would discover.

(Appendix II provides more details on the objectives, scope, and methodology of our work.)
Appendix II goes into the very specific details and support surrounding our work.

Ideally, divide your stay ' sightseeing in the capital at the beginning, spending a leisurely time at a seaside resort or in a sunny village in the hills, then shopping in Paris at the end.
Shopping at Paris is saved until the end because it is very expensive.

and and i understand they're doing it because the prisons are full but somewhere we've got to come up with some money to build to build more you know and keep these people in them you know
They're doing it because the prisons are full of non-violent offenders.

There are roughly a quarter billion pieces of First--Class mail for which individuals purchase the more expensive Certified Mail option.
There are a greater amount of pieces where the more expensive option was not purchased.

Under Cambridge-trained lawyer Tunku Abdul Rahman, brother of the Sultan of Kedah, UMNO's conservative Malays formed an alliance with the English-educated bourgeoisie of the Malayan Chinese Association and Malayan Indian Congress.
Tunku Abdul Rahman spent 20 years maintaining the details of this alliance.

For some people it's become a little too gentrified, but the port below still has something of a salty, working atmosphere.
The working atmosphere is very uncomforting.

Many more were provided with other services using delivery vehicles whose reach is more difficult to quantify, such as web sites, weekly radio and TV shows and legal information columns in newspapers.
It is thought that services delivered via web sites are more desirable.

Detonating a smuggled warhead in the hold of a ship docked in, say, New York harbor would make much more sense, while avoiding the huge expense and trouble of building complex intercontinental rockets.
Detonating a warhead in a ship would make a lot of sense for New Yorkers.

uh it was kind of pretty nice but uh i just wish that i had an opportunity to do a little more
I wish I had the opportunity to do a little more about resisting Trump.

The wagons will circle to defend this last bastion of human conceit.
They love to defend this awful idea because it means that they are the top dogs in the world.

I'm much obliged to you, Hall.
I appreciate you covering for me while I was out sick at work.

He merely grunted and jerked down his flag.
The man is talking to himself. 

maybe i'll tune in to one of those some time
Maybe I will try one of those stations this week.

It states that the proposed rule does not conflict or overlap with existing requirements, but rather tailors them for specific purposes.
There are many who still feel that the proposed rule has too much overlap.

and uh they was all talking about pulling together and paying for the uh hospital costs and stuff and uh you know there's some of my family that's not exactly in the homeless level but you know darn close
They were going to pay for the hospital costs but it was too much.

Scenario B, on the other hand, anticipates some changes in the technology characterization that will affect the electricity sector as shown in Table
Only affect on the electric sector is via technology characterization.

Post-show, Seinfeld plans to take time off, swim with dolphins, and then start an ad boutique (he wrote his own American Express ads).
Post-show, Seinfeld plans to swim with dolphins and start an ad boutique which will help sell fast food.

Oh, I ain't afraid, gov'nor.
I've never been afraid of anything in my life.

I thought he was making it up."
I thought he was making up the story about the aliens.

yeah so i think it would be a good thing though to encourage other people who aren't even aware that they can do such a thing
People will listen if we encourage them to do it.

The challenge is how to stop the landscape from being changed by the very people who come to marvel at it.
Tourists have been trashing the community they thought was so beautiful.

i've never done potato we used to do it at home when i was a kid we had a huge garden
We grew lots of different vegetables in our garden.

He and his schoolteacher wife, Linda, probably didn't know they were starting out on the poor side.
His wife, Linda, was a teacher at a local college

6 percent interest rate.
The interest rate has risen 3 points to 6%.

People would flock to see me.
African people would flock to come see me.

The rice was light and cooked to perfection, and the vegetables were nicely steamed in a complex sauce that blended the subtle flavors of curry, coconut milk, and basil.
The sauce that went with the vegetables requires a tedious preparation process. 

The media linked the case to other recent shootings (in Arkansas, Mississippi, and Kentucky) and focused on the warning signs and the importance of taking them seriously.
The shootings that have unfolded in Mississippi recently were truly tragic.

Streets don't have actual names but are instead referred to by the name of the neighborhood through which they are passing, thus streets change name about every block in some parts of the old city.
The residents of the old city find it easy to navigate, while tourists struggle.

The security managers said that it was important to relate security concerns to the specific risks faced by users in individual business groups and ensure that security was an everyday consideration.
The security manager was a good adviser.

So she could zoom the camera up on the freshly bandaged wound, to make things more 'believable.' It hurt like hell, until she gave me some drugs to make the pain go away.
The wound was done on purpose to make people feel bad.

well back to the topic at hand what other types of community service would they be talking about i mean  the the recording mentioned the Peace Corps
The recording was trying convince me to join the Peace Corps.

Yes, she said quietly, "that was not Evelyn Howard who spoke!" She flung her head up proudly. 
She knew what had happened.

Commercial channels pour programs down from the heavens that match or surpass the products of the public broadcasters, who are too cowed to produce anything as homo-proud as the new Ellen , as racy as Brooklyn South , or as culturally subversive as The Larry Sanders Show . I ask you, what PBS newsman out-wings the liberal Peter Jennings?
Public channels are limited in their content by politics and can't keep up with commercial broadcasting.

He knows me, and I ride light 
I ride light when I'm out of my hometown since the accident, he knows me and he knows that.

Before the codification, the relevant term was adepartment or establishment,- defined in 31 U.S.C.
The term codification can still be used. 

uh yeah and he uh when when they had uh injury problems with some of their major players uh he actually put on a uniform and went out and played
He played because some of their major players had knee injuries. 

To hold costs down, the $24 billion program doesn't cover kids who are currently insured.
The program does not cover kids who are already insured unless they have a terminal illness. 

The Kentuckian stood away from the wall, lurched out to fall to his knees.
The man had weak knees ever since he was a child.

The cover story in the last issue of the business magazine Across the Board identifies nonbusiness-related use of the Web as a serious problem at the office.
Across the Board said that the serious problem of personal internet use in the office is growing everyday

Reducing emissions of nitrogen oxides will also reduce nitrogen deposition in water, improving coastal ecosystem health along the East and Gulf coasts.
Nitrogen gets into the air, then mixes with the water later.

i heard i heard it really sucked
I heard it wasn't good beause of the actors.

We can save Fena Dim.
Fena Dim is going to be killed if we don't save her.

The latest audio guides have gone Hollywood and  Art authorities electronically beamed up by recent museum-goers include Leonard Nimoy, Steve Martin, Charlton Heston, and Morgan Freeman.
Museum goers like listening to Morgan Freeman audio.

Copyright law in cyberspace offends because it limits what I can do in physical space.
The thousands of cyberspace laws have ruined my life.

Pointedly avoiding each other's eyes, they raise a massive leg into the air (to a height that would do a professional dancer proud), slam it down with a mighty thud, and lower themselves into the characteristic squat.
They raise their legs up to intimidate their opponents.

That night, I slept to the soothing rattle of the metro-tracks outside.
I sleep best when there is a soothing noise in the background. 

i don't know i really don't know i know that they do equally as well there as they do here i mean doctors still have that same status
I'm not sure, but I do know they do equally as well both places, as I read on their website. 

Unlike many federal agencies, the central groups we studied had defined budgets, which gave them the ability to plan and set goals for their organization's information security program.
Most federal agencies had very crude budgets that would result in profit loss.

(William Saletan dissects the ethics of the sale in .)
William Saletan believes the sale to be morally corrupt. 

oh um now that's awful
I am sad about that.

And the labor-market success of millions of unskilled immigrants in recent years makes it hard to sustain the case that only highly trained or educated workers are in demand--at least for the moment.
Unskilled laborers have gained jobs in the food service industry.

This isn't a bad response rate, though it means the overall campaign was tiny--just 10,000 ad impressions.
The campaign was a bust. 

She pursed her lips and shut the door quickly.
She was obviously holding back anger as she closed the door.

uh having have uh i have a wide variety of of hobbies therefore my my reading pleasures are quite wide um i get a charge out of uh Texas highway uh which uh is very colorful and uh not being a native of Texas uh but being here eleven years have a tendency to uh find out the uh
I like to change hobbies from time to time.

So, if anyone did manage to rob me of it, it wouldn't matter.
It was alright if someone stole it from me, because I had changed the contents.

Golfers say that the best resort course is the Bukit Jambul Golf Club in Penang.
Golfers say Bukit Jambul is the best resort course because it has the most beautiful grass and hardest holes.

Along here you will find the tourist information office and, just next door, at no. 28, the Adegas de Sao Francisco (the Old Blandy Wine Lodge), the oldest working wine lodge in Madeira.
The Old Blandy Wine Lodge produces thousands of gallons of wine a year.

It is a very difficult situation for you, Mr. Cavendish. 
Having to work overtime is very challenging for you, Mr. Cavendish.

you you use um like your first couple of years you use personal computers because uh you know the software you know like it's easier for you to go and run a program you know through the disk
It's a bad idea to run a program if you don't know the software.

The Lewinsky affair was a tricky issue for most liberal feminists, who were caught between protesting sexual harassment and supporting the president they had elected.
The feminists thought their candidate cared about them.

I'll tell you what I don't understand--why Professor Shoshanna Sofaer of Baruch College sounds so cranky.
There is a good reason why Professor Shoshanna Sofaer of Baruch College sounded so cranky.

Everything.
Everything is fine.

Windsurfing is best where the prevailing winds and wide sandy bays allow the sail to catch the breeze.
The quality of the sail is even more important than the wind or the bays in windsurfing.

oh a a school administrator well that could that would have been interesting
I am glad I was not in that meeting.

Where alternative country runs into trouble is its tendency to ignore what's durable about country in favor of its stereotypical hay-bales-and-whiskey-bottles shtick.
Country is a music that relies on stereotypes about farm life and life outdoors.

We provided additional references in some areas to clarify our position.
Additional references in order to clarify our position have been provided, thanks to the suggestions of the public.

it's probably the uh the times now um
It's probably the New York Times.

But if some places close abruptly, others open just as  Jerusalem is never completely at rest.
Jerusalem has thousands of restaurants and bars that are open all nigh.

just i've kind of got a collection going of tapes now and whenever i go visit my parents they're always saying well bring some of your tapes and they they always borrow a few of them i was over there they live in Duncanville and i was over there at Easter
I always collect old cartoons on VHS tape.

and i wouldn't trade her for anything  i also have a child
I would trade the child for the right price.  

The evidence is flaky--a woman who has both confirmed and denied the story, corroborators with their own reasons to lie--but major scandals have been built on less.
One way to get even with someone is to fabricate a scandal about them.

It was planned as the largest temple in the Aegean, but was never completed.
The temple was never completed due to political reasons.

Its success led to its adoption by
Its adoption was well-received and led to more benefits than negatives.

The Civil War arose because Northerners feared that a small Southern Slave Power had seized control of Washington, while Southerners were convinced the North was determined to destroy their way of life.
The Civil War was between Northerners and Southerners, said my history teacher.

There is strong evidence that readiness to change and confidence, especially before treatment, are unrelated.
Patients who are more ready to change before treatment tend to benefit from the treatment.

This document contains GAO's Agency Protocols that we are launching in a pilot phase starting in December 2002.
GAO is launching a new pilot program for legal services in December 2002.

Say? Tommy shrugged his shoulders.
You say so? Tommy showed that he did not know anything.

In 2002, recommendations and requirements issued in the wake of our visits led several programs to substantially modify their intake procedures.
In 2002, recommendations and requirements were issued in a paper format.

He was nervous, but he was not lying.
He did not want to lie about whether or not he was drinking. 

That was yesterday.
The battle occurred yesterday.

i think it would be a great idea i'm not sure about requiring it you know of people because people are going you know feeling resentful i don't know but i think it would be a great idea
I think it is a great idea that should be explored further.

6GAGAS incorporate the AICPA's general attestation standard on criteria and all the AICPA's field work and reporting attestation standards and the related SSAEs unless the Comptroller General of the United States excludes them by formal announcement.
The Comptroller General can exclude groups by formal announcement in a newspaper.

Daniel nodded, fetching me a glass of tonic water.
Daniel knew that my legs were broke and I couldn't get it myself.

The NHH-to-HH sector includes both bill and advertising mail.
The NHH-to-HH sector includes a lot of types of mail.

They're sort of like kittens.
They are the same size as kittens.

Eszterhas is delusional in the sense that he believes that everything he touches is serious, says film critic and historian David Thomson.
Eszterhas believes everything he touches is serious, which makes him delusional in David Thomson's eyes, but he is also very self aware in other ways. 

In the letter to Administrator Whitman, Senators Jeffords and Lieberman asked for an analysis of four different scenarios, requesting that EPA analyze the cost and benefits, including all sectors of the economy and impacts on both the supply and demand side of the equation, of the following multi-pollutant emission control scenarios for the nation's electricity generators.
The senators wanted to know more information before acting.

Located 6 km (4 miles) west of Paris.
Traveling west, it can be found about 4 miles outside of Paris off the N12.

What do you think, Julius?"
"Well what do you think about it Julius?"

His voice rose into a command that rang out over the cries of the others.
Everyone fell silent after the loud order he made.

Adjustments in managed care need to be made--and under pressure from consumers and their representatives in Congress, they are already being made.
Managed care changes are happening this month.

yeah and that's really neat i mean yeah you can do graphs graphs on it too but this is you know this is one step above it but it's actual um drafting and i always
Maybe it gets even better if you do graphs on it.

The organizers hope to expand the event in the future to include judges and private attorneys and cover more topics in an Access to Justice Conference, Zazove said.
The organizers will seek more funding in order to expand the event in the future.

There wasn't much pawin' an' bellerin' left in him when Muller's boys brought him to town.
The Muller's boys beat him until he stopped bellowing.

The second panel is devoted to the Annun?­ci?­a?­tion and Resurrection and, on the reverse side, what is perhaps the most pain-filled and exalted portrayal of the Crucifixion ever realized.
The Crucifixion scene has been covered up and censored for centuries due to its grotesque contents.

The magnificent frescoes and mosaics found at Akrotiri are in Athens at present, but the remains of the buildings at the site provide ample evidence of the sophistication of the culture here.
The frescoes and mosaics of ancient Akrotiri were in splendid shape.

Legend tells of the Sun Goddess Amaterasu sending her grandson to Mt.
Sun Goddess Amaterasu's grandson wants to go to Mt.

Nor would she blame the media for an inordinate focus on the issue.
There are no reasons as to why the media could be blamed for trying to make headlines as they all need to make some money, somehow.

uh-huh absolutely and and i know what you're saying we do what we have to do for our children regardless regardless of what that is but i'm a little bit unsympathetic with the families right here in our own small town of five thousand who have not limited their family we have three children and that happens to be what we could afford but i don't really feel like i ought to help even if they're people from Indiana support ten children that's not fair i didn't get a say whether they had them or not so i don't think i ought to have to help raise them too critical i i'm concerned about world birth control and
Nobody else offered to help me raise my own children, so why should I help others?

In that moment Tuppence knew that the fish was hooked, and for the first time she felt a horror of her own money-loving spirit.
Tuppence knew, right at that moment, that she was going to get shot. 

A description of this process is provided in the following case example.
A description of the process is in the following case example so you understand the practices involved.

and then they have the uh what they call the shoot which is uh it's a bypass around the dam where they have uh the  comes right through the downtown part of New Braunfels
There's a busy bypass with a toll around the dam that goes downtown.

yes because the character the the character that is so horrible is another human being And you're just drawn into his his horror of him that you begin to kind of like him
But you still despite what he does.

One of the main problems is that Cambodians do not know how to drive, a Transport Ministry spokesman was quoted as saying.
One of the problems is that Cambodians are terrible drivers and always crash into walls

White children's classic from becoming intolerable.
The children's classic is intolerable for parents.

General Wojciech Jaruzelski adopted a hard line and declared martial law in December 1981 in response to continued strikes across Poland.
General Wojciech Jaruzelski was the top government official in Poland in December 1981.

This suppression has helped legitimize the Kurdish Workers' Party (PKK) , a quasi-Marxist guerrilla group that champions Kurdish autonomy.
The PKK is a violent group that champions Kurdish autonomy.

of air attacks.
People in foreign countries are often attacked by America through drone strikes.

yeah big time i i'll bet they could hold their own in the NBA
I bet UNLV would do good in the NBA.

The interior has been redecorated with fabrics and furniture dating from the late 1700s to Victorian times.
The interior is based on looks from the 1700s to Victorian times. 

The tombs of the Conqueror and his wife are in the walled graveyard behind the mosque.
The conqueror and his wife were buried at the same time

The straightforward chronological order and detailed explanations of the workshop system of the time, coupled with the high caliber of the art, makes for a show that is both intellectually stimulating and unexpectedly poignant (Mark Stevens, New York ). This dazzling show of strength is a testament to the unrivalled genius of the Netherlandish artists who invented the oil paint medium (Holland Cotter, the New York Times ). (Find out more about the exhibition.)
The Netherlandish artists perfected the art of oil painting.

He expanded GAO's training curriculum and strengthened the Training Institute.
GAO's training curriculum has continued to improve every year under his guidance.

We got the nonprofit status from the feds.
Nonprofit status requires filling out several different forms in triplicate.

The sparklers belonged to him.
The sparklers were his along with the fireworks.

Weeds grow like house afire. 
The weeds are irritating. 

it's just great up there
It is just great up there but I had to leave.

Table 3.5 illustrates such a difference.
The next table shows this difference.

that's too bad that's not the topic i know self-improvement i think is the only one i got something like that when i got i'd been out of school for quite a while i think um back when it was again real topical um
The topic is about self-improvement.

Ten programs were chosen for visits in 2001.
Each program visited at a different time.

You manage. Muller made it more order than request as he left.
Muller had things to do so he needed someone to look after the place.

She crowded closer, nickered plaintively.
She moved in to whisper something

This analysis also neglects overtime, which would reduce the demand for workers somewhat.
A discussion of overtime will be included in the next version.

Spins on the monetary  1) It will make Europe the United States' new economic rival.
Because of trade agreements, Europe is the USA's new rive in a monetary way

Now will you please let go of me.'
We were done running and he wanted to be let go.

Last June, the Supreme Court ruled that political parties (as well as PACs, interest groups, and individuals) can make unlimited independent expenditures on behalf of candidates.
The Supreme Court's decision was heavily criticized by political commentators at all ends of the spectrum.

I suppose that's what this place had been used for before.
I guess this place was used in the Underground Railroad.

and the hammer came back and hit me in the thumb and blood squirted everywhere
I had to get five stitches on my thumb.

well i had a friend who sat in on a or who was on a jury recently for a murder but the man was not being tried for capital murder and so that was not even an option uh the death penalty was not an option so and in in this case everyone on the jury felt that it should have been  and they were very convinced the man had no redeeming uh qualities and couldn't be rehabilitated and they were they were really upset that he was getting off so lightly for the heinous crime that he had been involved in
Everyone on the jury pleaded with the judge to reconsider the death penalty.

boy that's for sure i agree there
Everyone agrees. 

Video rentals dropped 4 percent in 1997, which is part of the reason that Blockbuster is only worth about half today of what Viacom paid for it in 1994.
No one wanted to venture out to rent videos so Blockbuster;'s worth dropped. 

A curiosity here is Ribera's portrait of a bearded woman.
Ribera was in a melancholic state while bringing this portrait to life.

it's even more important for dads and daughters
it's especially important for dads and daughters to spend time together

With daytime temperatures rarely dropping below the high sixties and almost continuous sunshine, it makes a welcome retreat from the drab northern European winters, and a scorching alternative to temperate summers.
The temperature is not lowering as a result of climate change.

It was refurbished in the Victorian era but rendered useless by succeeding Nile dams.
The Nile dams were incredibly destructive.

It's a great place to start your visit.
There is no better place to start your visit. 

A man in love is a sorry spectacle. 
A man in love is a burden.

you hear that that's my kids turning on their music let me see  Holly turn it down
My kids keep turning on the music and then dance around the house. 

Democrats have done themselves a lot of harm by refusing to discriminate between those programs that are vital and those that are not.
The programs have caused a lot of controversy in the past. 

management, information systems, and business practices.
Management, information and business practices all go hand in hand. 

On the other hand, national cuisines are largely artificial  You won't find a French restaurant in France for obvious reasons.
National cuisines are mostly fake and are geographically limited.

Unless you feel really safe in French metropolitan traffic, keep your cycling ' you can rent a bike at many railway stations ' for the villages and country roads.
You should not cycle in the French metropolitan area. 

Come back and help our 'clever, young and unsullied' prime minister in his desperate struggle to keep Labour trendy after nine months in power, it said.
The prime minister himself had asked for help. 

The shrine of the convent church is particularly well endowed in religious relics and jewels.
The religious relics and jewels at the convent church were donated to it over the course of centuries.

STATE AND LOCAL GOVERNMENTS -State and local governments generally  the 50 States and the District of Columbia; cities, counties, townships, school districts, special districts, public authorities, and other local governmental units as defined by the Bureau of the Census; and Puerto Rico, the Virgin Islands, and other US territories.
The local governments are just as complex.

Wallace, 38, called Gastonia home from the age of 8 until she graduated from Hunter Huss High School in 1983.
Wallace graduated from High School in the early 1980s.

Activities to Achieve Manufacturing Knowledge
Manufacturing takes a lot of knowledge.

2) A German court implicated Iranian leaders in four recent assassinations in Berlin.
A court in Germany implicated Iranian leaders in Berlin assassinations by tracking their travel history.

Had we not done this, very few Italian routes would be profitable.
By forming the trade partnership we ensured that most of the Italian routes would be profitable.

uh-huh well do you agree with that requirement that they meet those uh academic
You agree with all of the requirements, don't you?

Material variances or deviations must be approved by the supervisor before the change occurs, if feasible, or promptly after occurring, if not feasible.
Changes approved beforehand are more successful than changes approved after.

The increased ammonia demand from a multipollutant rule is estimated to increase to about 1,040,000 tons per year by 2020.
Ammonia demand will increase three million tons a year by 2070.

and government doesn't produce anything
The government doesn't get good results.

yeah have you seen a game up there
Have you been to a game in Dallas?

They are photographs of works from the Louvre, Paris.
They are pictures of the museum in Paris.

I need not tell you, my dear Cavendish, how distressed I am at this most tragic affair.
Cavendish noticed how distressed they were.

dollars, decline would be steeper due to real postage price increases Decline from $74.
Less mail is being sent nowadays because it's more expensive than it used to be.

yeah they're very close to the water within like uh a hundred yards
They are not far from the water.

Go up the stairs to the right of the entrance to see the next four stations.
Head up to the third floor to see the next four stations.

to confront questions as old as human civilization itself.
To address questions which will never be answered.

Gigot's advice to  Whenever you have the impulse to give an on-the-record interview, you ought to just sit down, take a Valium, and get over it.
According to Gigot, it's never a good idea to give a public conference. 

We'd have been here before only we lost our way.
We have been walking in circles and lost track of where we need to go.

As it is, we are restricted in how we can proceed.
We want to proceed in certain ways but can not.

When are they appropriately used in evaluation?
There are guidelines for when they can be used in an evaluation.

Little figures, tiny as ants, crawled around gigantic drills.
There were a large number of people working on the drills.

In a recent survey of emergency medicine physicians, 78 percent agreed that alcohol abuse/dependence is a treatable disease, but more than 90 percent indicated that there was a lack of time to perform interventions, and only 51 percent supported
Though 78 percent of surveyed emergency medicine physicians said that alcohol abuse is treatable, only 62 percent of general physicians said the same.

Therefore she drank it between then and half-past eight,  certainly not much later. 
She drank it before 830 so she could sleep.

Before its recent rapid expansion, the city claimed to have more churches per capita than any other in the United States.
The city can't claim to have more churches per capita any more.

Clinton behave toward the senator while being both correct and shaming?
He spoke in his own defense.

Slim took the large glob of meat though his skin crawled at the touch.
Slim had never eaten a raw diet before.

Lucky Macau fit the specifications exactly.
The specifications were stringent but Lucky Macau fit them.

We're going to listen to the evidence (Sen.
The evidence should be presented before noon.

The commercial and administrative heart of Crete, its streets are filled with bankers and business people.
Goldman Sachs Greek headquarters are located in this place on Crete.

Cody Shearer is a man with many connections, able to convince Bosnian Serbs, Cheyennes and, unintentionally, Washington Clinton-haters that he is a player, a person who makes things happen.
Cody Shearer uses his charm and wit to pass business deals and sway people to his preferences.

It consisted of a loaf, some margarine, and a jug of coffee.
The breakfast was very basic, but filling.

Got him into more scrapes 'n I can count me on both hands.
Luckily he was always able to get out of the scrapes.

you know the in in Germany it would probably be alright if you put it on that autobahn
You can go over one hundred miles per hour legally.

because i can make a million dollars and i know exactly Uncle Sam can't take half my money they can take  whatever the percentage is for that amount you know
They are restricted to a set amount.

yeah well actually there's been some studies that say it has some positive effects that the students the the kids get you know exposure to other kids their age at an earlier time
But it's bad if you expose them at too young an age.

Dionne's, have been made by going the other way.)
They were made in a new manner.

It's not always for legal issues.
Budgetary problems and lack of interest are other common issues.

Hargarten commented that this area has the potential to cause consternation and divisiveness, so it will require a great deal of textual commentary to tease out the important issues that it addresses.
Hargarten commented that this area has the potential to cause consternation and obesity.

well that's good we we planted three pecan trees out front and every one of them died i told my husband this is the last one if it dies we're going to something else
This last one will probably die too.

Second, it is going to require massive change not only among your providers in the field but within your own organization(s).
Both your providers and your organizations will need to adapt.

yeah yeah but the little thing etched in it say objects are are closer than they appear or something
I am talking about my rear view mirror where it states "objects may be closer than they appear."

This one's name was Popeye, and he was a gelding.
This one's name was Popeye, after the children's cartoon.

"You'd like it?" Anse blew on his fingers again.
Anse blew on his fingers because he had just stuck his hand in the fire. 

i also you know i consider for example the the teachers the National Education Association you know they i would like to see them be more of a professional organization rather than a union because we need you know we need to we need to uh instead of worrying about saving jobs or raising salaries i think we need to worry about uh how well the job's getting done
I think we need to worry about how well do English teacher get their job done.

In America anything that can happen,  Strangers kidnap children; mathematicians become terrorists; executives find themselves flipping hamburgers.
Due to economic instability, sometimes executives flip hamburgers.

Improved cost studies would result.
Better cost studies are in the best interests of anyone who intends to use the data.

At a minimum, the PCAOB will need to effectively work with the other public regulators on enforcement/disciplinary matters.
Public regulators must work with the PCAOB on important matters.

Our selection process was not designed to provide examples that could be considered representative of all the employee empowerment and involvement initiatives at the agencies reviewed or the federal government in general.
Our selection process is only helpful to Mexican employees.

The dead woman had not the gift of commanding love. 
The dead women didn't command love while dead.

but uh of course the further south you go the better the food is as far as i'm concerned and fact is we're going to take a vacation this year we're going to go to New Orleans again and uh
Food is pretty good in the south, and we might go to New Orleans.

'I've studied you, Mr. Franklin.
I had been following you for a week.

Kobe exploded onto the world's headlines with the suddenness of the earthquake that ravaged the city 17 January 1995, claiming a final death toll of over 6,000.
The Kobe earthquake's death toll is amongst the largest of all earthquakes in history.

yeah i definitely agree and i remember back in high school being on the debate team and that was one of the subjects one of the debates should we have you know national health care and i remember debating for it
When debating about national health care while in high school, I supported the idea.

Modern feminism, modern habits, and modern fashion have familiarized the eye with mobile and visible breasts of different shapes and sizes, even with the harsh truths of breast cancer.
The professor said according that modern fashion has gotten people used to seeing breasts of different shapes and sizes.

Albert's  The fans in New York have welcomed me back, and if you can make it there, you can make it anywhere.
The fans were genuine with liking the person.

Those then who controvert the principle that the constitution is to be considered, in court, as a paramount law, are reduced to the necessity of maintaining that courts must close their eyes on the constitution, and see only the law.
This controverting is a common occurrence in court.

When third parties compete with the Postal Service, however, in highly automated operations such as applying barcodes with optical character readers and sorting barcoded mail, a wage premium would seemingly not be a very significant factor.
The Postal Service is better than all its competitors.

The entire Microsoft campus is just bubbling with energy and ideas.
Microsoft is a great company for innovation.

Today it's a delightful resort of both modest and elegant hotels and villas, all stunningly situated.
The original owners accepted hefty payments to sell the leases to their prized villas to the resort company.

Pokemon has been banned in countless schools because kids won't stop trading cards.
Pokemon has been distracting children from their studies.

As a result, France experiences diversity and tension within cultural, social, and political spheres.
France fixed these issues with the help of other world leaders.

To the degree that we regard them as goads to compassion and involvement (as in Bosnia or the Middle East), showing them is a purported moral good.
To the degree we regard them as goads of compassion and involvement than showing them is purportedly a moral good because it gives them a positive image.

no no they  that's what i mean at one time we we used to able to carry that over to the kids of course i i can see the teacher's point too where at at three o'clock or four o'clock they want to go home and not worry about kids so but if they had probably some renumeration to help them say you know maybe i'll give this kid a little extra help or something
The teachers feel that they are not paid enough to stay after school is over.

General Accounting Office, Federal Information System Controls Audit Manual, GAO/AIMD-12.
The General Accounting Office takes care of important tasks with finances.

i guess uh there's some uh things on channel thirteen that i watch pretty regularly
I wish I had more time to watch tv.

And it makes paying for access to any particular site a bigger practical and psychological hurdle.
Paying to access websites is pretty stupid.

She flings out her arm, overturning the bed table, and then pulls desperately at the bell. 
There were several items on the bed table that were hurled to the floor.

Now the conservative mantras are perjury is perjury and no man is above the law--and K finds himself tempted by the idea that it isn't the end of the world if a perjurer gets away with it.
Starr says perjury is perjury and no one can get away with it.

He used to be a promising youngster; now he's turning bronco fast.
He is not a promising youngster anymore because he lost luster as he grew older.

Cattle manure is used to fertilize fields, and the produce infects those who eat it.
a high percentage of people who eat the produce from these fields get infected.

The assessment is critical for evaluating motivation
The test is necessary for determining motivation in students seeking bachelor degrees.

they don't even try to keep up with it
They aren't even trying.

uh-huh right and so we we have really enjoyed that and it's really nice not to be running out some of the video rentals can be expensive and
I used to rent videos from Blockbuster on the weekends.

Epidemiology.
Epidemiology, the control and study of diseases

GAO posts this list, known as Today's Reports, on its Web site daily.
Today's Reports includes current news and hot topics.

uh-huh yeah it's well it's not that great and i go to the Spring Creek one on and off but my husband's working over there and he just goes to the Dallas one but i just don't i mean it's just so much weight lifting even the Spring Creek one has a lot of weights in it
I hate to do weight lifting; I much prefer spinning.

And sane consumers won't bid more than these respective pleasures are worth to them--meaning that they can't feel cheated.
And sane consumers won't bid more than these respective pleasures are worth to them--but what they are worth can be very from person to person.

Twelve whipmasters pushed nearly one hundred slaves.
They pushed the slaves off the ship into open water. 

Bonaparte, as First Consul of France, reinstated slavery in the FWI, and historians still argue over the role played in that decision by his Creole wife Josephine, a native of Martinique (see page 55).
The reinstatement of slavery was influenced by Bonaparte's wife. 

The area has become the last haven for many of the native but almost extinct plants, animals, and birds of Jamaica.
The sanctuary in Jamaica houses native species of plants and animals that are unable to survive elsewhere, tottering on the brink of extinction.

And if politicians believe that an election is rigged, in the sense that the favorite will probably win regardless of expenditures, they'll buy fewer campaign commercials.
Political commercials are very effective in winning elections for their corresponding candidates.

uh-huh she retired but yeah and then one night i talked to these two guys no one night i talked to one guy and then a couple of weeks later i talked to the guy's roommate in Virginia about different things
The guys were from a cable company.

It made me look smarter.
The glasses made me look like a genius.

Mrs. Vandemeyer came round the screen at once.
Mrs. Vandemeyer had been standing close to the screen.

Information Technology, if leveraged properly, can be an effective tool for highquality, costeffective government services.
If information technology is not used properly, it won't be any help.

Canseco's making five million a year
Canseco always makes exactly five million each year

As a last hope Jane Finn was to be allowed to escape and the escape must be managed so that she harbours no suspicions of its being a put-up job.
Jane Finn needs to escape to ease her suspicion

Nor can the moneys be spent to initiate or participate in a class-action lawsuit.
The money can be spent to spread awareness about the class-action lawsuit.

North of the square-shaped port, Monte-Carlo is the center of the principality's luxury.
Nightlife is buzzing in Monte Carlo on most weekends.

In developing the standards for stewardship reporting, the Board concentrated on providing guidance in the principal areas of stewardship resources that have materiality for the majority of Federal entities and for the consolidated financial reporting for the Nation.
The Board plans to continue to develop its standards for the next decade.

I'm still sore from yesterday, said Adrin.
Adrin was sore from all the exercise the day before. 

In the open-air Umi Jigoku ( Ocean Hell ) you can buy eggs hard-boiled in a basket.
Buying eggs in Umi Jigoku is much more convenient than buying them elsewhere in the area.

Video Poker
THe poker is played over the internet on your home computer.

The managed care debate presents this issue in a slightly different context.
More people are siding with managed care in the debate.

As adult women, those of us who are heterosexual sometimes have a sense of a lost Eden, she writes at one point.
She has been writing for many decades.

This new change is intended to make case reporting more consistent among grantee programs as these programs have varying mixes of LSC and non-LSC funding and varying, legitimate methods of allocating LSC and non-LSC funding among their activities that produce case closures.
Some programs get over $50,000 in LSC funding and some don't.

Well, the upshot was that Aunt Jane went out West and we never heard from her again.
Jane made a new home out west and never wrote home.

We were not servile to the Soviet Union, said Poland's last Communist Party prime minister, we were helpless before that huge force.
Poland fought the Soviet Union for as long as they could which wasn't long.

The Kal turned and struck with his club.
The Kal struck with his club after turning around to fight the demons.

Tommy continued to stare at him.
Tommy was completely lost for words.

To condense from (but not otherwise alter) the 1960 edition of the World Book  About two thirds of the people of Colorado live no more.
The entry also displays facts about Colorado's basic geography and environmental factors that influence the region.

it's usually the eighty basic eighty twenty
Eighty twenty is a good one. 

He left us the last time with that wonderful picture of hitting the jumper to win Game 6 and the NBA championship in 1998.
He won the game in the last second.

Other biochemical markers such as mean corpuscular volume, platelet count, liver enzymes, gamma-glutamyltransferase.
There are at least two possible biochemical markers.

Fuji in the water.
Fuji is a Japanese city.

You're welcome back when you've settled the little lady.
It will be hard to get the little lay settled.

Maybe it's not enough to make a big difference, but DeParle doesn't even bother to tell us.
If DeParle had told us, it would have changed things.

The real thing, Scotland Yard? 
The real Scotland Yard investigated the death?

because he has to get everything out and he loves to season i mean he's like he gets every seasoning out of the cupboard you know and uses it and he likes to put lemon
My husband uses a lot of seasoning when he cooks and his food is really good.

uh-huh sounds like it  do you like to cook
It sounds like you make dinners for your family.

Now, James's monthly house notes have dropped from $796 - more than twice her monthly income - to an affordable $247.
James has seen a significant decrease in her mortgage rates.

The trouble with these rooftops
The trouble with these rooftops is the panels.

San'doro followed the dagger with his own body, grappling Adrin's legs, lifting, and throwing him hard to the ground.
San'doro followed the strike with a charge, grappling Adrin and throwing him upside down onto the ground.

A lovely eighth-century Birth of Buddha is curiously reminiscent of Christian nativity scenes.
The eight-century Birth of Buddha is still in pristine condition.

Got him patched up an' into town; then he keeled over when he tried to git down off his hoss an' was in bed a week."
He's got a heavy fever combined with cold sweats - not a good combination.

'Good.
The food was good.

'Can't go that way.'
Can't go down that road or you will die!

yeah yeah well that's always a good plan i can't think of anything else that i've talked about all the the most most of the ones on the list i checked off stuff like football and and stuff that i can i i would enjoy talking about and i haven't gotten a one of them yet when i've called
I can talk about my favorite thing in football, defensive strategies.

I think in nonprofits in general there's a lack of [marketing].
Nonprofits have recently started to correct this issue.

It sure must go hard with a man to have his son turn out a wild one, commented the third.
The third said that it must be hard to have an alcoholic son who does drugs.

North Carolina State University
This university is the most well-known of all.

I did obediently, and she told me not to worry my memory would soon come back.
She told me that my memory would return in an hour. 

You'll find small bungalows here, rather than hotel blocks, and a delightful seaside market held on Tuesdays.
At the market, you will find fresh seafood.

If the country is debased and decadent, the cure has to come from uplifting the people, not from acts of government.
The Government needs to do more to ease people's lives and give them hope, not create more worry and concern with restricting laws.

Judy Woodruff had a compromise.
Judy Woodruff compromised on what questions she would ask.

One of the most notable mansions with highly ornamental interiors is the Hotel Lauzun (17 Quai d'Anjou), built in the 1650s by the great architect of Versailles, Louis le Vau.
Hotel Lauzun is covered in gold inside.

It's the scene in a posh restaurant in which Wallace regards the Wigands' paroxysms of fear over the coming 60 Minutes interview with aristocratic contempt.
He is afraid because he knows Mike Wallace is a vampire.

For an overall view of the museum's collections, we've attempted a small selection of 
The museum holds some of the world's finest paintings.

to know this, how much I want to ask again why I must, with such perfect, detailed precision,
I want to ask why I have to go to the meeting when I already know everything.

He was alone and they knew it.
They knew he was by himself last night

i mean it really was to me it was like it's going to take them quite a while to rebuild because everything everything i mean anything that Tom Landry wanted or had he was going to change it
If they want to rebuild the whole thing, at least a year.

It did not yield much. 
It didn't output a great deal, even though we had checked it daily. 

Though I do realize that you are the expert on all things advisory, I would like to suggest a different solution for Dorothy S. on the subject of bad breath.
I think there is a different solution for Dorothy's bad breath, which is to stop drinking coffee.

Study, Interim Report V, Case Studies.
This is probably some corporations data or information.

No, sir, you see there's not much room on the gas stove, so Cook used to make it early, before putting the vegetables on for supper. 
There will be more room on the gas stove in six hours.

How would it be if you attached little Conrad here to my person.
I do wonder how it might be if young Conrad were glued to me 24 hours a day.

Who taught you your fencing? asked Jon.
Jon demanded to know where the person learned fencing.

I smiled, quite without meaning to.
I smiled even though I was a little upset.

(The discovery of organic matter in a meteorite, reported in early August, represents at best an extremely circumstantial piece of evidence for life on Mars.)
The meteorite landed on the planet Mars.

Methods for mercury benefits analyses are still under development and do not yet provide a means to estimate the mercury-related benefits of the Clear Skies Act.
The Clear Skies Act serves to help the environment.

Newsweek 's cover story slams modern  All the good spots are swamped with tourists.
Newsweek said there were twelve thousand tourists.

But a gray of that breeding "Don Cazar's forefinger ran nail point along his lower lip.
His lip bled from his sharp fingernail.

In an Aug. 21 letter to NLAP board chairman Gerald A. Kaynard, LSC president John N. Erlenborn  If NLAP fails to effectuate these transfers by Aug. 31, LSC will take all necessary steps to protect its interest in these properties.
If the transfers weren't done by Aug. 31, LSC's interests would be threatened.

Cosimo the Elder (1389 1464) became the city's ruler and founder of the Medici dynasty in 1434.
The Medici dynasty wouldn't have been founded in 1434 if not for Cosimo the Elder.

The 130 years of Portuguese control proved precarious.
The 130 years of control by the Portuguese proved to be uncertain, giving the people a sense of uneasiness. 

... Con Conquest of Mexico .
The conquest of Mexico lasted a long time.

In practice, awards seem to gain legitimacy with the patina of age.
Rusty awards are considered more legitimate as they were built solidly enough to stand the test of time.

Time seemed to slow as he moved in, his mind moving faster than the battle unfolded.
In a short time he would know they had lost the battle. 

The pessimistic one will lead to the other.
The Pessimistic one finds people of a similar belief attractive.

Maybe, just maybe, if he were sued again ...
He is hoping to be sued again. 

oh he gets too much he gets you know he
He may get too much.

I was amused to notice that he stowed away the used matches most carefully in a little china pot. 
I was amused that he hid the matches so his wife couldn't find them.

For each household in Diary Survey from 1986 to 1994, BLS computes a sampling weight giving the representativeness of that household in the population of US households during the year it is sampled
The Diary Survey uses advanced analysis techniques.

Coconut palms, papaya, bananas, white sand, and surf (beware of the strong currents) make Kovalam the ultimate in happy-go-lucky dolce farniente.
The beach may also contain some mango trees.

and the Cardinals were kind of like the Cowboys in fact they were doing better than the Cowboys and the Cowboy Cowboys came on strong at the end of the season and the Cardinals got killed by the Cowboys so
The Cowboys did not do so well towards the end, and the were defeated.

There's even a small museum on the premises.
Entry to the museum is free.

Incorporated in its structure are fragments of medieval and Renaissance architecture and sculpture.
Medieval and Renaissance style make the structure look so much better.

He served as a Massachusetts state senator and a U.S. senator, and then, during James Monroe's presidency, as secretary of state, where he was largely responsible for formulating the principles behind the Monroe Doctrine.
He had a lengthy and successful career as a state senator and secretary of state. 

oh oh that's nice
I bet it is great.

Turning left along the quays of the north bank towards the Four Courts (about11.2 km/1 mile), you will come to the delightful cast-iron footbridge, the Ha'penny Bridge, that connects Merchants' Arch to Liffey Street.
On weekends, the the Ha'penny Bridge is especially crowded.

He was named Rendu, which meant Old Uncle I learned later.
Jon taught me that Rendu means Old Uncle.

are unable to meet the sulfur dioxide emission level (271,000 tons) that they established for 2018 for electricity generating units emitting over 100 tons of sulfur dioxide per year.
They're unable to meet CO2 emission levels by 2018 

and put it in front of the Wal-Mart store in town and they they it just really every every every time you went by there it was just over flowing
I think it is a waste of energy how it just flows.

The assumption is that private investors who buy and sell won are depressing its value below its equilibrium rate.
The private investors colluded to cause the depression.

Minimum levels of investment in a nation's physical and human capital are crucial just to maintain labor productivity and living standards.
A nation crumbles without physical and human capital investments.

As a visitor, you can admire the inlaid stone panels of birds and flowers at the back of the hall.
Most visitors forget to stop and see the stone panels of birds and flowers.

The island's quiet spot is the 12th-century Venetian-Byzantine church of Santa Maria e San Donato, with a powerful mosaic in the apse.
The church took 25 years to build and has been standing for over 800 years.

and that i couldn't watch and but you know you could tell when it was coming
I couldn't watch because I was scared.

It's no surprise that the US dollar is accepted as readily as the Jamaican dollar to pay for goods.
The US dollar has been growing more value than Jamaican dollar.

 except types of property, plant, and equipment that are expensed.
Some types of property and items are costly.

The reconstruction plan warily lowered the profile by more than 10 percent.
They calculated and the reconstruction plan is considered to be a complete disaster.

and uh we are presently uh in receipt of a site permit which will allow us to um uh this is air side allow allow to have certain emissions up to a certain tonnage it's in in in tons per year um
Emissions now have to be regulated because they were excessive in the past.

But there are scenery chewers and there are Michelin-gourmet scenery chewers, and Pacino has a three-star feast.
Michelin-gourmet scenery chewers are a type of person who frequents fancy restaurants.

and the kids got to go around and you know see pigs and animals and things like that and and for them that's wonderful you know they they they thought it was the greatest fun you know and it didn't cost any money and uh you don't have quite as much money when when the wife doesn't work
We have a tighter budget, given that my wife does not work.

Not a single day goes by that I don't think about Enka.
Enka was my girlfriend so I think about her everyday.

you know when we're having guests we just kind of feel like just do it and i made blueberry cobbler  and we had extra crust with it i mean it was so fattening but i don't think we gained any weight from it so
Before the blueberry cobbler we ate something else.

so i usually like things that cater to children
I prefer things that cater to children and are healthy.

could have gone might have started making a little inroads on air pollution with that
We missed our best chance to work on air pollution.

yeah yeah yeah that's what it is you know about insurance i didn't know anything about insurance until i had got until i had children
Until I had children, I really didn't know anything about insurance or tax benefits.

The 1960 World Book says that means Missouri supports itself and the United States, although it looks more like a poster for animal boxing, which might be the state sport of Missouri.
Missouri is known for bad treatment of animals.

Now at last, I had Poirot to myself, and could relieve my still burning curiosity. 
I was dying to know who killed Mrs. Inglethorpe. 

Built by Emperor Hadrian around a.d. 125 on an earlier site destroyed by fire, it achieved a marvel of engineering with its magnificent coffered over 43 m (141 ft) in interior diameter (larger than St. Peter's), exactly equal to its height.
Emperor Hadrian is the most prolific architect and builder in ancient times.

In addition to the legislative support I've already discussed, GAO will be assessing whether it may need additional authority from the Congress to obtain certain types of records for conducting our work.
Additional authority will likely be needed for GAO.

For state-of-the-art articles on piercing, see Flesh Canvas.
Current people working as piercers work according to the articles in Flesh Canvas.

The red sun gleamed from the silver edge of the black blade.
The edge of the blade was lifted into the air. 

too much the only crazy comedy i  really like is Saturday Night Live
I watch SNL sometimes.

But most of the other recent paintings are jeweled, engaging, user-friendly.
The older paintings are less user-friendly than the more recent paintings.

Last year alone, the agency aided more than 14,000 people, according to Nan Heald, who has been with Pine Tree Legal since 1985 and directed it since 1990.
The agency helped over 14,000 people last year in civil court.

To-day, if you like.
Today, if that works for you.

It was a world of anarchy, from your point of view.
It was to everyone's great detriment that the world looked so chaotic. 

The program focused less attention on the human factors that contribute to marine safety.
The program focuses on machine performance in marine safety.

In this review, GAO was provided thousands of documents including copies of e-mails and other information identifying group membersa contacts with outside groups and individuals.
The other information provided to the GAO included mailing lists,

But while she got plenty of media attention, her story was widely dismissed as irrelevant under the Ozark Exemption, or as the nattering of, in the words of Newsweek 's Evan Thomas, some sleazy woman with big hair coming out of the trailer parks--a remark for which he later apologized.
Evan Thomas said she looked like a slut.

and uh basketball seems like all all that you can really see is run and shoot run and shoot run and shoot  and um
Basketball is not enjoyable because all you can really see is run and shoot.

has been hasn't been too much rain which is really nice because last week all that rain and it was just bad with all the flooding when uh Trinity Mills Road flooded over all those times you couldn't i couldn't pass by it
There was a major storm for two weeks that flooded Trinity Mills road.

uh-huh is yours skinny or is it a tubby one
How skinny is yours?

Their low salaries and high debt payments were making it impossible to live.
Student loans are a common source of high debt payments.

How to Live to 100 advises exercise, low-fat food, and perseverance.
How to Live to 100 is popular with old people.

don't watch really very many horror films at all
I haven't seen a scary movie in five years.

Rather they are assessments of how the future might unfold compared to a previously defined reference case - given a national commitment to achieve the emission reductions, and given the mix of technology and policy assumptions embodied in each of the scenarios.
This set of complex words creating a long sentence could puzzle someone who doesn't possess the complete knowledge of the English language.

yeah peer group is the other way now instead of
The peer group is not how it used to be.

That's not an irrefutable disproof that discrimination exists, but it's at least a calculation that needs to be taken seriously.
The study doesn't really disprove that discrimination exists.

It involved the examination of invoices after payment in lieu of prepayment examination.
Prepayment examination is to be desired over looking at invoices after payment.

If Tinky Winky (see ) has no explicit gender, how do you know that the handbag, tutu, and so on aren't veiled signals that Tinky is female?
Tinky Winky enjoys wearing a tutu every day.

of uh people to teach math and sciences and somebody said well you know you could go in and and substitute teach at seventy five dollars a day and there's always going to be you know uh somebody having a need for a math or science teacher i thought Christ they're letting me in to you know this would be this would be frightening i don't know anything about it
Seventy five dollars a day is normal for math teachers.

It was because, whilst his mother lay there, obviously poisoned, he saw, over your shoulder, that the door into Mademoiselle Cynthia's room was unbolted."
He immediately went into Mademoiselle Cynthia's room when he saw it was unlocked.

But it would not be inaccurate to describe a woman as a nebbish or as nebbishy.
Some men can also be accurately described as nebbish.

and um i'm heavily involved in you know my own personal recycling we recycle paper and cans here at work and you know i do the newspaper and cardboard and paper and
My colleagues and I try to recycle all materials properly, including plastic.

Louis XIII had hoped to make his favorite hunting lodge a modest retirement home.
Louis XIII did not retire to his favorite hunting lodge.

is it no seriously because these were this was a nice North Dallas this was not we weren't over on Cedar Springs or Harry Hines or anything you know
We have never been on Cedar Springs nor Harry Hines.  

Michael Isikoff, the Newsweek reporter whom Brill criticizes, notes, first, that the full exchange is equivocal--Lewinsky also tells Tripp the president doesn't think she is going to tell the truth.
The president thinks Lewinsky will lie to the press about the scandal due to her history of dishonesty.

Nearly all interventions delivered in emergency settings consist of a single intervention visit.
Nearly all interventions delivered in emergency settings are usually drug related.

Anas dulce is sweet; anas seco, dry and dangerously potent.
The anas shocks its consumers with its potency.

that would certainly help i'm sure
Yes, please send me the information. That would really be helpful.

My senses returned to me on the way back to my room.
I had been overwhelmed but started to feel better.

Nothing to pop the corks over, either.
The corks are for bottles of red wine.

How can we measure our performance?
How do we evaluate our performance in last nights game? 

Forbes : The basis of Western Civilization.
Western Civilization has a long history to learn from.

okay um my major source of information i guess is TV news  excuse me i uh wake up to it in the morning this is my i guess my prime time for news first thing in the morning while i'm getting ready to go to work oh i quite frequently uh glance through headlines or in the newspaper but uh primarily mine is uh TV news how about yourself
I watch a few different news stations on television.

The other significant story of Clinton's continuing sexual adventuring was Michael Isikoff's account last August of a murky encounter between White House volunteer Kathleen Willey and the president.
Michael Isikoff told everyone he knows what really happened between the volunteer and the President.

Station Here Jesus is condemned in Herod the Great's Antonia Fortress.
Station Here Jesus is condemned in Antonia Fortress because it is controversial.

Time 's trend cover story concludes that Generation Xers are not  They're materialistic, ambitious, and entrepreneurial.
Time concludes that the Baby Boom generation is more materialistic than any other generation.  

In 1947 the opera impresario Sir Rudolf Bing undertook the task of organizing the first annual arts festival, which aimed to attract major names in the fields of music, drama, and dance.
Bing tried to organize the first arts festival and soon it became one of the biggest in the world.

Bettelheim believed grandiosely in being a guide, but he had fundamentally humble guidance to  that in the end, as in the beginning (one of his favorite phrases), one can hope to grow only by endeavoring to be one's own guide.
Bettelheim knew enough about being a great guide.

I was killed; all right, if you say I was, I was.
So you brought me back to life.

The investments in nonfederal physical property in the 5 years from 199V to 199Z were as  (in billions of dollars)
Investments in nonfederal physical property was $3 billion.

They don't trust me, but they don't want to hurt us, she said.
She knew they would not hurt them.

Although an individual household can tap the increased value of its assets to finance additional consumption or accumulate other assets by selling an asset to another household, the transaction itself shifts ownership of the existing asset and does not generate new economic output.
It is not worth changing ownership of the asset.

--providing for waivers for small rural carriers,
Waivers are only available to rural carriers.

yeah and see i don't know that and it well you know i was real impressed with his handling of this i know that
I misjudged him and I didn't know how impressive he can be.

(If you need a little help, click here.)
If you need help finding a book, click here.

The Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) was established in 1970 under a presidential reorganization plan in response to public concerns over unhealthy air, polluted rivers, unsafe drinking water, and haphazard waste disposal.
The Environmental Protection Agency is an agency that only works in America

In that respect, it was noted that board members should possess an independent spirit to ask the tough and probing questions of management.
We want the board members to be involved in the company.

okay well i'm in east Plano i'm out in Las Rios so it's bound to be different over here but yeah yeah
I enjoy being in Las Rios.

does he tell it in narrative form or in third person how does he present it
He presents in many differently styles and forms  but particularly favors third person, which did he use this time?

A unified currency makes economic sense, but trade efficiency is only one motive for many governments.
Unified currency in Europe has been a huge success.

Dozens and dozens of sites, such as Eye on the World, celebrate tsunamis, typhoons, hurricanes, droughts, and--of course--tornadoes.
Eyes on the World has a very small user base.

but uh i know your voice in your own head resonates a different way uh go ahead you you comment on it yeah i'm glad that you're in the business that i know TI's gotten it with their Speak and Spell and everything i've told my wife that one of the reasons they're doing it is because eventually you'll be able to talk to your computer you wouldn't have to have a keyboard
One day you will not need to have a keyboard anymore.

you know and so then you know you have because what happens is suppose i'm i go to war and i'm holding a gun and i'm just looking at myself holding a gun and whoever shoots first survives you know
I wouldn't want to be in a war and have to kill other people.

We're not proposing 27 pages of regulations of the Internet.
It is ludicrous to propose so many regulations on the internet. 

Portugal has emerged as one of the world's top destinations for golfing vacations, with many companies offering all-inclusive vacations.
The world's single most popular golfing resort is in Portugal.

Watch your favorite theorists tackle everybody's favorite subject, as Katha Pollitt limns 50 Progressive Ways To Make Him Scream, and Judith Butler finds Hot Honeymoon Hump Tips That Catharine MacKinnon Could Love.
Books on sex always sell millions of copies.

or what it was well we're going to have to do that because we have the shade the trees this is an established and older home that we moved into and um
We moved into this older home, but out previous home was even older.

so what's the point in voting for these people i i mean it you know i get just as good of results as if i through darts at a board
I try to learn about local candidates but you never know if they will deliver on their campaign promises.

sure yeah i don't ever want to have to worry about that that's real important to me um you know we have that that Aetna
It's very significant to me that we have Aetna and it's affordable.

In the Midwest, 10 th -seeded Miami of Ohio reached the round of 16 by knocking off seventh-seeded Washington--behind a 43-point onslaught from forward Wally Szczerbiak--and second-seeded Utah.
Both teams wanted to win the game.

He declares on both PBS's NewsHour With Jim Lehrer and Capital Gang that the Clinton administration got away with berating India because the nation--unlike China, Greece, and Israel--has no lobby in Washington.
He declared that India had it coming because the do not lobby in Washington.

Some respondents were concerned that there would be double counting if, as proposed by the standards, some stewardship items would be reported in two separate categories; for example, Yellowstone National Park would be reported as a heritage asset and as stewardship land.
The respondents need not worry as the standards do account for situations where areas may be categorized twice.

yeah yeah that i think that's
I think about this a lot

It is increasingly obvious, he said, that the investment community does not like asset-intensive companies.
The investment community companies that have huge amounts of assets.

This document is a blueprint for how GAO will support the Congress as it continues to face complex issues and challenges.
The document shared with the committee shows how GAO will support Congress.

and he had to get two new ones too so  i i i'd never heard of it before so my mouth was open the when you mentioned that that circumstance
I was surprised to hear about it.

Those who feel no sense of crisis about late-modern life will nibble and scowl and drop the book with an impatient thump.
Those who feel no sense of crisis about late-modern life will return the book.

yeah i don't do well with potted plants outside i tend to neglect neglect them and they sit in the sun too long and dry up or uh if i don't put them in the sun they don't grow
The potted plants you care for die.

Thorn will go with you.
You and Thorn will go to the graveyard. 

uh well it would depend on when you go it's not it's not excessively crowded on the weekends
The library is not too crowded on weekends.

See Guides and Tours on page 111 for information on local outfitters that organize guided walks.
On page 111 you will also find information on local bars, restaurants and hotels.

It has identified fixes for less than 50 percent of These failures.
The failures have cost the company millions of dollars.

First, the state must find doctors willing to do the job.
There are plenty of doctors out there who will do the job, they just need to be found.

that's when we camped the most when i thinks it's a marvelous activity for younger families
We camped in July more than any other time.

You never told me, I said reproachfully. 
You never told me about the crime, I said disparagingly.

Ca'daan saw Adrin and San'doro jump.
San'doro was jumping to avoid the earthquake.

well i think it comes back to uh starting with the children once you get them you know if you get them
It comes back to starting with children, if you get them, because you learn the most.

so they're kind of a pain but you know people who don't have them think they're great and people who do have them
The people that have them think they're a pain but the people that don't think they're pretty to look at. 

They were fair and honest traders.
The traders offered their wares at a fair price.

uh with my daughter and with my son they both have different interests in books but um they they uh they do read them um i have some books on on health that i read all the time one's on vitamins that are good for you and that kind of thing but yeah i i'm
I take vitamins based on health book recommendations. 

Chickens run in and out of doorways and often may be seen peering out from roosts on the second floor of houses.
Chickens cannot climb stairs so while they run in and out of doors, they are stuck on the second floor.

The 1998  The deposition was a minor distraction.
Their king was deposed from the throne in 1998.

The exemption of baseball from antitrust law is predicated on the idea that Major League Baseball is one company rather than an industry such as semiconductors or computers.
One cannot compare baseball to semiconductors or computers.

You got yourself out of a tight place very well, he said gravely.
It's a good thing you got yourself out of that predicament or else you could have died, he said gravely.

Two hundred years ago, after Napoleon sent his army officers to explore the land and bring back the first hand-drawn impressions of half-buried statues and columns, the world couldn't get enough.
Napoleon sent his officers to explore land and they told about massive columns buried in the sand that were unlike anything they'd seen.

yeah she's real good
Yes, she is real good at studying.

Educating court and law enforcement officers is a program priority, Crockett said, because in that emotional and painful situation sensitivity and education is absent among some who deal with victims.
People who have lost pets can often be distraught.

What's up?"
Do you have any plans right now?

Talk about when you became out of touch with her and maybe why.
You lost touch with her because she became cruel 

The stone was taken as booty from a Crusader church in Acre (now Israel) when it was overrun by Arab forces.
The stone was important to the people and they suffered a great loss.

I know nothing only the name. She walked towards the door.
The name is Tommy and the door is red.

Aghiasos village lies in its shadow.
Aghisasos village is small, with a population of four hundred.

Japanese commentators have happily adopted the American jargon of  Strike one, ball two,   home run,  and  pinch hit.  
The Japanese baseball fan understands some American baseball terms.  

There, said Tuppence, with great satisfaction, "this ought to do them.
There, said Tuppence, with pleasure, "they will most likely fall into this trap."

I wondered really whether she is quite sane on that point." Poirot shook his head energetically. 
They did not want to make the woman upset.

Monuments usually celebrate heroes, or commemorate victories, or honor kings or saints; but the Eiffel Tower is a monument for its own sake, a proud gesture to the world.
No other monument resembles the Eiffel Tower.

The sunny  We nailed the terrorists.
They almost got killed.

Whole valleys are carpeted with lavender, and the garrigue scrubland shimmers with every color and fragrance of the sunny Mediterranean.
The Mediterranean has a great many valleys carpeted with daisies.

The whole area around Grasmere and Rydal Water is full of gentle walks in beautiful deciduous woodland.
The walks around Grasmere and Rydal Water last less than thirty minutes.

 Santa Eule ria was the first village in Ibiza to attract foreign visitors decades before the invention of the package tour and a significant (and in some cases notorious) colony of foreign artists and writers has grown up here, scattered around the local area.
The colony of foreign artists in the village had a few famous names.

They were baffled but not discouraged.
They were not easily discouraged. 

just about everybody i've talked to has been with TI i guess that's i guess that's the same with your husband
Most people are with TI, just like your husband and they love the company

As a preliminary matter, using the fixed/variable ratios for U.S.
The ratios help determine the outcomes.

Also, if one product development takes more time and money to complete than expected, it denies the firm opportunities to invest those resources in other products.
The firm wants to invest its resources into creating true artificial intelligence. 

And he sounded sincere.
He sounded sincere to my ear.

The Musee de la Prehistoire (10 Place de la Chapelle) exhibits artifacts representative of local life during the Paleolithic, Neolithic, Bronze, Iron, and Roman ages.
The exhibition of artifacts is done in a chronological order.

By the way, the original 1970 law contained no time limit on rate cases.
Rate cases demand a lot of time because they are really complex.

They're more interested in spiritual self-flagellation and renewal.
They're more interested in renewal than they are self-flagellation.

I think maybe they're looking for me.
I think they want to capture me.

yeah yeah i remember i remember when i was out at Ridgecrest somebody had a flat and uh i asked them i said do you have a tire tool in the in the trunk
I was able to help someone replace their tire with their tire tool.

A thunderous roar grew in the night; metal screeching and scratching.
You could hear the second the lightning struck the garbage can. 

Those benefits may be defined in terms of specified benefits, such as health care, tuition assistance, or legal services, which are provided to retirees as the need for those benefits arises, such as certain health care benefits.
Retirees have too many benefit necessities.

These reviews allowed us to monitor program development, to learn about problems and to suggest new strategies for expanding access and enhancing quality.
Better quality was brought in by the monitor program.

Appetizing.
The food is appetizing.

Our culture now interprets nearly all pleasures as addictions--or potential addictions.
The number of behaviors considered addictive has increased over time.

One regular precaution before driving out into the boonies used to be marking a giant TV with adhesive tape on the back and side windows, which we believed was easy-to-spot shorthand for don't shoot, I'm a reporter.
Reporters used reflective tape in their windows.

At least I could be sure that this man understood his crimes.
I was also certain he was sorry for the crimes he committed. 

One of them had opened his mouth halfway across his cheek.
One opened his mouth until all his teeth are exposed.

The government's resolve did not abate, however.
The government kept its resolve because it cared about the future.

The rich permanent collection includes tapestries, furniture, and porcelain, but look out for the fascinating temporary exhibitions that are held here, featuring great styles and eras of design history such as Jugendstil, Bauhaus, and the American 1950s.
The temporary exhibits usually bring in more visitors since they are only there for a limited time.

(For your trekking requirements)
Trekking is fun.

Dayton Ohio i'm from North Carolina
I'm from Charlotte, North Carolina. 

But the museum's greatest treasures are undoubtedly the dukes' tombs in the Salle des Gardes ' brought here from the Charter?­house of Champmol, which was destroyed during the Rev?­o?­lu?­tion.
Those who destroyed the Charter House of Champmol did so accidentally.

He goes out into the wilds alone, seeking always the gold."
He's crazy to go into the wild alone.

At least they were in here, drinking, too.
There were several people drinking because it was the weekend.

He became involved in a power struggle with Columbus's son, Diego, who through his father's will had claims on the island.
Diego had the support of the citizens of the island.

Finish your visit to the Marais with a walk through the old Jew?­ish quarter (or shtetl, as Paris Jews call it) around the Rue des Rosiers, enjoying the wonderful smells from its delicatessens and falafel shops.
The delicatessens are absolutely the finest in the surrounding area.

GAO is also authorized to inspect an agency's records to secure the required information.
GAO secretly inspects the agency's records. 

Marry me!
Start a family with me!

After the meeting, Zucker realized he had to ask himself some fundamental questions.
The questions were posed by others.

Was Danvers just a decoy? Tommy shook his head.
Tommy liked Danvers too much to serious consider this.

and Go back to Harvard!
Go back to Harvard, i don't want you here!

The runner-up goat was Falcons Coach Dan Reeves, whose defeat at the hands of his former quarterback (Elway) and an assistant coach he fired seven years ago (Broncos Coach Mike Shanahan), made Reeves 0-4 in the Super Bowl.
Falcons Coach Dan Reeves was quite embarrassed when his team was defeated by his former quarterback and an assistant coach he had previously fired.

A serene statue of the Virgin Mary (13th century) stands in the north arm of the transept.
The statue of the Virgin Mary was created at the start of the 13th century. 

For example, we have active employee feedback and suggestion programs.
The employees are happy with the current systems.

you might be sitting on a gold mine
Those coins you have may be a gold mine!

This lock has been forced."
The lock hadn't opened despite the force on it. 

and this kind of thing and i think that Dallas it turns out though from what i understand has quite good i occasionally go to Saint Louis and uh there for a few days and watch the news and and i think Dallas really does have
I wish I could stay in Saint Luis for more than a week.

Don't go borrowin' trouble nor try to cross a river till you git th' water lappin' at your boots."  9  "Times is gittin' better."Crow Fenner rode with one knee cocked up over the horn of his saddle, allowing Tar to drop into a pace at which he seemed to be actually sleep-walking.
Tar was very tired from walking all night.

She cut free her cloak and danced as the bandit's blade swung.
She removed her cloak and thought about tossing it at the bandit to blind them.

You can imagine rickshaws pulling up onto the grounds of the ivy-covered grey stone mansion for one of the viceroy's banquets.
In addition to the rickshaws, you could imagine horses with carriages.

Leading organizations recognize the myriad forces driving their IT capabilities.
Some of these forces are private companies like IBM and Xerox.

Somehow, I found a cab.
After wandering for hours I was able to find a cab.

it's a real bad thing and it's just you know i think it's so many of these bad things some little really don't contribute that much and some just insignificantly but uh you know i i heard something the other night that absolutely floored me i'm a i'm a i'm a space enthusiast and just absolutely uh am absolutely crazy about the solar you know and think that we ought to put as much money as we can possibly get into the to the space program and i found out the other night from an Australian scientist one of the most respected uh scientist in Australia that every time i the US shuttle goes up it dumps more than what is it a hundred tons of these fluorocarbons into the ozone layer it is probably responsible our US shuttle
I would love to go to space one day, if I could.

Maryland ranks at the top of the list nationally in the level of funding for civil legal assistance in the state.
Maryland needs all of the civil legal assistance 

I will not go into the details of the police court proceedings, as it involves many tiresome repetitions. 
It is tiresome to go through court proceedings.

yeah the the one thing i think that's no good for anyone is these monster institutions these institutions of thirty thirty thousand students
Big institutions are not good for anyone but many people like them.

He also said that if this type of legislation is not feasible, the Association's members would like to be able to use their frequent flyer miles to upgrade to business class on long flights.
Association members want their travel expenses to be written into the law.

The kingdom of the Pharaohs has many more eras of history to add yet.
The eras of history that could be added by the kingdom aren't as interesting as other eras.

yeah and are you talking about public schools being lower level high school level or
You are talking about the number of classes offered in public schools.

yeah yeah oh yeah it's just that yeah it's just that the rating system seems you know instead of having X now they have what NC seventeen
NC seventeen is a much stronger rating than X.  

The particular specification estimated a C-R function based on changes in mean levels of PM2.
The levels of PM2 are very volatile, that's why it should be considered.

[A]ttorneys providing legal assistance must have full freedom to protect the best interests of their clients.
Attorneys and clients should be able to discuss information freely.

Sulfates and nitrates that form in the atmosphere from SO2 and NOx emissions are significant contributors to visibility impairment in many national parks and wilderness areas, as well as urban areas across the country.
Poor visibility is a major contributor is many different kinds of accidents.

A sex scandal on the religious right, no matter how flimsy, seems too good to pass up.
A sex scandal is good to cover because people always want to read about it.

Security Weaknesses at IRS' Cyberfile Data Center (GAO/AIMD-96-85R, May 9, 1996)
The list of security problems at the IRS Cyberfile Data Center is very large.

Manley was made out to be a second Castro, foreign investment quickly dried up, many wealthy Jamaicans left the island, and the economy collapsed.
Manley is generally regarded as a poor leader due to the collapse of the economy.

Given these realities, the CIO organization must provide an effective, responsive IT workforce to help accomplish missions and goals.
Their goals are daunting but the IT workers can do it. 

However, the buildings beautiful though they are have not been able to accommodate modern computerized banking equipment; increasingly, the institutions have moved to modern buildings around the city.
The bank has over 20 locations around the city. 

 Thus, we do not necessarily keep eBooks in compliance with any particular paper edition.
We don't need any special licenses in this shop, especially with eBooks.

and i think one of the good ways of solving that is to like everybody likes to come to a party so have a voting party and uh you know like in communities and have the issues there and then everybody go vote together and then maybe come back over and have brunch or something i mean that's the only thing that i can figure out because
Everyone likes to get together, so it works best to host an event if you want people to be involved.

How much? asked the northerner.
The northerner asked how much he needed to pay.

you know so many so many of these jokers get the death penalty and then you know just end up in prison uh
Many end up in jail after repeatedly offending.

People raised on farms understand this.
People, in addition to raising farms, grew crops.

They prevent high-cost mailers from being cross subsidized by low-cost mailers, and they
High cost mailers are threatened by low cost ones 

But these individual successes can't disguise the very curious reality that we're living in a world that is somehow saturated by the media without actually paying all that much attention to it.
There is a curious reality which everyone lives in.

The two stories further illustrate the unease, even hostility, that blacks have tended to feel about their folklore, and about black history  In That I Had the Wings, Riley, a young black boy Ellison uses in several stories, hates his Aunt Kate and wishes she had died back in slavery times; in Flying Home, the black pilot who seeks escape hates the black farmer who rescued him after his crash.
Riley and Ellison learn about black history because they went back in time

But so far, conservatives have been silent, perhaps because Klayman has proved remarkably effective at abusing the people most right-wingers dislike.
Conservatives haven't been making noise regarding the voting scandal. 

Everyone likes evening gowns.
Evening gowns are liked by all because of their elegance.

There are those who argue passionately that life originated with a single replicated molecule.
Some people say life begins at conception.

The neighborhood isn't really dangerous, but it's all too easy for the unwary visitor to wander into a rip-off; if you plan to explore Kabuki-cho, do so with a knowledgeable local guide.
Authorities don't take enough interest safety of tourists in the Kabuki-cho area.

yeah a lot of kids kids and the cousins really get along with each other they're all young they're all i
It's nice, because we can just send them off to go play for hours.

It bore the inscription, "Mr. Edward Whittington." Below the name were the words "Esthonia Glassware Co.," and the address of a city office.
Mr. Edward Whittington works at a city office. 

The graceful crescent-shaped Piazza del Duomo is the perfect place for breakfast surrounded by 17th- and 18th-century palazzi and the monumental facade of the cathedral.
The Piazza del Duomo was constructed to attract foreign visitors.

However, some economists are concerned that the acceleration may be concentrated in durable manufacturing rather than widely disseminated throughout the economy.
Acceleration is concentrated in durable manufacturing. 

Despite the renowned management methods and worker efficiency that drove the country's spectacular postwar recovery, many wonder whether traditional Japan's collectivist values can appeal to new generations seeking greater individualism and a more prominent role in the running of family, company, and society.
Traditional Japanese values were eliminated at the end of the war.

The Oregon Law Center is one of a few legal groups that cater to farmworkers.
Farmworkers struggle to find legal assistance, as no firm wants to help them.

did it wrote wrote the uh the or translation that so much was lost in the translation uh particularly since most of the translations most of the translations were from Greek
The translators may have been inexperienced, as much was lost in the translation process.

EXCHANGE REVENUE - Inflows of resources to a governmental entity that the entity has earned.
Exchange revenue is high 

i don't like it when there's mosquitoes so bad
I don't like it when the mosquitoes are bad at night.

well no the the big issue was is is uh when we moved here a few years ago is whether it was okay for you to uh drink beer while you were driving your pickup truck
We moved to a different state and we weren't sure about the drunk driving laws.

A seesaw to make a man dizzy, or maybe the vertigo he felt was the product of too much sun, dust, and riding.
He had been riding for most of the hot, sunny day.

In general, employees may not approve their own T&amp;A data.
Their data isn't reviewed by themselves 

Rule a 7525(h)) requires the Administrator of the EPA to review and revise the regulations regarding the testing of motor vehicles and motor vehicle engines to insure that vehicles are tested under circumstances which reflect the actual driving conditions under which motor vehicles are used, including conditions relating to fuel, temperature, acceleration and altitude.
The EPA is in charge of all matters relating to public health and well-being.

oh man i'm telling you everybody's and i think it's really the weather it will it will get warm one day and then not real cold but pretty cool the next day and then warm the next day
I hope it'll get warm and stay warm.

'Think about what you're doing,' I implored.
I told him to think before he hurt anyone.

Have you ever heard that name?"
Have you ever met anyone with that name?

To have a more precise view of unit costs (and to have a better level of comparison with U.S. costs which are by route instead of by geographic area), the costs are then divided into two groups per area.
Unit costs have grown exponentially over the last decade under the current system.

it's so relaxing to just sit and but once i get started i can't put it down i just
Once I get started, I work for ten straight hours.

You are likely to see everything from the deep gloom of the densest forest to the sudden brilliant burst of sun in a clearing, playing endless variations on the textures and myriad shades of green in the surrounding vegetation.
You must be on guard in from the densest parts of the forest to the clearings.

Nehru got his Independence and Jinnah his Partition a Pakistan whose eastern Bengali portion was to break away 24 years later to become Bangladesh.
Part of Bengal became Bangladesh after a battle.

Jazz is popular in Istanbul, and many bars and clubs have live bands performing over the weekends.
Many Jazz bands get their start playing in bars in Istanbul.

they actually mentioned a little on the fact that he's started to instigate a program where he's actually uh not necessary they say he's getting around the rules somewhat but it's actually sounds like a pretty good idea where he goes out and recruits other students who don't meet the minimum academic requirements to get into the college and and then qualify for a student athlete position and he takes them and signs some contract or something with them but sends them then then to junior college
Admissions for the school uses some corrupt practices to get in top athletes who may not make the cut for academic standards. 

Jon had lived around slavery his whole life but seeing a town as beautiful as this one perverted by such inhumanity chilled his heart.
This town made slavery seem better than it is. 

This story will be around for the remainder of the Clinton presidency, claims Shields.
Shield believes that the controversy will always follow Clinton. 

Traditionally served by the Spanish at Christmas time, the flat bars of turren are very hard.
Flat bars of Turren are Spanish food traditionally served at Christmas. The bars are made by many of the local bakeries.

yeah  you keep trading them  yeah uh-huh uh-huh ours are going to be coming out now our cancer society sales daffodils right now they're they're big now so we we have daffodils for in the house because of the cut flowers but they're just beginning to come out the end bud
We sell a lot of daffodils, but I'm tired of them.

We also organized a conference on document assembly software in New York City.
The document assembly software conference will be in Chicago next year.

You can't keep calm.
It's not possible to stay calm after winning the lottery. 

The region is famous for its white horses, which you can hire to ride along the sandflats; for the black bulls that race through the streets of Provencal towns to the bullfight; and for the wild duck, herons, and pink flamingos that gather here.
You can also hire white horses to attend the bullfight.

yeah i have not in not in a good while but
I can't remember the last time. 

America, and what America stands for, he replied.
The politician talked about what America stands for.

A moment later he was glad that he had, for it was not Conrad who entered, but a girl.
He and Conrad had a fight earlier.

The CAGE was developed in 1968 as a brief screening tool for primary care providers to detect alcohol abuse and dependence.
Use of this criteria has helped doctors get more people into rehab,

But I've learned to open a path--a difficult path for one in this world--and to draw from it, as you have been drawn.
I have had plenty of experience doing so.

what you call its
Whatchamacallits.

Four haiku translated and only 16 more to go for my Japanese final.
Only 16 more haiku to translate for my spring Japanese final. 

Edokko quarrel in a language all their own, an earthy local dialect as profane and expressive as Brooklynese.
The Edokko argue in their own language so outsiders cannot hear them fight.

In response to inquiries from the legal services community and Members of Congress, the LSC Board of Directors on June 30, 2001, established the LSC Task Force to Study and Report on Configuration of Service Areas.
The task force was established to help the community.

Our VBA work was conducted at VBA's regional offices in Los Angeles, CA; Muskogee, OK; and Phoenix, AZ.
There is a VBA office in every state.

Like U.S. citizens, aliens seek legal assistance on a variety of matters.
Aliens always need legal assistance 

The system in place today is the result of the processes begun with that grant.
This grant was provided by a local government agency.

hi uh my name's Nicole
She was calling her employer back about the potential job.

you know it's it's a matter of i i don't think you know i hate to get government involved with anything because it always costs more money but um you know it's a matter of they're going to have to pass stricter laws or start making
I don't want the government to be involved in everything but with the environment, it's a must. 

Membership in this group would be defined in a possession-neutral way.
The possession-neutral way means that you cannot possess stuffed animals in the group.

Additional restrictions prevented our grantees from doing much of the work they had previously handled-representing prisoners in civil litigation, representing certain groups of immigrants, representing clients in class action lawsuits.
Our grantees did not like the wages or hours that they worked.

'Over half my men...' White muttered.
The disease had killed over 50% of his company.

We synthesized and analyzed the numerous documents acquired from our literature search and case study organizations to determine the objectives essential for organizations to improve their financial management.
Without these using these objectives, organizations will unquestionably fail.

to go to Home Depot and that's a problem
Home Depot is usually never a problem.

He put her through some searching tests, and exposed her loss of memory to be fraudulent; but she had taken a note of his methods and reproduced them on me.
She learned how to test if memory loss was genuine, and used it on me.

There's no one else.
There is no one else there nor wanted. 

Controls should also be aimed at validating the propriety and integrity of both organizational and individual performance measures and indicators.
 Controls should be aimed at the governing board.

yeah because so is it like for example you test a chip
If you test a chip, it is possible that you will get one free?

A company of handweavers has been working here since at least 1723, and visitors are able to watch them at work, but their products have become less distinctive since they expanded into a popular tourist attraction.
Before becoming a tourist attraction, the company of handweavers were the best producers for the island.

On the south side of the station is Market Street, which was one of the principle market sites during the Victorian era.
Market Street has been restored and represent how it would have been in that era.

when i was in Houston there was one station of just uh it was uh the University of Houston station
When I was in Houston for work a few years ago, I took the train station that was located at the University. 

An even older Stone Age site was discovered on Lamma Island in 1996.
There is a Stone Age site on Lamma Island that will be excavated.

Postal Service witness Bradley in Docket No.
The Postal Service witness Bradley abuse his power.

Jamus stepped from his cottage as Ca'daan passed.
Ca'daan was on horseback.

We walk downstairs and out through the hall to where my car's waiting.
My car is running while it waits for us to walk downstairs. 

Candia blossomed with the riches of Venetian trade, and when Turkish forces stormed the island, the town held out for several months before falling into the Moslem hands.
When the Turks came to the island, all of the Venetian merchants fled.

Whittington was there right enough.
Whittington was there, even though he arrived a little late

The rest of his head was shaved.
He only had a tiny patch of hair left.

They grinned and closed in.
The grinned while closing in on the troops.

Do they follow? Jon asked Susan in his mind.
He really wanted to be specific but did not want to look like he was singling her out.

The peace plan achieved at Chuenpi was short-lived.
It was short-lived because of the actions of a group of men.

Given half a chance, Hollywood movies and British pop songs and Mercedes limos and all the glitzy glamour of rumbustious capitalism were exactly what people wanted.
People love capitalism because they love to spend money on useless crap. 

For motorized thrills, Las Vegas has at least one grand prix go-cart course.
Vegas has a grand prix go-cart course that lets you race at 50 miles per hour.

thinking he could um work under those
I think he could work under those conditions.

There's also the so-called Vinegar Bible, dating from 1716.
The Vinegar Bible got its name because of a typo made in it by its publishers. 

This mailer would clearly consider the value of the improved service along with the cost of the drop shipping.
The mailer was very business savvy due to working for a large corporation for many years.

Palma's excellent selection of chic shoe, bag, and clothing stores is concentrated along Avinguda del Rei Jaume III, Passeig d'es Born, and Conquistador.
Palma has Gucci and Versace.

Except the Jews, who have to sit inside and watch Davey and Goliath over and over and over again.
Religious children are often indoctrinated with the same stories over and over.

Checkers masters stared down their Armageddon a few years ago, when a powerful computer program named Chinook forged a tie with the second-best checkers player in the world, Don Lafferty.
Chinook, a computer almost beat a world class player in checkers, because Don Lafferty made a mistake.

but uh first and foremost the Bills i even went i went to got to go to a Bills game this year which was fun it was the the Bills Eagles game which appropriately enough
I went to the Bills Eagles game in Philadelphia.

yeah yeah those have really cropped up years of late but uh
They have cropped up because of media coverage.

'What's the first thought that comes into your head?'
When I tell you I hate you, what's the first thing that comes into your head.

Randy's Tech Talk and Apology in Lieu of Actual Wrap-Up
Randy's Tech Talk and Apology will be a poor replacement. 

After reading these books, I performed an experiment by going to the Museum of Modern Art and testing my reactions against the artists in question.
I performed an experiment by going to the Museum of Modern Art and testing my reactions against the performance artists, after reading these books.

and responsibilities of any groups or committees of senior managers, and the relationships between them.
Each group has a different responsibility.

Indian tribes including the Siboney from Central and South America had lived on the island since at least 1000 b.c.
The Siboney is an Indian tribe and they have a distinct culture from the other tribes.

my my wife is taxed on her bonus as well and that's a that's usually a big chunk of her bonus check actually i mean her bonus isn't that much but they tax it as i i guess they tax it as if
I use to get my bonus money off check , but my wife gets hers on her check which has taxes taken out.

You won't get a better bargain at the vineyard unless you know the owner.
Knowing the owner will lead to you receiving a huge discount.

uh and i suppose that uh so far as benefits are concerned the most important to uh me today would probably be uh something to do with retirement benefits
The only benefits I care about are retirement benefits.

(An incubus is an evil spirit that has sex with sleeping women; the term is a product of medieval theological lore, not of the Bible.)
Incubuses are heinous but the Bible doesn't believe in them. 

Not even if it means accepting funding cuts that the Guttmacher Institute concluded would lead to an increase in unwanted pregnancies, maternal deaths, and infant mortality.
The funding cuts total in excess of $10 million dollars.

Waiting for the first Spanish governor to arrive put a huge strain on the disillusioned society.
The Spanish governor was from Madrid.

do you work outside the home
Where do you work?

yeah well Chicago they they've been struggling last couple of years and they've had a good team for the past few years ever since they had Michael Jordan but they never did seem to make an impact on the play-offs
I think there are a number of other better teams in the league.

so who do you think's going to win the NBA this year
Which team will win the NBA Championship?

that's marvelous just marvelous well i work in I A Smith so we're forever looking at something else uh i you know i work
My work is in IA, so this is awesome, thanks for telling me about this.

and um they use those a lot but usually it's either shiners or
They are a good choice to use. 

This may whet your appetite for a boat cruise (from the port's Gare Mari?­time) to the Iles de L??rins, where you can stroll through eucalyptus and pine groves and beautiful flower gardens.
The beautiful flower gardens were designed by a very famous French artist.

yes the new one of course
Not the old one

The Contracting Officer monitors costs as required by the contract type (fixed-price or cost-reimbursable) and makes contract modifications as needed.
The Contracting Officer doesn't like to make modifications to contracts.

We have abundant evidence of the ancient Etruscan, Greek, and Roman communities in Italy, but know very little of the country's earlier, prehistoric settlers.
The prehistoric settlers were nomadic people.

Portugal's capital city is the country's largest, with a population of more than 2 million.
Portugal's capital has more than 2 million residents, almost twice the size of England's capital.

1, I should say, are a man's finger-prints; thumb and first finger. 
I found a man's fingerprints here on the table.

In the case of H-2A workers, the reading would require the conclusion that Congress intended to provide H-2A workers with legal services representation on claims arising from their employment contracts only for the very brief periods that the workers are in the United States -- potentially rendering the promise of legal representation largely meaningless.
From a legal standpoint, most judges and legal scholars would agree that this is asking for chaos.

Some contributions may represent saving that would have occurred even without the tax incentives or amounts merely shifted from taxable assets or even financed by borrowing.
Some contributions may represent saving that would have been ridiculous

And purpose," said Jon.
Jon was telling a story about how he discovered his life's meaning and purpose. 

i mean we educate them we feed them we take care of them and they no sooner get out on the street and they're back in again
Our help to the street is an endless cycle.

With any luck, the human security wouldn't pay too much attention to somebody going out.
The human security wouldn't pay attention late and night.

is it do you get spooked you feel or do you get butterflies in your stomach when you go there because
Is it every spooky there?

i love it in the it was a lot nicer than i expected
Even though it was rather kinky, I quite enjoyed it.

yeah people say they wish they had a roof on it though it doesn't look finished
Many people desire to have roofs, even if they are not finished yet.

If neither fair value is determinable, the cost of the PP and E acquired is the cost recorded for the PP and E surrendered net of any accumulated depreciation or amortization.
It is possible to determine in some cases.

Take your seat.  
Everyone needs to sit down right away.

From Blois, follow the N152 along the right bank of the Loire before croseng over to Amboise for a brief look at the exterior of the chateau that housed many of France's kings.
All France's kings chose to live in chateaus.

This is not, however, the voodoo of Haiti, and there are no  black magic  performances staged for tourists.
There are performances of magic in Haiti.

'Benjamin Franklin has been dead for several hundred years.
It didn't make sense that Benjamin Franklin was dead.

racquetball right and and people don't want to play with somebody that they're going to beat every time you know and and uh and
People don't want to play racquetball with somebody they're beating every time they play, that's why she doesn't play with you

DOD is currently considering submitting its proposal to the Office of Management and Budget.
The Office of Management and Budget has been waiting for months on this proposal.

There is absolutely no question as to the alibi!" 95 Chapter 8 FRESH SUSPICIONS There was a moment's stupefied silence. 
The alibi seems quite clear and everyone was too shocked and horrified to speak.

Only the girls."
We only allow females.

It is illuminating to speculate how these cases would have been decided if Congress had enacted a504(a)(16) without its proviso (prescribing only the general ban against litigation, lobbying, or rulemaking, involving an effort to reform a Federal or State welfare system), and if the positions of the parties before us here were reversed.
The case rulings would be reversed if they had acted without its proviso.

The CIO Council was established in 1996.
In March of 1996 the CIO Council was established.

Nathan Road goes all the way up to Boundary Street, which marks the boundary between Kowloon and the New Territories.
Boundary Street is a couple miles long and marks a boundary.

Everyone asks why does she stay in the abusive situation, Youngerman said. 
He is staying because he does not know how to escape.

'The two of you showed us the way.
You guys showed us the way across the river. 

and i i guess i see such a contrast like as opposed to the Middle East War we just had where President Bush went out and got worldwide support for for what was happening
This was doesn't have the same support.

She was reportedly offered a job producing a weeknight version of 60 Minutes , but there are no signs that she's interested.
Although she showed no interest in producing the show, deep down she was very excited. 

In the case of this president, it is.
It's the president's case to defend in front of the court.

Cheap consumer goods, crappy fast food, and bland mass entertainment!
There are no products, food, or entertainment to entice anyone to come.

Nevertheless, outraged viewers complained to the Christian television network that had been airing his show, causing its cancellation.
Viewers complained to the network, saying the show had been very crass.

Before GAO agrees to a broadcast interview, GAO will advise requester(s) of the media source and the expected date and time.
GAO advises the media sources to ensure the interview represents the organization in a positive light.

8.17 When auditors conclude, based on evidence obtained, that significant fraud, illegal acts, or other noncompliance either has occurred or is likely to have occurred, they should include in their audit report the relevant information.
Auditors collect information that will be included in the audit report, as is satisfactory to the auditing company.

But what is so desirable about the absence of bias--and of the informed speculation that might have led to that bias?
What is so desirable about being biased or not if the reasoning behind it is wrong?

From this perspective, the recently passed welfare reform could be a blessing to some kids.
If we get rid of welfare, our kids won't have to pay into it.

On the Utility of Ethnographic Research for the Policy Process.
Research for the policy 

Sheer cliffs up to 300 m (984 ft) high bound the caldera, and a number of whitewashed settlements nestle along their crests, looking from a distance like icing melting down the sides of a cake.
Villagers forage along the slopes of the caldera for wild berries.

In the Place Saint-Michel students buy textbooks and stationery, and linger around the ornate Second Empire fountain.
You can often find young lovers strolling through these picturesque streets.

After the first snowfall of winter, the fell tops turn white, complementing the walls of the rugged farmhouses and the gentle plumes of smoke that rise from log fires into the crisp cold air.
Log fires are the primary method of heating during the winter.

to uh neutralize the uh the acid from the uh oak leaves
I will spread some lime over to soil to neutralize the acid from the oak leaves.

Change is going to have to come from the demand side and is going to require a lot of leadership from very influential people.
The supply side has little reason to want change when what it's doing is working.

They appraised senior executives' contributions to organizational results by the core competencies and supporting behaviors senior executives followed or the targets they met.
They appraised senior executives' families

The book's cynicism is even more distressing, symptomatic as it is of a larger cynicism that seems to have gripped our public culture.
The book is popular amongst today's youth, given their cynicism.

On the other hand, the Board believes that certain stewardship information should receive more audit scrutiny than it would if it were RSI.
The board wants certain stewardship information to receive more audit scrutiny that it would if it were RSI because it can be easily manipulated. 

we went up and were going to spend on the Blanco River and we got there and a front come through and it was  it was freezing
A front came through at Blanco River, but we stayed anyways.

well that that's great you got a hold of a couple of vehicles uh really good vehicles
It's great that they don't charge huge tax rates.

While the leather is generally of good quality, some of the goods on offer in the popular tourist resorts suffer from poor stitching, so check the standard of craftsmanship carefully before buying.
Leather products bought from tourist resorts have the highest chance to be poorly crafted.

You can climb the column for magnificent views of the city and the Firth of Forth to the north.
The column is 20 feet tall and 10 feet wide.  

On the causeway leading off Old Church Lane is Prince Charlie's Cottage, where the Young Pretender stayed in 1745 while planning his strategy to defeat the English and retake the British throne.
There are many areas that also lead to the causeway.

If you want to see exactly what was gained or lost in translation (and if you remember enough of your freshman calculus to read the original), then .
Much differed from the original.

Pack my bag! 
You need to help me pack

There's something for all budgets in Egypt.
Higher budgets will get to see more exciting parts of Egypt.

I'll get a working Franklin Sim up and running in a couple of weeks, I promise.
I will create a Sim to make inventions in the game.

Castles such as Koules in Iraklion and Frangokastello allow imaginations to run wild Dad will believe he's Errol Flynn, and the children might choose to be Hercules or Xena.
There are over 50 local castles.

Criterion is less  what would be sufficient under present conditions and with existing and possible technologies?
The conditions may change in a way that allows the criterion to be met.

and we've picked them up before but that was kind of scaring them pretty bad right now
They were OK when the right people picked them up.  

The blackguard! I cried indignantly. 
I had spotted the blackguard out of the corner of my eye and felt the need to warn everyone around, shouting out "The Blackguard!".

okay well good talking to you good night
I'll talk to you again tomorrow.

Then there are the legitimate programs that have been infected with subprograms called viruses . Viruses are crafty things that are cleverly (if perversely) designed to replicate themselves whenever their host program is run.
Viruses can also be used to compromise the machine their host program is running on.

If there isn't another stall open, I understand.
If there isn't room for my horse at the stable, I understand.

Collections such as Asian art and Egyptian artifacts are on terraced balconies, allowing a full view of the roof from the ground floor.
Some collections are on the terrace which makes them easier to view.

too much credence given to incidents exposed elsewhere as hoaxes and illusions.
So much praise for a magic trick that could be easily explained.

Some arrangement in my head, I suppose.
I did not share my plan with others.

A labor productivity value of 110 means that 10 percent more work was accomplished for the level of labor expended than if a productivity value of 100 was achieved.
A labor productivity value of 110 means that 10% more work is done in a factory.

yeah pretty much um the problem is there never seems to be enough money uh i have three children and uh it seems like the more money you make the more money you have the more things that they seem to need and uh of course nothing ever goes down i mean uh i remember you know i have five children total i have three left in the house
Once they get out of the house, we'll have more discretionary income.

After three days of intensive training they completed the course with honors.
They completed the course with hours after three days of intensive training and studying.

and especially if you have a laser printer it's going to print out the same way as it's on the screen
The laser printer will have occasional errors, though. 

It reminded Julie of unpleasantly kinky bestiality, and after a few days and a few arguments, one evening after an exchange of angry looks, she left.
Julie was not happy about the bestiality and so she left.

and we still have that
I think we have it somewhere

get us going
Pump us up to finish strong with the competition.

That is, up to now. 
He was an addict until now. 

Lincoln and I sat down.
Lincoln and I had decided to rest. 

This guide is one of a series of GAO publications, listed in appendix I, that are intended to define actions federal officials can take to better manage their information resources.
GAO has a series of publications that work to define actions that can be taken to improve.

Some of these responsibilities 
There aren't a lot of responsibilities beyond these ones.

Mixing foundation money with their own to go beyond the standard curriculum, the schools are teaching the nuts and bolts of running a business, setting up client referral networks for fledgling practitioners and holding seminars to tackle the mundane cha llenges of going it alone that are often considered superfluous to the study of law.
It is not difficult to run a business, so there may not be much that schools can teach on this subject.

The agonized songs, heavy with the wail of Arabia, come from deep within the singer, while the dances are formal and sombre.
The songs originated in the southern regions.

The EPA's response to the comments received are summarized in the preamble to the final rule and a detailed presentation and evaluation of the comments received are contained in a separate Summary and Analysis of Comments.
Providing a separate summary and detailed presentation of the comments greatly increases understanding.

 A short drive or a hefty hike north of Ibiza Town is the village of J??sus, with a particularly moody 15th-century church.
The village of Jésus is three miles north of Ibiza town.

Within the week, said the horror.
The horror said he'd get more food within the week.

Therefore, it believes that its decision to accept either the historical cost or latest acquisition cost method is appropriate.
Its decision can still be either appropriate or not, no matter what it believes.

FEMA and VBA were selected because a literature review of relevant articles indicated that front-line employees from those agencies had been empowered or involved in key agency decisions or operations.
FEMA and VBA were picked because the literature review found front-line employees were involved in hiring decision making.

And the girl was very young nineteen, I believe.
She was a young nineteen, with a welcoming smile and friendly manner. 

LSC interpreted the statutory provision to allow indigent clients to challenge welfare agency determinations of benefit ineligibility under interpretations of existing law.
The clients are not usually allowed to change their welfare agencies.

Everbrite markets the classic rectangle only, while Fallon offers a vertical OPEN, as well as an Art Deco bullet shape.
Fallon also offers a star shape for their market. 

While self-regulatory approaches can and have worked in various situations, there are certain instances in which it is unrealistic for them to work as effectively as needed in order to adequately protect the public interest.
Self-regulatory approaches can and have worked during very difficult times.

Ad-git Prop
Props help with advertisement

But, except on election night, these were a relatively small part of their Web sites, let alone their overall news.
Election night changed things for the Web sites.

and what happened at the end is the judge um um uh Michael wanted wanted the firm put in receivership and the judge wouldn't do it but he said he he's going to give a like a ten day uh evaluation and he was going to put it in the hands of a businessman to to run it and see if the firm was salvageable or not
Michael wanted the firm to be held responsible for the $3million.

The images we see or hear described in the movie are vaguely countercultural (a Santa-with-an-erection cartoon), not sick ( Hustler 's real-life jokes about Betty Ford's mastectomy); they are soft-core (centerfold-style nudes), not hard-core (the pictorial of a woman gagged and bound on the top of a car).
Santa Claus is a popular story character in the United States.

Entering another person's memory with your words, perhaps a person quite different from yourself, is in certain ways more glorious than any prize or title.
Having to learn such ability can be timely and costly.

Food stamps are OK!
The food stamps are okay to have but could be better. 

Fine foods can make wonderful presents.
Poor food can never be a good present.

The crisp air blowing into the stable, carrying something beside the scents of the town, gave him a suggestion.
The stable smelled like the restaurants in town.

A small corner of the building is kept as a museum in her memory the exhibits include the lamp that gave her her nickname.
The rest of the building is set to be demolished. 

Segregation of Duties
The duties are separates into parts 

It was like staring into hell.
Hell wasn't quite what Jon was thinking of when encountering such a sight, but it was very, very similar.

At Porto Torres, visit the important 11th-century Pisan Romanesque church of San Gavino.
The 13th century church is made of elaborate stone and marble.

The unusual picks include Robert Smithson and Donald Judd.
There were more uncommon picks than typical choices.

Located on the northeast coast of Pulau Pinang (Betel Nut Island), Georgetown is the draw to Penang state, with rich colonial and historic roots amid the clutter of a market and commercial town.
Georgetown has 3 bakeries in the market.

A third set of rules, adopted as sections 69 through 69c of the rules of practice,9 applies to Postal Service requests for permanent mail classification changes that are minor in character. 
The Postal Service's requests for permanent mail classification changes in rural areas are governed by Section 69.

First, they established and used an evolutionary approach to develop products that made the capture of design and manufacturing knowledge a more manageable task.
To make the manufacturing research and development work easier to track and verify, they initiated an iterative work method that allowed them to record results and findings in a systemic way.

Your men were apparently off duty.
Apparently, during the time of the robbery, your men weren't on duty. 

Regular data collection is scheduled to begin July 1, 2001.
This decision to collect data regularly is one that many agree has been a long time coming.

The Academy's report also tells us that there are many unanswered questions about climate change, which makes it difficult to determine what levels of greenhouse gas emissions need to be avoided.
The Academy's report says we don't know everything about climate change so we don't know what numbers we should set as guidelines.

Each year the government spends billions of dollars on computer equipment, services, software, and telecommunications.
The government spends billions on computers because things change so quickly.

Because of this classification, NRCS staff, in cooperation with Agriculture's Office of Risk Assessment and Cost Benefit Analysis, prepared an environmental risk assessment for EQIP.
The other agencies felt that the assessment was necessary in the circumstances.

Today, not only do law school graduates forego the opportunities of a large salary, but they have these enormous tuition debt burdens.
Law school graduates are second to only medical students in terms of student debt levels.

um-hum oh yeah they love love chicken um-hum um-hum that's right  well Jeff it's been good talking to you
They prefer fried chicken over baked chicken.

Sir, excuse me, the terrified, quadrophonic voice of the secretary could be heard again.
The voices of the secretaries could be heard again.

The Federation reacted fast.
The Federation reacted within minutes.

Bags, purses, luggage, and belts can be found in abundance try Odes Skridlef (Leather Street) in Chania to begin comparing quality and prices.
The leather goods here are of extremely good quality.

For example, suppose that the U.S. stock market was to crash, threatening to undermine consumer confidence.
The stock market will crash next year. 

But they're specific because the words fit the shape of the tune, not because the tune is a translation of the words--the method Block appears to favor.
The Block method became popular after they started using it. 

It is not advisable to swim within 8 km (5 miles) of the city center because of pollution.
The city center is polluted due to traffic.

His intentions are  Corporations shouldn't discriminate in hiring, HMOs shouldn't deny care to patients who need it.
His intentions concern equality in the hiring processes, said the news.

yeah but i i guess this what'n really an impulse i mean buying it right then and you know right quickly was kind of impulsive but i'd been thinking about buying a new car for three years and i was just scared to
It was impulsive but it was on sale. 

exactly next big issue up yeah yeah because i think uh  young and old alike uh would would more or less agree on this issue
This issue is about environmental issues.

He had qualified as a doctor but early relinquished the profession of medicine, and lived at home while pursuing literary ambitions; though his verses never had any marked success. 
He would write into the late hours of the night.

Having dispatched this, and Tommy not having yet returned which did not surprise her she started off on a shopping expedition which, with an interval for tea and assorted creamy cakes, occupied her until well after six o'clock, and she returned to the hotel jaded, but satisfied with her purchases.
Creamy cakes were her favorite type of food.

yeah yeah i always thought it was back when Anderson was running i was hoping that things would change and he'd actually get elected and party politics would start going down the tubes but  that didn't work
Anderson gave a lot of people hope.

Although the Taliban operates autonomously, its advance would not have been possible without foreign backing.
Foreign support for the Taliban came mostly from the US and the UK.

The existing emission rate limitations for individual boilers, which are based on boiler type, are not changed.
New boilers have limits of 330 ppu.

Siena, its proud historic rival, dominates the Tuscan hill towns to the south, while the university town of Perugia and the Assisi of St. Francis are the keys to Umbria's luminous beauty.
Umbria has the country's oldest university.

reviews performed and acting to address any identified gaps in
Every review gives some kind of improvement.

so are you gonna do that
Are you wiling to do it?

The country's first 20 years were consumed with the struggle to house, feed, and educate the new arrivals, despite austere economic conditions and the constant threat of military attack from neighboring countries.
The country endured threats of military attack because it accepted foreigners.

Board of Education , Johnson seems to agree that it was an unprincipled decision that turned out to be a prelude to a major step backward in American race relations.
Johnson says American relations between whites and blacks has never been worse.

What do you expect, then?
Do you think your expectation is realistic?

so uh i mean when you when you take uh uh professionals and put them in situations they have to make decisions based on money to fund public education and they can't get their finger out of their ear long enough to to get that major subject in line something's wrong so i think here in Texas mainly that the the they're not serious they're more serious about what the salary should be for senators than they are for what how the level of education should be for children i have a one year old so i'm not i'm more opinionated about the observations than than the than the true facts but
It's craven and shortsighted to put lawmakers' salaries above caring for kids' education.

The effective use of technology to assist clients and improve legal skills does not just happen, it has to be planned.
 The effective use of technology to assist McDonald's is very tasty.

There are people that just want to get this president (Sen.
Other people want another one to be president.

He walked back to a small corner of the smithy where filthy rags made a floor bed.
The oil covered rags were arranged to make a bed.

Now make for Guadalest (some 10 km/6miles to the east), the Costa Blanca's famed eagle's nest fortress, built by the Moors 1,200 years ago.
The fortress has been used to fight off at least seven invasions since it was built.

i'm sure you have a representative somewhere in the area just nothing more than a business representative or government services representative
You are lying about not having a representative in the area. 

A great king of this line, Amsuvarna (609-621), married his daughter Bhrikuti to the ruler of Tibet, Srongtsen Gampo.
Bhrikuti was noted as a great beauty and died at the age of 47.

You probably won't live the day out."
Someone is going to murder you.

oh they love to dig i had i had some uh i don't know what kind they are i've already forgotten just regular old flower seeds
They would rather dig for hours than any other activity.

The street also goes wild each Halloween as the lively residents parade around in crazy costumes.
Halloween is always a big party for the residents who live in Miami.

'It's like a giant sauna.
Sauna's are relaxing.

i mean obviously it's gotten a lot worse but you know just like you say you go through there and you watch all these trucks and they're just coughing out all kinds of stuff some of them spitting it out so thick you can't even see past it
They are making up all kinds of stuff.

Nothing? said Tuppence blankly.
Tuppence wash shocked that they couldn't come up with anything to do.

At L'Isle-sur-Serein, the river divides to encircle the tranquil little town and the ruins of its 15th-century chateau.
The river meets back up after separating around the town.

The staff is safety-conscious, so parents can relax at the park's pools and cafe.
The staff are trained in performing first aid on children.

The nonpersonnel figure includes $82,782,000 for bed space and related alien custody requirements (3,600 beds at $63 per bed).
Alien custody requirements are so high because many aliens breathe exotic atmospheres.

Ca'daan did not know the world.
Ca'daan didn't know where he lived.

The sixth-century Basilica of St. John, on Ayasuluk Hill, marks the site of the Apostle's tomb.
The Apostle's tomb is heavily guarded from grave robbers.

He actually does so.
He does many things like playing guitar.

had had a real raspy voice
It had been that way ever since she came down with  cold.

As you turn to head up into the valley, look for a house on the left surrounded by shady trees.
The house up on the left in the valley is where the priest lives.  

yeah it's incredible that uh that they have to do that i mean some of the the schools give you a break they give the students a break where they can take their exams when they get back from from a tournament
IT's incredible that they don't give breaks for athletes, in my school they did.

Unified acclaim for a New York Times reporter's biography of mathematician John F. Nash Jr., who went mad.
The New York Times reporter wrote the biography on Nash Jr. because it was believed that the story would be of interest to its viewers.

The sky had cleared and the blood moon hung overhead.
There were no clouds in the sky.

Julius tapped his revolver.
Julius gestured to his gun.

One screen has been developed for emergency department use, the Rapid Alcohol Assessment Screen (RAPS4).
The screen is sometimes used by other departments.

LSC and LSNJ have both moved to dismiss the case.
Both firms lawyers unanimously agreed to dismiss the case.

In other words, you can get it free.
It was once very expensive.

Those who are not busy manicuring the residential lawns are often to be found working in the lovely Beverly Garden Park, which borders Santa Monica Boulevard for 2 miles (3 km) from Doheny to Wilshire.
Bordering Santa Monica Boulevard greatly helps tourism. 

yeah i i know what you mean because uh because you got to have like little oil heaters where they plug in the uh plug in uh your car
You have to have oil heaters for your car because it gets so cold.

Sounds like a premise for a sitcom.
You have all the drama, the comedy. That's a winning script you have there!

i know when i sit down with the family and want to have the opportunity you know to talk
I prefer to talk with the family on a Monday.

and it seems to be a disproportionate number of blacks you know that get into the system
The reason for a disproportionate number of blacks is that they tend to live in those areas for generations.

It is expected that the existing fine particle and ozone standards now in place will also result in further regulation of power generators.
Regulation of power generators will lead to a safer ozone and environment.

169 Probably, at this minute, too, he hears the sounds below of Mr. Wells and John leaving the boudoir. 
He is listening for sounds of anyone leaving the boudoir.

But the true mandrake--like that one--never was human.
But the real mandrake was a heavenly spirit.

directs the Board to prescribe regulations with respect to the amount of credit that may be extended by a broker-dealer on any non-exempted security.
The board usually sets very generous credit limits.

uh the cash budget just fits right in there  like i said if we don't have we also set aside money for entertainment i mean it's but again it's a set amount every month
We make sure we have money for everything, including personal wants. 

The receiving entity recognizes the transfer-in as an other financing source
More than two thousand dollars of financing was received this way last year.

or you can force them to do it if you know
You can force them if you know you need to because they are too weak to stay at home.

The woman snarled and threw.
The woman threw a sword. 

Without such information, the payroll system may mistakenly pay the member for unauthorized pay and allowances.
Unauthorized pay may be kept by the recipient if the payroll system does not catch the error in less than 24 hours.

Following the receipt and evaluation of the comments, the FDA has revised certain burden estimates and has deleted the requirement for the submission of labeling to the FDA and the establishment of educational programs.
Removing the establishment of educational programs as a requirement is going to be detrimental to consumers. 

One  A paranoid schizophrenic who had been briefly hospitalized at least 15 times killed a 25-year-old woman.
A paranoid schizophrenic didn't realize he killed a 25-year-old woman.

The black-and-gold horse was beautiful and plainly of good breeding.
The horse was unlike any others seen before.

so they're paying the phone bill yeah there must be Texas people as near as i can tell no okay i'm from the other coast all right bye bye
I am originally from the east coast.

I don't want   Then, in a flash, a rim of cold steel touched her temple, and Mrs. Vandemeyer's voice rose cold and menacing: "You damned little fool! 
Mrs. Vandemeyer was holding a 9mm pistol. 

oh okay you just you just managed to escape the real Texan accent i thought maybe you had come from somewhere else and had some experience with taxes there
I thought you said you came from a place with taxes.

Exhibit 12 presents the mean estimate of avoided health effects in 2010 and 2020 for each health endpoint included in the Base analysis.
It is estimated that $120 million dollars in health effects were avoided in 2010, and we expect to see a much greater number in 2020.

Section 607 permits agencies, in complying with sections 603 and 604, to provide either a quantifiable or numerical description of the effects of a rule or more general descriptive statements if quantification is not practicable or reliable.
Rules that will be enacted must have valid numerical descriptions to be considered.

Apart from the music played in the big cities and the sophisticated music of the Brahmanic tradition, you can listen to the folk music of Rajasthan, rousing or plaintive, in the desert around Jaisalmer.
Jaisalmer is completely surrounded by a large desert.

But the transition to that situation would be painful.
The transition may be painful depending on the situation.

Alexander can and will mold himself into anything.
Alexander can and will transform himself to anything he needs to.

But the Smithsonian calls Kennewick Man a national treasure, and anthropologists want to conduct DNA tests, which might offer clues to his origin.
Others outside of the Smithsonian refer to Kennewick Man as a national treasure.

It may be that this time he will not be the lucky one.
He doesn't have the luck on his side, he won't win the competition this time around, I assume.

coverage,
The insurance coverage 

The message confused some of Red Eye's subscribers, and Red Herring rapidly began a damage control campaign.
Red Eye lost some customers due to the confusing message.

yeah i think so i think because people sort of get through you know um i think that people sort of learn the importance of sort of physical fitness as well as the as well as you know some mental fitness and i think that people sort of learn good sportsmanship and so forth
People can learn some mental fitness by learning yoga.

the roster of performers reads like a who's who of political correctness.
There are twenty performers on the bill.

things are going to come to a point it's going to probably get to such an extent where the average American citizen if they see a crime go down or a crime is happening against them they're not going to worry about trying to get a policeman they're not going to worry about it because they're going to be packing their own heat and they're going to take care of business themselves
Guns will be everywhere.

Good economic news, as the man once said, always comes bundled with bad.
Good economic news always comes with bad insurance news.

yeah same with drunk drivers
Same thing happens with drunk drivers on a scooter.

And while it would be a mistake to say that the stock could have opened at that highest price, it's safe to say that if Robertson Stephens had done a better job of gauging demand, millions of dollars that went into traders' pockets would have gone into Pixar's vaults instead.
Many people lost their jobs due to Robertson Stephens failure to properly calculate demand. 

Moreover, LSC wanted to encourage all programs to pursue some semblance of planning.
LSC was upset that the programs didn't all have good plans.

Fear we shall be too late anyway.
Feeling uneasy because we will be two hours late. 

The presence of alcohol may not always indicate an alcohol problem.
If there's alcohol, it doesn't mean it indicates an alcohol problem, according to my doctor.

The curators of the Jewish Museum show, in a volley of questions, invite such a 
The Jewish Museum show curators were happy to contend with the volley of questions.

of the case study method in GAO, so much so that it may be seen as a usual GAO review rather than recognized as what it can be-a case study (U.S.
It is very similar to the usual GAO reviews.

all righty so uh do you think Russia's still a threat
So do you think that Russia could attack?

yeah that'd be sort of neat yeah well i like the idea of uh being uh a mandatory thing for welfare course that's what um that's sort of like what Truman had or or was it Roosevelt i can't remember um with the big
I think everyone applying for welfare should have to provide that proof.

'Stop at the border,' it was my turn to speak up.
It was my turn to say something after Walter was finished.

'And for the record,' Lincoln added, 'the next stop is the border, where I predict roughly five hundred Corporate sponsored soldiers will be waiting to drag your ass in.
They will go to the border and try to get to Mexico.

Although we never set up a GAO-wide program to capture and use frequent flyer miles, several of our field offices tried to establish such programs.
Our field offices are located in all 50 states.

A T and A record containing all required data elements can be (1) a manually completed hard copy document, (2) an automated file retained electronically, or (3) a combination of automated and manual records.
You can combine automated and manual data.

What is it? I asked. 
I was puzzled and intrigued. 

Capital transferred to Byzantium (Constantinople).
The original capital fell into enemy hands, forcing it to be relocated to Constantinople.

In an era of seemingly perpetual ethnic hostilities, Malaysia can be proud of a unique achievement the coexistence of the three most prominent peoples of  Malays (mostly Muslim), Chinese (mostly Buddhist), and Indians (many Hindu).
The different races are tolerant, but not entirely amicable. 

Collective bargaining will win doctors higher pay, resulting in higher costs for patients.
Collective bargaining will win doctors higher pay that they will use for airplanes.

Now a major high-speed train (TGV) hub ' the Euroser from London calls here too ' it is attracting more tourist attention.
The high-speed train stops here twice a day.

I reckon that we shan't really need to fire a torpedo.
I guess the war is over now.

It impressed Jon greatly.
Jon was impressed, but only for a moment.

Anyone who pays the least attention could make a long list of their preferred examples.
This is the correct approach.

okay so uh do you own a PC
I need some advice on what to do with my PC.

do programs and tell them that we need your help and you know uh uh volunteer for such and such a time and you you have a choice of where you wanna go and and and that way handling it that way they could probably get some results out of it
You could get a lot of people to participate if you created a formal program.

the tax basis is actually uh less than the full price of the house
The tax bases is only fifty percent of the price of the house.

The Norman invaders brought with them armor, the use of horses in battle, and the feudal system.
The invaders had armor with them to protect themselves from the swords.

intervention becomes an integral part of the emergency triage and treatment system, it will be an appendage that will be inconsistently applied or tried and discarded.
Intervention works 70% of the time.

Since then, this individual's responsibilities for information security policy development and awareness, which had previously been handled on a part-time basis, have evolved into a full-time awareness manager position in the organization's central security group.
The person agreed to work on security policy for $100,000 a year.

A corporate villain who directs another character to wake up and smell the thorns.
The other character is reluctant to smell the thorns but has to do it.

She's some pace-maker, I can tell you, said Julius complacently.
Julius is not the type of person who sets the pace.

yeah i'm not sure that we're not seeing some of the effects of that already
The effects are disastrous for the tortoise population.

At the time I agreed, but now he goes around saying he learned more from us than we did from him, and I still haven't seen a dime from Angela's Ashes .
I wouldn't mind so much if I was paid the money I was owed, but I haven't been paid.

Finally, this month's tabs seem to give an implicit warning that too close contact with a celebrity can have unintended consequences for the not famous.
This month's tabs were criticized by a number of celebrities.

It had been found in Mrs. Inglethorp's cheque book, and on being reversed at a mirror, showed clearly the words: " ¦ erything of which I die possessed I leave to my beloved husband Alfred Ing  ¦ " This placed beyond question the fact that the destroyed will had been in favour of the deceased lady's husband. 
Mrs.Inglethorp knew that it was in her cheque book. 

The noble shook his head.
The man was shaking his head in disagreement. 

But its costs are visible and awful (denial of and delays in care).
The denials and delays in care are in reference to the elderly.

Administration officials confirmed that Clinton was deliberately 1) rolling out the carpet to enhance Arafat's prestige and 2) sending Israel a warning not to screw up the peace process by provoking further conflict.
Administration officials said Clinton was sending a warning to Israel to leave Hamas alone.

when people were drafted and they refused to serve in the Army they were allowed to do hospital service or uh things like that and if they refuse or farm work in World War One i remember
I remember my grandfather was drafted but he chose to do hospital work instead.

but i uh sounds like you like one thing that i like like swimming you like that a lot
swimming is the only thing we both like

A thought-projector!"
Amazing, the device is a thought projector.

oh well we all indulge right
We all indulge daily.

John Ruskin, whose house sits on the eastern shore of Coniston Water, chose to be buried here, in the graveyard of the parish church, rather than in Westminster Abbey in London.
He chose to be buried there.

and uh oh that thing eat gasoline  uh we could suck up thirty gallons in an afternoon of skiing
Be sure to bring a couple extra tanks of gas for that baby.

A whole gear train was out of place!
An entire gear train was misaligned!

And I ”I, too, have an instinct. 
I have instinct as much as anyone here.

we went in but what did we do we lost lives and and what were we trying to do who knows
We do not know what we were trying to do.

well it was nice talking to you i think i'm going to have to catch my daughter before she eats any more candy when i'm on the phone that's her sign that she can do what she wants to do
It was nice talking to you but I have to go stop my daughter from eating chocolate.

Ataterk was the founder of modern Turkey, which is no mean accomplishment (what have you done with your life?)
Ataterk was the first leader of Turkey.

'We do the work in the fields because we don't have a lot of education, and in this country you need to have an education to have a good job.
We wish we had a higher level of educational attainment.

not many people know about Miami
Not a lot of people have been to Miami.

I know you think he's filin' his teeth for you, but I'd say he was too busy countin' stars from that skull beltin' to make sense out of our hurrawin'.
Contrary to what he thinks, he does not care.

And even though the payback increases the more you bet on a single pull, the computer will decrease your odds of winning.
Even though the payback increases when you bet more, the computer makes sure that your odds never go up more than the house can lose.

Rock goes beyond Eddie [Murphy], beyond liberal guilt.
Going beyond both Eddie Murphy and liberal guilt, Rock discusses the media as a whole.

Inspired by the Circus Maximus in Rome, it was built in a.d. 203 as a stadium for chariot-racing and other public events.
There were also dramatic events held here.  

And no surprise, the bugger was already inside.
The bugger would would come out soon.

Macau's own cuisine is a combination of Chinese flavors with the flavors imported from Portugal, Brazil, and Africa.
You'll find plenty of herbs and spices in Macau's cuisine.

Tadau Keamatan (Sabah Rice Harvest Festival) is celebrated by the Kadazan of Sabah with lots of rice wine and buffalo races.
Buffalo races and wine wine can only be found at the Sabah Rice Harvest Festival.

that i just kind of get lost in it
Virtual reality is quite addictive, you'll get sucked in too.

yeah is it very windy up there now
It is 3:00 PM.

Take the M55, which will lead you to the outskirts of Blackpool, then follow signs for town center.
There are lots of sights to see in Blackpool's town center.

okay yeah me too you well you too bye
It was nice to talk to you.

They are small, yes, but that is only important because it is a reflection of the fact that their native worlds are small.
If they were bigger, there would be too many of them for their world.

but in the mean time you used used them you've got your money tide up in a low relatively low interest uh bearing investment i mean it's not making ten fifteen percent like a business is today
You should try to buy a share in a business or even start your own.

A package might include accelerated salary schedules or stock options.
Stock options are often worth more than regular salary.

While I believe that it is not always desirable to have the government intervene, at times it is necessary in order to protect the public interest, especially when others who could act fail to do so.
Public interest is my biggest concern.

Food irradiators do produce radioactive waste that must be stored under nuclear regulatory guidelines, but the current regulations governing hospitals and sterilization companies seem to work, and the amount of radwaste generated is far too small to cause Three Mile Island-like effects.
Radioactive waste is highly dangerous.

and uh i'm a i'm a home brewer myself so i just am envious of these people and you go there  and a couple you have gone to you can order like a sampler
I am jealous of these people because I don't have the opportunities that they do. 

A gallery in Geneva or Berlin can now sell artwork to someone who never leaves Iowa City.
there are also galleries in different locations around the world.

Six laboratories participated in each study.
The six laboratories were selected at random. 

For a moment I just stared at the thing, then a fresh burst of ringing convinced me to pick up.
There was a man on the other side of the ringing phone. 

I remembered how fast she was.
I knew she was the fastest runner.

Formal screening protocols are needed because clinical judgment is unreliable and subject to bias.
Clinical judgement has only a fifty percent accuracy rate.

Inattention in such important matters cannot be too highly censured.
Attention to detail is not only good for business, it's good for our customer's health.

 "I saw him when you rode into town.
He was wearing a red shirt and had a hat.

Choose from the inexpensive trendy cafeteria, the charming Art Deco dining room (more extensive and expensive menu), or the front terrace.
The Art Deco room is more expensive than the cafeteria, but not by much.

well  i don't i haven't done any painting since i was a child and my father would be painting and i'd ask him if i could  you know take a turn or something but uh when we bought our home it was recently
I was 10 years old the last time I painted. 

oh that's incredible
wow, that's fantastic

Because I happened to meet him this morning.
I met him at ten o'clock. 

The oldest cannon is the Seri Rambai; originally given to the Sultan of Jahor by the Dutch, it was transported to Penang in the 17th century aboard a British steamer of the same name.
A British steamer of the name Penang was a novelty in these times.

Huang's installation for the Boss prize, the largest work in the show, is called The Saint Learns From the Spider to Weave a Cobweb . It's a lattice of copper pipes from which hang a chair and a dozen mesh cages.
They warned people to watch out for the sharp metal objects.

Unspecified policy actions-spending increases and/or tax cuts-are taken that eliminate the non-Social Security surpluses through 2010.
There is a non-Social Security surplus of $2billion.

If Household Wealth Has Increased, Does It Matter if the Personal Saving Rate Has Declined?
If personal savings have increased, does it matter if we're not earning as much as we used to?

FASAB was created to consider and recommend accounting standards and principles.
In order to consider and recommend accounting standards and principles. they have created FASAB, praised by the public.

But others praise it as a minor-league farm team for potential NATO members, and celebrate its civilizing influence (some PFP members have settled long-standing border disputes).
The relatively new program has had its share of trouble, but it seems to have finally been accepted as mainstream.

The Church of Saint Barbara is also worth visiting; it is typical Coptic in style.
It hasn't always been in a Coptic style, it was once styled in a typical Scandinavian sense.

The Loire Valley is impressive for more than its countless chateaux.
In addition to its chateaux, the Loire Valley is also famous for its vineyards.

Please tell Jeffrey Goldberg (News You Can't Use) to log off.
Please tell Jeffrey Goldberg to log off because someone else will log in. 

She grimaced as the chain went taut.
The chain around her neck got pulled tight.

Jon stared at the head, the scout's tongue lolling out on one side, split like a snake.
Jon stepped closer to get a better look.

Hey, here comes somebody poundin' leather so hard he's gonna beat it right intuh th' ground!"Fenner pulled up Tar, flung up his hand to signal the wagons to a halt.
The wagons came to a halt slowly after Fenner's signal.

He took Ca'daan to an outdoor ship that sold sticks of shriveled birds and wood cups of murky water.
He took Ca'daan to a ship to buy some water.

Likewise, it comes as no surprise that as a result of the increasing complexity and breadth of issues facing the Congress, the legislature is availing itself of GAO's services and support on an unprecedented and accelerating basis.
Some are indeed surprised that the legislature is availing itself.

There, unattended under banks of lights, stood half-finished aircraft shapes.
The aircrafts were huge and looked old.

But some hosses what git brung in here they's white-eyed an' randy, does you give 'em a straight stare.
Some of the people that are brought here are excited.

Clinton, continues Gigot, has come to regard himself as a latter-day Jean Valjean, a decent man hounded by inexplicably cruel enemies.
Gigot has a habit for likening political figures to literary characters.

In contrast, citizens, companies, and governments in an open economy such as the United States can finance the gap between domestic investment and national saving with foreign investment in the United States.
Governments in an open economy can finance national saving in order to keep the economy growing.

 "There was one,"Bartolomé interrupted.
The one, the only, the chosen puppy.

well they're releasing them uh early here
They get released early here and it is good for them.

Ultimately they die (not of  of that they're merely carriers).
Carriers are not effected by it.

Knowing I couldn't afford another such mistake, I started slowly and subtly unplugging myself from the machines; gently pulling electrodes off my head.
I couldn't afford to mess up my health with the machines.

well some people just are incorrigible and there's no way that they can ever deal with society and abide by rules so in in a case like that uh given what crime they're guilty of uh yeah i could i could justify a death penalty for somebody who just has no chance of ever reforming or coming to grips with uh living in normal society
I could go for the death penalty if the person would never reform and they had hurt a child.

His wife greeted him cheerfully, but noticed that something was amiss.
His wife had been cheating on him and her cheerful kiss was fake. 

Today it's just the summer heat that drives the Romans out on day-trips to the vineyards of the Alban hills and lakes.
The Alban hills and lakes have wonderful vineyards that the Romans visit in the summer months.

we we didn't damage enough of their arsenal we damaged most of it but we we should have gotten made sure we got everything
After the attack, we realized there was little damage done to their weapons.

yeah well do you think that's do you think that's right do you think we should direct the government
Where does the government get its direction from?

At street level, bus-stop shelters have an excellent detailed map of the neighborhood.
The map of the neighborhood can be seen at the bus-stop shelter.

oh golly yeah because i i can't remember where i've seen clips of that but they were showing highlights of it and stuff and i was thinking who'd think this is really up my alley for half an hour you know if i'm going to spend my time but it was
I think I saw some clips

I politely declined.
I declined the chance to be first baseman. 

First, there's no question that seeking psychological help needs to be destigmatized.
Because psychological help is stigmatized, Trump was elected president.

All ideological differences between Democrats and Republicans.
The difference in ideology between Republicans and Democrats is extensive, long, and far-reaching.

, the government--borrowing a lot of money).
The government borrows too much money.

well yeah yeah it's the that that particular one was a two day trip so what uh uh there's uh there's a outfitter and uh they haul you up to the headwaters come down about halfway and then you get to you spend the night and then uh the second day head on down to the to the pool at the end of the river
The outfitter will sell you any supplies you need.

Anse came from the bathhouse and sat down in the opposite chair.
Anse sat down in a wooden chair. 

A small fifth-century Byzantine church hides behind the columns at the far end.
Part of the Byzantine church has been destroyed.

Perhaps he has an ideological ax to grind--after all, a few months back he proclaimed Marx the thinker of the future.
Perhaps he has an ax to grind since a few months ago he claimed that Marx was the thinker of the future and the most handsome philosopher. 

GENERAL PURPOSE FINANCIAL REPORTS -Reports intended to meet the common needs of diverse users who typically do not have the ability to specify the basis, form, and content of the reports they receive.
General Purpose Financial Reports can make it easier for disabled workers to understand the contents of the reports they receive. 

Said the army patrol went out after him."
According to the deserter the army patrol pursued him.

and not anyway well  i guess i better let you go
I guess I better let you go to the airport

maybe maybe being a tenured professor would be one thing but being a public school teacher is entirely another thing
Public school teachers make more money than tenure professors.

Other  1) Nebbishes are necessarily schlumpy, never handsome or physically robust.
Nebbishes are very ugly.

Accompanying the discussion of each practice is a case illustration involving a federal agency that has made progress in incorporating the practice into its operations.
Many federal agencies have made progress incorporating the practice into its operations. 

and i'm of Spanish descent so
I am 3rd generation Spanish.

and we really have a great time with it i'm sure that's the way that you felt with your boys
We love to play with our family.

Accustomed to exporting, though, most companies will send large items to Europe and North America for you.
Most companies will export large items to industrialized nations.

In the summer and early autumn you will be spoiled with an enormous array of fruit.
The fruit during these months are the sweetest and freshest. 

Visitors should be sure to stop at the huge bronze incense burner in front of the hall, to bathe in the smoke an observance believed to bestow a year's worth of good health.
It will bestow a year's worth of good health.

The beaches of Samos provide some of the best conditions for windsurfing in the Aegean, particularly on the western coast.
In addition to windsurfing, the beaches of Samos are great for boating, fishing, and swimming.

The rooms are locked? asked Poirot. 
Poirot asked if the rooms are locked because he was doubtful

 The Cairo Opera House opened in 1988, a gift from the Japanese government.
The Japanese government gifted the opera house as a thank-you.

yeah that serves a kind of if they're i guess uh if you sentence someone to life life is only forty nine years something like that
I think life sentences are unfair because some people's live re shorter than others.

By the knot I tie in your true hair and by your secret name, this I command."  She blinked slowly and looked around as Bork burned the knotted hair.
She seemed to be in a daze as Bork burned the hair.

Both sides trapped in a narrow space on a fast moving train, with no choice but to fight.
They had to fight or they couldn't get out of the space.

$15,000 to hire a consultant to provide a complete, detailed study of establishing the most cost effective link between county facilities and municipal police departments and to establish JNET, an information management system funded by the state of PA and operated by the Pennsylvania Justice Network.
JNET meets a need that police departments have been requesting for a while.

and just barely it amounts to running out the back door and uh heading for the pool jumping in swimming some sprints or something like that and then running back again
I like the variety between swimming and running. 

They then essentially starved the cells so that they shut down normal metabolic function, entering a quiescent state, in which dedifferentiation apparently occurs.
The cells had been cultured in a lab.

Do you have anything to say?"
Are you guilty, so you can't defend yourself?

He and his followers conducted a successful series of bloody raids on Spanish settlements in the Caribbean, culminating in the sacking of Panama, the major city of the Spanish Main.
The Spanish settlements in the Caribbean were poorly defended and were easy prey for pirates.

yeah sounds like we pretty much agree
I guess we share the same ideals with them.

He had to be escorted off.
He had to be escorted off because he was causing such a problem. 

It provides visitors with the perfect frame for a first view of the ensemble.
It provides the best staging point to observe the ensemble.

She'll know that's you, said Tommy with a sigh of relief.
Tommy sighed, relieved at what he had heard.

Equally, islands such as Lesvos or Chios have few nightclubs.
Lesvos has better nightclubs than Chios.  

Jesus was put on trial quickly and condemned to crucifixion, a Roman form of execution for political and religious dissidents as well as for common criminals.
This Roman form of execution was designed to be publicly humiliating.

All along the northern coast here you will see remains of the old railway line, which once linked the plantations to the port but now mostly provides a place for children to play or animals to graze.
Here you can see remains of an old railways, that people are working diligently to restore. 

In addition to show?­ing 360-degree interior and exterior panoramas and images of many of the art treasures, it gives practical advice on how to organize your day or weekend visit.
The Museum of Modern Art is one of the most visited art galleries for day or weekend trips.

Exactly. Au revoir! Whittington looked almost genial again, a reversion that aroused in Tuppence a faint misgiving.
Tuppence thought she had made a mistake, and unwittingly gave Whittington the edge.

Rooms are luxurious, and the hotel pub especially atmospheric.
The rooms have personality and look great.

My morning latte just isn't right without it.
I eat a crumpet with every cup of coffee.

The island has a checkered past of smuggling and pira cy.
Pirates have frequented the waters around the island as recently as 5 years ago.

whether it's the way they were written or whether it was the material they were written you know that was written about and um so i started reading i had this like you know i had a binge of my mother uh i was living in Bermuda at the time with my husband but my uh mother sent me you know like booklet you know uh boxes full of different books
I lived in Bermuda and my mom sent me 27 books.

The Kal crawled to the edge and peered down.
The Kal peered down after crawling to the edge of the cliff.

However, many of the agency officials and staff questioned the need for standardization.
Agency officials especially felt that standardization would give them less flexibility when doing their jobs.

42 Acquiring stocks or other nonfederal financial assets would have approximately the same effect on national saving as using the same amount of money to reduce debt held by the public.
National saving is better facilitated through a multitude of options. 

AGA serves the professional interests of financial managers from local, state, and federal governments as well as public accounting firms.
The AGA serves the professional interests of these groups by providing them with free ice cream cake. 

you know if you think you think about all the kids in the ghetto my mom would probably kill us but
If you don't think about the kids in the ghetto my mother would be proud.

and i don't think it's that different from what the Baltic States are are going through
The Baltic States are having problems with Russia.

You must see them, of course. 
You must see them with your own eyes.

At last he said: "Just so, just so.
We were waiting for him to approve.

By asking strategic and operational questions at the beginning of the planning and evaluation period, senior managers gain a better understanding of the potential benefits and value of IT.
Asking questions from the beginnings gives senior managers more time to acquaint themselves with the goals the IT is supposed to accomplish.

And they also doubted that the political establishment--which helped pass new taxes to build two new pro stadiums in Seattle for multimillionaire owners--would ever ease the irksome car tax.
Millions will be invested into easing the current problematic car tax.

With this latter idea in my mind, I examined all the coffeecups most carefully, remembering that it was Mrs. Cavendish who had brought Mademoiselle Cynthia her coffee the night before. 
I found some finger-prints on the coffee-cups that were of interest.

thing that happens and it's like a spirit of witchcraft it's like a a bad spirit goes over that nation because you have these people that want they're power hungry
Power-hungry people are bad news for the county's economy.

I am here, my friend. He had stepped outside the French window, and was standing, apparently lost in admiration, before the various shaped flower beds. 
I also greatly admired the beauty of the flower beds.

LSC statistics for CY 2002 will reflect the input of all these performance measures.
LSC statistics for CY 2002 will reflect the input of all these eggs.

The increase in one asset is offset by an equal decrease in another asset.
Two or more asset values could go down at a cumulative value to offset the increase of only one asset. 

They couldn't eat our food or we theirs."
We couldn't survive with each other because of food.

I want to see you, Rennie! The officer stamped forward a step or so, to stand in the full light of the first lantern.
The officer wanted to see Rennie because he was in trouble.

Fringe films in English are screened at the Cinematheque at the Philip Murray Centre, Ha'Temarim Boulevard, and there is a Creat ive Arts Centre (opposite the port) where occasional musical events are staged.
Films for all ages are routinely screened at the Cinematheque at the Philip Murray Centre.

experience that will help them in whatever areas they go into, but will also help them understand and have the ideals of providing legal services to every citizen of the state.
It will help them provide legal services to people in the inner city.

Proserous Netanya has a large expatriate English community, excellent beaches, a fine park, and low cliffs which form an attractive backdrop and keep the hotels from encroaching onto the sand.
There are more than six beaches around Proserous Netanya. 

There are hundreds of old donkey trails to explore on Tinos.
The donkey trails are long and leasurly. 

But thanking you very much, and all that, I think I'd better say no.
I hate disappointing you, but I have to say no.

As long as Brave New World is shown on television we will know we are not in it.
Brave New World has been on TV for decades now.

Change the chin, lengthen my nose, make the eyes brown instead of blue, and it might be me.
I look fairly different from the description. 

Everyone now agrees with Martin Luther King Jr. that people should be judged by the content of their character, not by the color of their skin.
Everyone has listened to Martin Luther King Jr's famous speeches.

The 2000 MWe FGD systems at the Taean facility in South Korea were fabricated off-site in three modules, shipped by barge, and then assembled on-site.
The barge was painted bright blue with an orange stripe.

Why do you know so positively?
Why do you know and are unwillingly tobe wrong?

universal service obligation in France, is primarily defined by history and tradition.
Universal service obligation in France tends to be a bit of a boring thing

These regulations include both federal and State requirements that address a variety of emissions including SO2, NOx, CO, PM10, and a number of hazardous air pollutants.
The regulations are designed to reduce emissions of toxic chemicals.

just hasn't used PCs that much so i ended up taking on the load of making sure everybody knows what they're doing and i'm the administrator for our local area network and i need to keep that going and
I was assigned this role after the old PC guy ended up dying.

As they set camp, Ca'daan saw his chance to talk to the Kal alone.
Ca'daan had something very important to say to Kai.

that was a big savings well that's great well have you been in it long
I wished I could save that much.

(You hear the distant pop-pop-pop-pop-pop of the hero's gun.)
You hear the distant pop-pop-pop because the hero is killing bad guys.

Tuppence bent over her.
Tuppence leaned over her, then fell on top of her. 

Haven't I always told you the man is a villain? 
I've always suspected that the man was a villain.

When ah! I heard that, I arranged for her to be removed to the house of a doctor a friend of mine, and wired at once for you.
She was in a much better place when she was removed.  

Again, it is well worth doing your homework and shopping around a bit before deciding on which carpet to buy.
Buying a carpet is not an easy task.

i mean but you know there's there's the difference because uh they say you know i guess they say tobacco is addictive i guess they say alcohol is addictive as well
They are only focusing on tobacco's negative health effects.

what what do you use to to download into the system can you put hook up a a floppy to it
The floppy disk drive uses high density diskettes.

However, members from one organization did not typically use e-mail because of the lack of security and the inability to control subsequent distribution.
E-mail is the least secure form of communication.

Grilled meats, hummous, and other Arab staples are on offer at this locally famous, award-winning institution.
The meats are grilled and served on kebabs. 

The A12 autostrada and the old Via Aurelia (which ends up in Arles in French Provence) take you to Tarquinia.
The Via Aurelia is less congested than the A12 autostrada.

out of your own jeans yes
Your jeans are too tight.

One of the drawings on view at MoMA is a diagram of the races, with the Jews identified as circumscised [ sic ] cut off from Earth.
Circumcision was taught by Jews by the MomA

Finally, with its high postwar investment levels, Japan's production processes became more capital intensive compared to most other advanced nations.
Japan has the mindset for higher capital. 

and i think if we remember that that they're out after the ratings
They are getting better ratings.

In modern times, of course, it would, on the contrary, seem irresponsible to advocate deflation in the name of a historical monetary benchmark (though Hong Kong is currently following a de facto policy of deflation in order to defend the fixed exchange rate between its currency and the U.S. dollar).
They wanted to see the country advance not regress.

Walking from the fishing harbor north toward the commercial port will take you past the small Folklore Museum, with exhibits of traditional Greek household items.
You will go past the museum, then walk 2 more miles.

The complexity of the weapon made Ca'daan dizzy.
The cannon was so complex that it made Ca'daan uncomfortable. 

Based on this faulty assumption, Landsburg then goes on to make the assertion that since our grandchildren are going to be so rich, they won't mind being reduced to seeing things like trees only in photographs, and they might prefer inheriting the proceeds of economic development to inheriting the redwoods, anyway.
All trees will be gone once our grandchildren are grown. 

Is there someone in there?
Is someone in there?

But your instinct tells you he did not commit it. 
Your insight tells you he has never stolen a thing in his life.

Shocked, because Abraham Lincoln was speaking with the strongest Russian accent I'd ever heard.
His accent was fake of course. 

He concluded that a brief intervention might have a short-lived effect that degrades over time.
A really good intervention might involve locking the subject in a small room for several years.

Responses overall were generally favorable to the concept of reporting stewardship information.
There were a considerable amount of unfavorable responses that were gathered.

The writers had to make their points in terms that people of the time would understand.
Many of the people of the time had never even attended high school.

Upriver, east of Blois, in a huge densely wooded park surrounded by 31 km (20 miles) of high walls, the brilliant white Ceteau de Chambord is the most extravagant of all the royal residences in the Loire Valley.
Only members of the royal court can enter the royal residences.

A gold-hilted short sword hung on his hip.
He had a shiny sword that was two feet long.

 "Your sample of sky," she said as the clod labored over to the desk and dropped nothing with a dull clank.
The clod sighed in relief after it dropped the piece of sky.

I am, said Ca'daan.
Ca'daan said he was traveling to the village.

Another co-sponsor, Rep.
Rep is the second and final co-sponsor. 

for a pair of tennis shoes yeah
It is a lot of money for tennis shoes.

Also part of this annex is the Armeria Real (Royal Armory).
The Armeria Real is known to be the world's most stocked armory.

From Port de Pollenca or Port d'Alcedia, try a cruise around the dramatic cliffs of Cape Formentor.
You can dive off the cliffs of Cape Formentor.

But more on that in the next episode.
There was too much information to put it all in one episode.

 At the last moment she pulled back.
Right when he was about to reach her, she pulled back.

uh um i usually try to stay out of kitchen i don't know  not one of my favorite hobbies but
I suck at cooking so I stay out of the kitchen.

An' ain't you gonna tell? 
Aren't you going to tell them everything?

2) It's based on a book written by one of Winchell's ghostwriters, who, natch, makes himself the star of the film.
This is Winchell's favorite ghostwriter.

Furthermore, in prior GAO reviews of working groups established by the President, we have received information on participation by outside parties.
The president deemed that it was necessary to consult outside parties.

like you i haven't played any or not much this year i played a couple of times but
We haven't played much because we have been busy.

I stood in the doorway with my jaw on the floor.
I was shocked at the sight I was seeing; something I never thought I would see in my life; as I stood in the doorway in horror.

'I think I like to invent things.
I want to invent things for space travel. 

Is there an editor in the house?
How many editors does the house have?

The Alliance's English-educated elite seemed to imagine that multiracial integration would come about through education and employment.
The idea that racial integration would come through education and employment turned out to be false.

For its part, China declared Hong Kong a  Special Administrative Region  and guaranteed its civil and social system for at least 50 years after 1997.
Hong Kong was owned by China since its inception.

It must be.
It has to be.

Very few routes service businesses or residences exclusively.
Most of the routes offer a combined service for residences and businesses.

Over the nave, the two hollow pyramids appear to be designed in the style of chimneys for a castle kitchen.
The pyramids were designed in the 19th century.

Its church, the Eglise Saint-Etienne, harmoniously combines Roman?­esque towers and nave with Gothic steeples, choir, and chancel.
Eglise Saint-Etienne's nave and towers were originally built a hundred years before its steeples and chancel.

okay Jay i was thinking about um this topic and i was remembering that guy that does an advertisement on the radio about drug testing and marijuana whether or not marijuana causes any trouble or not and he was saying how the train had wrecked
I remembered a radio ad that always bothered me.

Throughout Jerusalem, other spots important to Jesus's life were commemorated with religious structures.
Some spots not important to Jesus's life were also commemorated with religious structures.

The new American vogue for mergers may be making the economy stronger, though the jury is still out on that question.
Mergers will make the economy stronger.

Once risks have been identified, they should be analyzed for their possible effect.
There are too many risks to analyze. 

No, but I deny your right to criticize my actions. 
I don't like being criticised.

Bill Barnes  The product I reviewed was IBM ViaVoice.
I think I would give IBM ViaVoice four stars.

And what are they?
What are those things going to be used for?

The brill were slaughtered for food and San'doro assured them that the slaves would find their way.
The slaves will find their way.

Its people are more reserved and less seductive than Romans or Nea?­po?­?­litans in the South.
Its people are extremely reserved due to religious reasons.

The Fat Man beamed.
The man was happy about some good news

It is one of the most exclusive, too, though somewhat democratized these days by the groups of boules players on its graveled side paths.
Playing boules involves some balls and a lot of spare time.

But that, of course, is the real and present issue that neither congressional party addressed, transfixed as they and the media are by the fantasy budgets offered on the campaign trail by their respective standard-bearers.
The fantasy budgets are tempting.

Linking the lowland and highland sections of the park, a cable-car system offers spectacular views acroseto the islands of the South China Sea.
You can watch the seagulls fly by as you ascend or descend on your trip.

Tommy rose obediently.
Tommy stood up immediately.

If you have questions concerning the substance of the rule, please contact Victor S. Rezendes, Director for Energy, Resources, and Science Issues, on 512-3841.
Victor Rezendes is the only person that can answer the questions you have about the rule.

He knew she was aware of his stare though she showed no sign.
He was staring at her because she was bleeding.

Today this is one of the most congested streets in Kathmandu, and the exhaust fumes from trucks, tuk-tuks, and buses can be overwhelming.
Buses are crowded at this time of the year, and you are better off not using public transportation.

When the findings do not converge, the case study reconciles or explains the differences as far as possible.
It is rare that case study findings do not converge.

Stop blaming John.
Stop saying it's John's fault that we crashed.

you know they have we tried to have a aluminum can drive with the cub scouts that i have and we just don't have any place to store those kind of cans
"We just don't have any place in the pantry to store the aluminum cans."

In a prior GAO report on best practices, we said that commercial firms began using integrated product teams in the 1980s as a way to get better results faster.
Along with their integrated product teams, commercial firms also began using demographics research more thoughtfully.

The casino is open until 3am Sun Thur, and until 4am on Fri and Sat.
There are more people in the casino from 12 AM to 4 AM than there are at any time before that.

If I can produce the papers you give me my life and liberty in exchange.
This is a deal that's worth doing for you.

He obtained private backing for the creation of the gallery, which opened in 1889.
He required private funding in order to open the gallery.

On an average, she made a new will at least once a year, said Mr. Wells imperturbably. 
Mr. Wells said, "She made a new will and had her brother co-sign it at least once annually."

you didn't yeah
You have yet to do it.

It weighed about a kilo and was the size of a bag of flour.
He had one kilo of weed stored in the bag. 

i guess uh not not yeah i mean me yeah  you're absolutely right  i think it's a really a good thing i i like to see
You are beyond a doubt correct due to the extensive funding and research you conducted.

This chilling story of a mother's crushing love for a son will haunt me long after I've forgotten the details of the handover ceremony.
This is the most chilling story I have ever heard.

But he was doing it, and it was already beginning to work.
He couldn't believe how easily he had gotten the handle on it.

East of the station, the cemetery (see page 50), entrance on boulevard Edgar Quinet, is the resting-place of some famous and controversial figures in French history.
The Marquis du Sade rests at the cemetery on the boulevard Edgar Quinet.

In summer, if you sit by any reasonably quiet estuary, you may see black tern.
Black terns prefer quiet places and solitude. 

A greater sense of control seems, on the contrary, to highlight it.
A sense of control seems to highlight what the media is talking about.

Do the tabloids offer any hope for the male of the species?
Tabloids mainly cater to women.

Degas' very retreat from contemporary life owes something to his disgust with French society as he found it.
Degas has been in retreat for 3 years.

We call on Congress, the private bar, and local and state governments to support LSC in fulfilling its Congressional mandate to provide low-income individuals throughout America with real, meaningful access to our nation's justice system.
LSC is funded by a grand from the Chud group.

That's not progress?
What kind of progress?

i mean it's not as vast a country as like you know where you people are from because i lived in Abilene for a little while
I lived in Abilene a very long time ago.

Is Lana actually going to sit in her house and let Brandon be murdered?
Lana wants Brandon to die. 

Rest yourself easy, son.
Rest yourself by sitting down and eating lunch, son. 

The designbuild contract approach represents a much larger step toward outsourcing of traditional owner functions than occurs with the abovedescribed CM contract.
Owner functions can be outsourced to companies that can show better performance metrics.

On the opposite shore is the smaller and older fortress of Anadolu Hisar??, dating from 1390.
The fortress of Anadolu Hisar?? had a garrison of fifty soldiers.

Silence filled the clearing.
The clearing was filled with ominous silence.

At the workaday zone of Mergellina at the western end of the harbor, the fishermen bring their morning catch into Porto Sannazaro.
The fish are abundant and the men work hard. 

It concluded the section specified four categories of prohibited activities, of which three appear[ed] to prohibit the type of activity named regardless of viewpoint, while one might be read to prohibit the activity only when it seeks reform.
The four categories contained all the prohibited activities.

Martha Stewart's sheets and towels are sold only at Kmart.
Martha Stewart has a contract with Kmart. 

Detection of acute alcohol intoxication and chronic alcohol dependence by trauma center staff.
The staff at the trauma center are trained to detect intoxication. 

Finally, it does not include the mail sent by both households and non-households in response to advertising.
Households respond to advertising more often than non-households.

Is he  ?"
"He didn't used to be."

Employment level also increased during this time from 69.
Unemployment decreased due to the times of 69.

Men usually seem to have.
I am a woman.

In addition, there is nothing that identifies the support staff and the White House Fellow, referred to as the group support staff, assigned to provide support to the NEPDG.
 there is nothing that identifies my gender

She is like pictures I have seen in Italy. 
She is something I like more than Italy.

you didn't even didn't even look huh
You should have looked I don't know why you didn't. 

The district on the opposite bank of the river was once a fortified enclave, inhabited mainly by market gardeners who used to sell their wares from barges on the river.
The enclave was fortified by catapults and a wide moat,

but you couldn't tell there was a problem
The problem was on the inside.

Other sights in Limoges include its Cathedrale Saint-Etienne, a Gothic masterpiece that took 600 years to complete, and the part of the haute ville (also called the Ceteau) that contains the ancient Rue de la Boucherie and pretty Cour du Temple.
Several fires during construction caused the Cathedrale Saint-Etienne to have its construction delayed.

The marginal cost of mercury reductions by 2015 ranges from $350 million/ton to $432 million/ton, again depending on the scenario.
The biggest factor involved with the swing in marginal cost was the value of the dollar at that time.

The chin seems to have emerged around 130,000 years ago.
The chin is 130,000 years old according to the ice men we discovered.

It configured both relatively painlessly.
Both were configured relatively painlessy, said the manager.

He also took long walks into the country. 
He took long walks in the country in order to clear his head.

no competition
competition was so easy

215 "To-morrow may be too late," said Sir James gravely.
"It would already be over by tomorrow", said Sir James seriously.

yeah what's going on and what needs to be done but i really do think that the population that people are pretty well aware i think more so now than ever before
Most people know what needs to be done with the global warming issue.

yeah yeah and with without a whole lot of big name players they have got a few anchors on offense and defense and you know they they've managed with those guys and i don't know
They don't have a lot of big name players, but there are a few huge names on offense and defense.

AND THE MAGAZINE WAS STILL ROLLED UP IN THE POCKET! 
Time Magazine was in the pocket. 

that uh they should vote it one way or the other so maybe it is worth having that extra little or going to the the very farthest uh safeguard that can be done and uh
It's worth having extra because it might not get voted.

Instead, he has placed family values and personal morality at the heart of his platform, and the first act of his campaign was to schedule a series of interviews in which he denounced Clinton's behavior.
He despised Clinton and all he stood for. 

Implications of an aging registered nurse workforce.
The workforce overall is getting younger.

While News Quiz has avidly solicited sardonic comments on Kosovo and Littleton, the Abner Louima case confounds me.
This case is unlike any I've see before.

This was the ancient Mount Pagus, where Alexander the Great commanded his generals Lysimachus and Antigonus to found a new city back in the fourth century b.c.
Alexander the Great commanded hundreds of generals.

This was mainly the result of rate hikes-- not cuts--legislated in the Social Security Reform act of 1983.
We are experiencing better social security due to its reform last 1983.

More to the point, is it considered impolite to not make the bed?
It's always polite to make the bed.

Two years ago, American Lawyer magazine (a sister publication of the Law Journal) found that during the fat year of 1999, the approximately 50,000 lawyers at the nation's 100 highest-grossing firms spent an average of eight minutes a day on pro bono cases, or about 36 hours per year, which is down significantly from an average 56 annual hours during the recession year of 1992.
The thriving economy disincentivizes lawyers from doing pro bono work in times when pro bono clients most need their help.

All three countries have an interest in stabilizing Afghanistan sufficiently to construct oil pipelines from Central Asia through the country, as an alternative route to Iran.
All three countries are interested in stabilizing Afghanistan in order to construct oil pipelines from central Asia so they can have better access to Asian oil.

'I know you and White aren't working together.'
I know you and White aren't working on the house together.

The National Climate Change Technology Initiative will accelerate priority research and the application of advanced energy and sequestration technologies, recognizing that the real answer to addressing climate change in the long term lies in the development and global introduction of such technologies in this century.
The National Climate Change Technology Initiative is focused on technologies with global impacts only.

The Jains' non-violent religion excludes them from agriculture as a profession, but they dominate the electronics industry in Bangalore.
The Jains wanted to join the agriculture profession.

well see um and i worked for a steel mill the past two summers
I worked as dumb labor in a steel mill to pay for school.

There is another possibility. 
There's another explanation for what we're seeing.

Don't believe in it myself." Mr. Wells smiled faintly. 
Mr. Wells was trying very hard to keep a straight face.

Because this hardware is used extensively throughout industry, availability should not be an issue, except that supply of this type of equipment needs to be integrated into the overall project schedule so it does not cause bottlenecks.
The hardware can be a machine.

In particular, the senior executive who heads the Colorado state office had a performance expectation in her individual performance plan for the 2001 performance appraisal cycle to conduct land use assessments and complete plans as scheduled for the Gunnison Gorge National Conservation Area.
The executive had an expectation to assess the recreational land use in Gunnison Gorge.

this is true so true well this has been an interesting conversation
The conversation took place in a coffee shop.

An escalator takes you down to a reception area with the ticket office, underground bookshops, and cafe.
The ticket office is the first item you'll see when you step off of the escalator.

The peninsulas off the northwest coast present dramatic and interesting walks.
The rugged terrain of the peninsulas makes for a challenging hike.

You can request it after filing your complaint, but, as with anything filed with a court, nothing can be done about your request until the other party responds.
The other party has no obligation to respond.

It was quite a while before I realized they were trying to think at me.
I should have noticed earlier that they were thinking hard.

It provides managers flexibility to assign employees in a manner that is more suitable to multi-tasking and the full use of staff.
Managers need flexibility to keep happy employees

you've got to go see that
Seeing it will change your life.

Soon after the Bay of Pigs, Castro declared himself a Marxist-Leninist.
Castro is a Marxist-Leninist and this frightened many.

 Check for details on hunting permits at the local tourist office (see page 123) or drop a line to ICONA, Carrer Sabino de Arana, 22, Barcelona.
Hunting permits from the local tourist office are expensive.

Bush supported the war in Vietnam but signed up for the National Guard.
Bush supported the war in Vietnam but signed up for the National Guard because he was scared.

You can either fly into Nagpur or, if you're coming from Khajuraho, take a train to Jabalpur and continue by road.
The best way to travel to Nagpur is to fly.

i have a i have a real issue with that um i think that if from every year when they when they pull in the the the the uh test that the last three years you know ten eleven twelve year uh graders take and and and you see that their their education is below the norm throughout of all fifty states then that's saying that something's wrong with the educational system here in Texas and i have a real concern with about that um um matter of fact i'm very content to send my daughter out out of state to college in in Virginia uh verses having her go down here and not learn anything and then uh so i'm
Colleges in Virginia have very good reputations for high grades.

(Click here for a summary of the experiment.)
Click here for the summary if you are having trouble viewing the full experiment.

Costly error or painful recriminations lie on either side of my position.
My position isn't as tough as some other positions I've been in.

Part of the side deal Clinton made with Congress obliges him to sign a bill cutting capital gains and estate taxes even if it is not the bill I would write.
Clinton made a side deal with a Congress that also considered controversial problems.

'But...my sources...'
My sources are wrong.

I had to confess myself mistaken. 
I was embarrassed to find that I was wrong.

uh-huh right and and they've changed that now now  stop it go play and leave me alone yeah and so i'm using the other ones now because they're just as easy to get to and then they're nickel a gallon cheaper so
The other ones charge more interest though.  

To the east of the Accademia along the Grand Canal, a breath of the 20th century awaits you at the Peggy Guggenheim Collection of modern art in the Palazzo Venier dei Leoni.
The Peggy Guggenheim Collection takes up the whole of the Palazzo Venier dei Leoni.

Potato and sugar crops were also badly affected during this period.
Potato crops were hit particularly hard by blight and other diseases.

yeah and you know all these old people they would get out of this right all the ones that are already retired so what could we could do is take all the retired people that are going around in their big mobile homes and they could do public service all over the country i'm just teasing
I have deep respect for old people.

Another area where the current self-regulatory structure has proved to be inadequate is in connection with the AICPA's self-disciplinary function.
Another area where the current self-regulatory structure has proved to be inadequate is the local bank.

His head was shaved and coated in black blood.
He injured himself.

By the way, the LAT story cannot just refer to the World Wide Web--oh no, it has to explain that this is a popular Internet graphical network, encompassing some 62 million Americans, that is revolutionizing business and education.
They wanted to spread the word about potential business prospects online.

thrilling to see it all come off so well, says the Washington Post 's Tom Shales.
It had been completed in the past month.

well i've been pretty lucky in that respect i don't charge like i say i've i been trying to to not charge except for emergencies
The clients love how I handle my business. 

This Mr. Inglethorp, I should say, is somewhat of a scoundrel, but that does not of necessity make him a murderer." I shook my head, unconvinced. 
Mr. Inglethorp has done some dubious things before, but he may not be a murderer.

What Are the Implications of a Growing Elderly Population for Retirement Security?
The ramifications for retirement security could include decreases in funding.  

March 25 in the House Chamber at the Capitol.
The event is in the house chamber at the iowa state capitol.

The results are in quadrillion Btu in both the reference case and each of the four policy scenarios.
They were hoping for different results with each one.

The latter complex, with over 100 shops, probably has the widest choice.
The widest choice may be found in the latter complex, with over 00 shops it is hard not to find what you are looking for.

Under the headline Tina-bopping, the newspaper quoted from an article she had written for her own magazine about the White House dinner for the British prime minister, accusing her of sheer gush and babbling soppiness toward both him and his host, the president.
The newspaper mentioned in an negative way an article Tina had written about the Wite House dinner for the British prime minister. She understood the critics and apologized.

right that's true plus what what there will be of it even if it's there isn't quite enough anyway so
You need to know where it is.

Their mortgage payments immediately jumped $1,200 a month, to $3,290.
The increase in mortgage was due to property tax increases.

Never quite got up guts 'nough to paint their faces an' hit th' trail, not yet.
They haven't got the guts to paint their faces black and do a comedy show down the road.

that's right it um-hum right yeah
Yes, that is exactly right.

of the Civil War and it's not a story of the Civil War it's a story of all the politics and uh lobbying and just basically state by state events that led
It's a story about politics and evens that led to the civil war, as told by a general.

Is that what you call her? His mind seemed to be trying to adjust itself to a new idea.
The idea was new because he had previously known almost nothing about the topic.

The house is not open to the public.
The house used to be open to the public before it was vandalized.

The mule, Croaker, fell in behind her so that they were strung out in the familiar pattern which had been theirs clear from Texas.
Croaker fell in behind in a familiar pattern, but then broke away as we got closer to our destination. 

oh what a shame
It is very shameful.

Our situation is comparable to the situation Slate now faces about whether to print damning information about the hypocritical politician.
Failure to report the information would make Slate appear spineless.

This 1770s mansion was formerly the residence of viscount Powerscourt and still possesses some magnificent plasterwork, particularly in the rear exit hall.
Viscount Powerscourt was responsible for the magnificent plasterwork.

A century ago, Northern progressives such as The Nation 's E.L.
Over 90 years ago, Northern progressives such as The Nation's E.L.

Also out of town, you can see a reconstitution of Dom P??rignon's famous 17th-century cellar and laboratory in the abbey museum of Hautvillers, just 6 km (4 miles) north of Epernay.
The abbey museum of Hautvillers is popular with tourists.

The Carthaginians, under Hannibal, recruited locals to fight as mercenaries against Rome.
The locals were often forced into conscription.

What's his name?
Is his name John?

yeah they had them on the news this lady her husband she was seven i'll never forget it because she was seven months pregnant and he hit her in the stomach and then tried to cut her throat
She lost the baby because he hit her in the stomach.

well it's so i guess i'm a real i'm a realist and so when i watch movies like that it's like this can not happen so i just don't enjoy it you know because it's just like come on give me a break you know i mean i just and so many of them are done so poorly
My friends don't care if movies are realistic, but I do a lot.

and down in Memphis they had a uh team called the Showboats
They are s really good football team. 

I looked White carefully up and down, and found him totally unreadable.
I wasn't sure what White thought about the new rule. 

Another pair of whipmasters charged at them.
The whipmasters let out a battle cry as they charged.

yeah yeah but then that was back when um you know the high impact and
High impact always hurt my knees.

It describes techniques, known as software metrics, for quantitatively measuring how closely a project conforms to development plans and assessing whether an acquisition is at risk of delay or cost increases.
Software metrics are the only ways you can measure how a project conforms to plans.  

Doubtless the writer was interrupted; but there can be no question as to his identity. 
We can tell that the writer stopped halfway.

they've recently voted that Spanish is the official language which i always assumed it was anyway
Spanish is now officially the language of Spain. 

Need a facial?
Do you need a deep cleanser on your face?

Most of us--God bless America--couldn't care less.
Most of us don't care about our weight.

But since I must have horses, Senor Shannon, I will look at horses.
Since I need horses to work, Senor Shannon, I will look at them.

i used to but i don't anymore maybe once or twice a year
I would love to do it more often but it is expensive.

They are in the Reform Party.
They joined the Reform Party last year.

Without a systematic measurement of the extent of the problem, agency management cannot determine (1) if the problem is significant enough to require corrective action, (2) how much to costeffectively invest in internal control systems to correct the problem, or
Agency management just doesn't want to pour resources into a problem that doesn't require extensive action.

We're preparing a state tool-kit of various options available, based on the experience of states that already have [loan forgiveness] plans.
The states need to provide us with their experiences.

what do you have at home
what ingredients do you already have in your cupboard

we didn't have air conditioning in our house or anything
Without air conditioning it was miserable in our house, we couldn't afford it.

The man came and put it right on Tuesday morning." With a long drawn exclamation of ecstasy, Poirot led the way back to the morning-room. 
Along with his guests, Poirot walked back into the morning-room.

Quick, she whispered.
Don't waste any time, she whispered.

Indeed, you could view this show as a carnivalesque celebration of our growing tolerance for illiteracy.
Many blame education and media for declining literacy.

Abraham Lincoln was walking at a steady pace, as if he had all the time in the world.
Lincoln was not worried and walked slowly.

Liberals called him the greatest hero in a century of jurisprudence.
He fought for the rights of everyone.

The court upheld the restrictions on litigation, lobbying, and rulemaking involving an effort to reform a Federal or State welfare system, since all three prohibited grantees' involvement in These activities regardless of the side of the issue.
The court did not hear arguments from any opposing sides during its deliberation.

You might imagine I loved covering him.
I loved saving him from being caught by our boss.

As the leading performance and accountability organization in the United States and arguably the world, we believe that we have an obligation to lead by example and practice what we preach.
Other organizations view us as the best accountability organization in the world.

 "Suppose you had yourself a stack of cart wheels and my pockets were to let?"Drew retorted.
Drew was a smart guy, and he wasn't going to take any bullshit.

In a rare opportunity for concentrated effort by one man on such a gigantic project, Bernini completed the 284 travertine columns, 88 pilasters, and 140 statues of the saints in just 11 years, from 1656 to 1667.
Bernini was given an award for his hard work completing the project.

well well what seems to be the answer is to concentrate on uh you know the children
It seems that the answer is to concentrate on the children and education.

Today's settlers, especially West Bankers, are far more militant than their '80s counterparts.
The West Bankers use weapons.

Spain in the 16th century wasn't very excited about the Lesser Antilles.
Spain didn't care about any of the Antilles.

Place names are often based on the distance to the nearest mile-post, as measured from the tip of the Kowloon peninsula.
Place names in the country are based on distance.

and i grabbed the dog by the tail real quick and i discovered if you yank a dog's tail real hard he lets go of a bird
My dog had a bird in its mouth.

Reductions in the early years averaged 25 percent below the required cap.
The reductions helped save a large portion of the money available.

The dinosaurs were flying raptors, fresh from circling the trash heaps on the edge of the city.
Trash heaps on the edge of the city were gigantic.

Susan wore a brown robe and a headscarf.
Susan wore a headscarf to shade her eyes from the sun.

so much went for the mortgage because we knew you know that was kind of fixed and electricity you could come pretty close and telephone you could come pretty close uh the oil
As long as we got close to the actual amount, the utilities wouldn't punish us for not paying in full.

Later that year another devastating fire destroyed much of the structure though not the tower and Cromwell made funds available to rebuild the structure.
A fire burned 200 acres, including a lot of the structure.

Neither Martinique nor Guadeloupe enjoy duty-free status (apart from the duty-free shops at the airports), but almost everything from France is sold at mainland French prices, well below what the items would cost in North America.
Products in France are much cheaper in order to draw tourism away from more popular locations such as Martinique and Guadeloupe.

However, the outstanding feature is the archaeological garden, an outdoor display of relics from some of the oldest places on the island tombstones, pieces taken from important buildings, and two splendid early-16th-century stone Manueline windows (pick up the Quinta's own leaflet for information on these).
The archaeological garden is visited by dozens of people every year.

okay i appreciate it enjoyed it all right bye
I would be happy to do it again sometime.

These requirements are detailed in two OMB Circulars.
The OMB felt that it would be more convenient if the requirements were listed in a couple of sources instead of several.

He may have a little trouble with so many knowing his name, but he's Dave Hanson, to whom nothing is impossible.
He might've had a bit of trouble being so popular because of his Youtube channel, but nothing was impossible for Dave. 

In its Sharp decision, the court showed an admirable understanding and respect for economic theory.
The Sharp judgement was a precedent setting case. 

i think he'll be okay once he gets on
I think he will have no trouble with the job.

fifty years
A long time.

Stephen Hargarten said that screening for alcohol applies not only to the potential for interventions, but also to the patient's overall quality of care, including safety from injury due to alcohol impairment or from alcohol withdrawal during the acute phase of treatment for medical or surgical conditions.
Stephen Hargarten is a highly qualified medical doctor researching alcohol abuse.

Do I have time to think about it?'
'I just needed 5 minutes to make up my mind.'

(iv) Other relevant information or requirements under Acts and Executive orders
There are a number of Acts and Executive Orders.

yeah those double ones pretty good we're on our third one i think somehow
We will get another one soon.

yeah these were young kids too they couldn't have been out of middle school
Due to their age, we recommend community service.

This appears to be in the nature of the Web and not something that is likely to change.
The trolls are inherent to the Web.

A remnant of the Byzantine Empire survived in Nicaea (now Iznik), and recaptured Constantinople in 1261, but the city had been shattered and its great monuments were strip?ΰed of gold, silver, and precious works of art.
Among other cities, Constantinople was recaptured by the Byzantine Empire.

the real classics i'm not as familiar with as you know the ordinary sounds that you hear every day type of thing
I don't like to read the classics.

Whether calls to the old gods, proclamations of kings, or simple geographical instructions, none of them could say.
Everyone had a different opinion about what the writing was.

I've just never done it, Dole said in an interview with GNS.
GNS are not the only people to have interviewed Dole.

There must be, we cannot be created for this sort of suffering.
There must be a paradise after this life.

He can speak to Red if he wants to, and there was no damage done to the lunch.
Red has been meaning to talk to him.

(In life, Shapiro was similarly frustrated.)
In life Shapiro was frustrated likewise due to his impotence.

This law states that wherever computer chips go, the Internet will  Everything that's powered by electricity will eventually become studded with computer chips.
Computer chips are being improved quickly.

One must never permit confusion. 
You must take the time to find all the answers so you are never confused.

Keyes : Shouldn't have government or other bureaucracies dictating to people.
Keyes also went on to say that when the government makes all the decisions, people have less economic freedom.

Since the 1920s it has been the stomping grounds for L.A.'s partying celebrities.
Celebs had the best time a that nightclub.

United game, a section called the Barra Brava is jammed with Salvadorans and Bolivians wielding noisemakers.
Since so many Bolivians and Salvadorans are making noise in Barra Brava, it is hard to think.

However, if there are categories of mail that are attractive to competitors, these categories should be viewed as extremely elastic and the Postal Service would be expected to move its rates toward a lower markup over costs.
If the Postal Service moved its rates toward a lower markup over costs, it would greatly improve business performance.

but that didn't work out too well so now we're we're trying to build it back up
We had to tear the whole thing down for rebuilding.

Look at the label. I read the label carefully: " 'One powder to be taken at bedtime, if required. 
Check the label on bottle.

Or had he found something he wished to keep to himself? 
Did he want to keep the gold treasure all to himself. 

When Jon looked at the script, it shifted under the man's skin.
The script was in a big heavy book.

On the other hand, Poste Italiane per capita volume is among the lowest in the industrialized world, and so its delivery costs proportion should be among the highest.
Italy's delivery prices are higher than France. 

It cannot be long now before the tissue of half-truths and leaks is stripped away and something resembling the truth is told, it said, accusing the president of a pattern of slipperiness.
The president has vowed that he would never tell a lie.

The executive power rests with the Cabinet, headed by the Prime Minister.
The Cabinet is made up of three members.

because it was like you couldn't you couldn't even stand still out there without ants starting
You couldn't stand there without ants crawling all over you.

Similarly, articles about Gen Y--many written by boomer parents--are fulsome about how well boomers are raising their tots, how intimately parents and kids communicate, and how much kids admire mom and dad.
These are all opinions, and are disputed among other

The image it suggests to your steadfast adviser is of two children dancing in a meadow ...
Children enjoy playing in the fields.

 Senor Kirby, Don Cazar he would speak with you in the Casa Grande, León Rivas called through one of the patio side windows.
Don Cazar wanted to speak with Senor Kirby about business.

He died in 1324 in the neighbouring town of S?? ??t, but was buried in Bursa in 1326 after the city had been captured by his son, Orhan Gazi.
The city was captured by his son in 1324 after a dispute over land.

As stated in preamble to the 1997 PM National Ambient Air Quality Standards (40 CFR 50, 1997), the consistency of the results of the epidemiological studies from a large number of different locations and the coherent nature of the observed effects are suggestive of a likely causal role of ambient PM in contributing to the reported effects, which include premature mortality.
As a result of these findings, an action plan is being created to reduce ambient PM.

Actions needed to accomplish a goal 
Without a goal, most people would agree that the actions are in vain.

New drugs make flaccid men potent, but not without dangers (one man remained aroused for more than 24 hours).
Expensive new drugs to help flaccid men gain potency come with some risks.

The huge blocks were hauled to the quaysides to be carried upriver.
The huge blocks were difficult to transport, but they did it by transporting them upriver.

Go back and read their work, from around the same time as Bell's, and you have a totally different  At least these authors' arguments fall somewhere on the map of 1999 (and neither of them seem to pay much heed to the U.S.S.R.).
Both authors works were written at the same time as Bell's, but they ignored the U.S.S.R.

In 2002, LSC continued to provide technical assistance and pursue activities to help create or strengthen state planning bodies.
This was the extent of the activities the LSC engaged in during 2002.

Begun in 1917, its construction was interrupted on several occasions, most dramatically when two elephants of the Sultan Idris went on a rampage on the imported Italian marble floor.
The elephants caused destruction to the floor.

But no protest was lodged.
Without a protest, the original decision stood.

And ”ah, by the way, I have a word of caution to give you, my friend. 
I need to warn you about Mrs. Cavendish.

An AP reporter spreads the latest unsubstantiated  Monica had a breakdown last night and won't be testifying.
Monica is under a lot of pressure because of this trial.

Members of the Rothschild and Ford families also took up residence nearby.
Ford and Rothschild families owned these places for generations.

For example, web hits were counted in the 2001 version of the system, but this proved to be a vague concept that produced huge numbers but little useable information.
Web hits were included in the 2001 version of the accounting software.

This is the scenario implied by U.S.
The war on terror is what the USA implies.

This may be less of a prophecy than a reflection on the town's tumultuous history.
Many people believe it is a prophecy of what will come in the future.

The plot is by the numbers, and you can't help but notice that Chan has more stunt doubles these days, but the movie has been photographed (by veteran Adam Greenberg) and staged (by director Brett Ratner) with unusual polish, and Chan has been paired with the black comedian Chris Tucker, who's like Eddie Murphy on helium.
Chan and black comedian Chris Tucker make an excellent pair.

For property that is held for internal use or transferred to another Federal agency, it is the fair value of the property less a valuation allowance for any liens or third party claims.
Properties transferred to Federal agencies may be subject to liens or third party claims.

Archaeologists can trace their origins to the builders of the first cities, Harappa and Mohenjodaro, in the Indus valley.
Archaeologist spent decades tracing their origins.

At least they call it heart failure induced by an overdose, or some such claptrap.
It was clearly done to let the deceased save face.

I assure you that you need not let it trouble you. 
It may bother someone else. 

A typical newspaper in the U.S. has less than 50 percent coverage in its service area.
A newspaper in the US usually has less than half their coverage in the service area because of cable TV.

(1) disseminate all types of information, including alerts, advisories, reports, and other analysis; (2) make databases available to the members; and (3) provide methods for members to ask each other about particular incidents, vulnerabilities, or potential solutions.
Online databases are the safest and most efficient form to transmit information.

She didn't feel like writing her own greetings, so she logged in to bestbestbest.pl and filled out a short form.
Someone else was going to write all 100 of her greetings for her. 

The other nodded thoughtfully.
The other person agreed.

This attracts the unlikely combination of serious career gamblers and novices without much to spend.
The gamblers and the novices come into conflict when they are drawn to this.

Papers that are clinically applicable to functioning practice in the emergency department and the trauma center belong in those journals.
Most of the papers apply to functioning practice in the emergency department.

Suppose they should find her dead … stricken down by the hand of Mr. Brown? 
If she dies, then we'll never know what happened.

Without a moment's pause for reflection he, too, went up the steps, and reproduced as far as he was able the peculiar knock.
The man was able to make the exact same knocking sound.

that uh oh yeah i mean they don't uh uh
I mean they don't carry avocados.

In 1286 the MacAlpin dynasty ended, leaving Scotland without a ruler.
When Scotland was left without a ruler the country was in turmoil.

These specific areas include knowledge of solicitation procedures, benchmarking and other performance or capability validation techniques, and knowledge of technical areas such as database management and telecommunications networks.
Database management is the most important area.

uh-huh i think it's necessary i i like it you know it makes i think it's good that you see these you know like boxes cereal they're now starting to make them you know the packages out of recycled paper and
The boxes also contain chocolate

For me, every day when I'm working it's like a  you get up, go see all these people, and do the thing you love most.
This person is a social worker.

Over the phone.
The appointment was confirmed over the phone.

Mop and pail again! 
Mop and pail for the fifth time!

i bet it was
I bet it was fantastic.

As Dave's eyes took in the whole situation, the cliff crumbled completely, and the dozer came lunging over the edge, plunging straight for him.
Dave was full of fear.

Continue north and then left on A-Darb al-Asfar Street, and you'll find Bayt es-Suheimi on your right.
It will take a while, but go north and then left on A-Darb al-Asfar Street and you'll find Bayt es-Suheimi on your right.

Later, Clinton and House Majority Leader Richard Armey point fingers--literally--at each other, and the Republicans go nuts over what they consider to be an unflattering picture the White House released to Time . All in all, everyone in the budget talks looks petty and political, except for Dole.
Clinton and Richard Armey argued during budget talks and painted an unflattering picture of government. The people were not pleased either.

First of all, he must have a square meal.
He can't work if he doesn't have proper nutrition.

Small-scale agriculture dominates the island's land?­scape, employing about a fifth of the people.
Small scale agriculture is the dominant business.

This is followed up with statistics about the number of people in federal and state prisons and local jails (1.
The statistics revealed that more people are in federal prison than state prison.

Thus, if all patients with severe problems stopped drinking, a substantial number of patients with alcohol-related problems would still present to the emergency department.
Some patients refuse to stop drinking, even when their health and lives are at stake.

um-hum um-hum get a kitten yeah um-hum
Get a kitten for your kid.

His glance was strange… .
He was cross-eyed.

Situated due east of Mysore, Srirangapatnam was the site of the battles against the Muslim ruler Tipu Sultan in the 1790s, in which the British gained control of the peninsula.
Srirangapatnam was controlled by the British for over 100 years.  

because i've you know my wooded lot at my previous house uh i didn't have to mow the lawn very often because it didn't grow that fast
I only mowed the lawn once every two months on my wooded lot.

Our long-standing friendship with Degas, which on our mother's side went back to their childhood, was broken off.
Degas and our family went out to dinner together many times.

pretty good how many children did you say you had
Do you have two children?

Be under no illusions, if you trouble them, the Corporation will kill you.
The Corporation has killed many people.

ended up coming back but uh yeah the weather out there was uh-huh it it could get a little bit a little bit interesting now and again
The weather was okay, I wish it were much better though.

and that makes sense but like you said i mean it it seems simple and i think in a way it's so simple that people would be afraid to try it
Making a cake seems really simple to do.

Not Proust in the cork-lined room.
People would've preferred to read Proust if given the choice.

It was Albright, after all, who titled a 1993 memo to Clinton Why America Must Take the Lead.
Albright thought America should be an economic leader.

A Cummins representative stated that not using prototypes becomes a matter of pay me now or pay me later, meaning that it is far less costly to demonstrate a product's design early in development with prototypes, concepts, and analyses than to incur the cost of significant design changes after a product has entered production-a much more costly environment to make changes.
A forum on product design was held where someone from Cummins spoke. 

What about meals? inquired the practical Tommy.
Tommy inquired after sustenance and leisure activities? 

Give me their sight as well, said Jon.
Jon wanted the sights for the guns.

In addition, over time, members began to better understand the perspectives of others.
Everyone's perspectives were positive.

and leave us uh-huh
Leaves us for good.  

In the distance we could see a handful of shadows slipping out onto the tracks, angrily gesturing at the train to come back.
I could see a man was walking on the track.

Look also for the heart-shaped stone mosaic on the pavement here, marking the site of the Edinburgh Tolbooth.
The Edinburgh Tolbooth is much loved by all who know it.

The traditional payment approval process has been modified over the years primarily through the application of statistical sampling and fast pay procedures, and the widespread use of computer technology.
The traditional payment approval methods has become more efficient.

but yeah but it's so cheap they don't have a problem here i mean um they can deal with that scale
Although it is cheap, they will not pay for it.

Tommy, don't you see, if they are scared enough to run away like this, it shows that there must be a lot in this Jane Finn business! 
Tommy agrees with me that they are running away because they are scared.

Room 5: Giorgione's Tempest (1505) is one of the museum's most cherished, most mysterious treasures, a girl calmly nursing her child in a landscape prickling with the electricity of the approaching storm.
The painting uses standard 15th century materials but, introduces a new watercolor element not usually seen in Renaissance work.

I had some warm moments in that court; I did not figure to myself that the man would be so pig-headed as to refuse to say anything at all. 
The court made me refuse to say anything.

They show Ellison exploring black folklore as a source for black fiction, using flight, for example, as a metaphor for escape--a common trope among slaves who imagined themselves able to fly back to Africa.
Ellison thinks that tropes in black fiction relate to conditions in Africa. 

1) total amount of research to investigate the modality, 2) methodological quality of research, 3) number of studies demonstrating improved outcomes, and 4) cost effectiveness.
Over 1000 researchers investigated at the modality.

Its vast bronze doors pictorially chart the island's history, and the immense main gallery inside has a diamond in the floor beneath the dome, symbolizing that now-distant era when Cuba was rich.
Its vast bronze doors pictorially chart the island's history in their historical engravings.

Now recall what the Republicans did with Horton's  An independent expenditure group aired an ad for Bush showing a picture of Horton.
Republican conduct with Horton's was indicative of governmental corruption. 

uh  me and the uh insurance adjusters adjusters are are very familiar with each other and my husband still works there and uh
I used to work closely with the insurance adjusters.

yeah you have to do one of them you know spontaneous things like maybe three o'clock in the afternoon or one o'clock in the afternoon and stuff like that because they're not expecting you
You have to do it spontaneously to catch them in the act.

Recommendation #4 Research is needed to evaluate the effects of legal, privacy, confidentiality, regulatory, and human subjects issues on screening and interventions for alcohol problems among ED patients.
Screening and interventions have been accidentally disclosed in the past.

now what's oh
Oh I was surprised with what that is.

Across the country, immigrant groups, faith-based institutions, and bootstrap mayors are reinvigorating cities.
Bootstrap mayor's actually have a lot of experience and great ideas. 

Ah, my Benedictino, Ewelina the 18th fiancée said sweetly and looked at her man as if she fell in love with him all over again.
Ewelina and Benedictino were set to be married this July and it was going to be a big wedding. 

yeah it's it's it's just the you know here you to the logistics of the thing again you know who
Only you can know how this works

requiring reporting.
It was essential.

i mean i mean Bush talks about he doesn't like broccoli well that's how how i think of Dan Quayle as broccoli you know
Dan Quayle is like a piece of broccoli yet Bush keeps talking about how he loves him. 

For a time, Drudge straddled the divide between Web and checkout-line cultures, making the national press corps regularly scramble to cover a tabloid item.
The national press corps disliked Drudge for forcing them to cover tabloid items. 

uh they do what they think is either best for the you know the the uh economy or whatever's best for the people that are the lobbyists that are paying you know part of their way
There is no telling whether a politician is calling their own shots or if it is their lobbyists.

The size of the contingency quickly became a cause celebre with many parties to the rate case.
The contingency size became an issue for the parties of the case, as each side hoped to change it.

Ca'daan saw the dark skinned woman ride past, a quiver of small spears hanging from her saddle.
The woman had lots of weapons.

for gifts are you li stening to him
Are you hearing him or are you ignoring him? 

but uh i enjoyed that show
It was a good show.

If drugs do extend the lives of infected people for, say, decades--and I hope they do and that Sullivan is wrong about his own fate--I, too, would use the word cure.
Sullivan believes that they will die from the infection.

Scientific literature on the health effects of air pollutants provides the source of these concentration-response functions.
There are many pieces of writing that suggest our air can be a bit better. 

I don't know how far we'll have to go to get out of the sight of the Eye but we're ready to go there.
We are ready to flee to China to escape danger.

i take it from there
I will take it from here now that you are leaving.

yeah it didn't always work well i felt um i feel like i could myself do some things but that i have enough responsibility  that if i have someone like my father when i was living at home and my husband that's willing to do it i go ahead and let them do it i don't feel the need to um you know be a feminist on that issue and say i can take care of my own things i'm i'm happy to let them run run the cars because i have so many other responsibilities that um so i haven't tried to do a lot myself
He usually takes care of most of the housework.

I shall go round the long way through the woods." The woods round Styles were very beautiful. 
I hope to gather many elderberries on my walk through the woods.

No Longer Sleeping took out his cell phone and entered the code.
No Longer Sleeping would never forget his code, because it was his home address.

But one aspect of their culture, their spicy cuisine, has become fashionable across the United States and, more recently, the world.
Their cuisine is now very popular in France.

Four students were shot at an Oklahoma middle school.
All four students died. 

I have seen him stand here in Tubacca giving toys and candy to the little ones.
He gave 500 toys to the kids.

and uh you know this uh couldn't catch his breath even in his sleep and that turned me off of day cares
He was too tired to catch his breath.

In the frame game, nuance is almost always a loser.
Nuance fails to frame anything.

Rugs woven in Crevillente are long-wearing and can be made to your own design.
The rugs made in Crevillente are wool and dyed to customer specifications.

But if it's at all possible, plan your visit for the spring, autumn, or even the winter, when the big sightseeing destinations are far less crowded.
Visiting in the fall is best because that's when the crowds are smallest. 

The Under Secretary for Food, Nutrition, and Consumer Services has certified under section 605 of the Act that this rule does not have a significant economic impact on a substantial number of small entities.
The Under Secretary says the rule doesn't impact the economy for a lot of small companies because they don't have to deal with the big regulations.

Ramparts connect the smaller pre-Roman Castillo Menor (Small Castle) with the Roman and post-Roman Castillo Mayor (Main Castle), once notorious for its dungeon.
The dungeon able to hold two dozen prisoners and had a dedicated torture chamber.

Music is always telling stories (more or less), and I think that charismatic power is an element in one of those stories--the force we feel when a strong personality comes up against a demonic power and refuses to be cowed, and takes hair-raising risks, and succeeds in being, if only for a moment, the demon's equal.
The most moving music conveys triumph in many forms.

me i rather go Master Mister Gatti's or there's a Godfather's down in uh Memphis and that was a good pizza i've never tasted a better pizza
The sauce is what makes the pizza at Godfather's in Memphis so good.

Sharp Elbows wasn't living up to his own elevated standard of positive campaigning.
Sharp Elbows was not living up to a standard of positive campaigning that he had set, and was actually being quite vicious to his opponent.

And where's this satellite that's colliding with us? The passenger wanted to know.
There had been an announcement that they were to prepare for a collision with a satellite.

Most influential at this stage was architect William Playfair, and his flair can be seen in many of the streets and public buildings of the time.
William Playfair was most influential because of his father's legacy. 

(Actually, is it the teen-age girl audience?
Actually, is it the high school girl audience?

A lthough a small country, Portugal is blessed with incredible geographical diversity.
Portugal's geographical diversity draws in many tourists every year.

Carved out of the western sixth of the Iberian peninsula, the country is quite easy to get around.
The country boasts of some of the most beautiful scenery.

What did he want?
Why was he here?

You cannot change individuals' past investment decisions.
The investment decisions were poor choices.

uh-huh i go to LSU
LSU was my top choice.

He stood in front of the raised bench, noticing that the spot had been chosen to highlight him in the sunset light from the windows.
The ironwork details of the raised bench behind him glistened beautifully in the sunset light from the windows.

It is believed that Leonardo da Vinci, whom Francois brought to the Loire Valley in 1516, participated in the design, especially of the central four-towered donjon ' which makes a dream palace out of a classically feudal castle keep ' and the celebrated double-ramped spiral staircase in the donjon's center, which enables people to go up and down without meeting.
Leonardo da Vinci was known for designing donjons such as these in Florence.

Fenner's relaxed posture tensed into alert readiness.
Fenner was ready for an attack.

so uh you know i didn't have access to a machine the whole time i was in college
It was really frustrating not to have access to a machine.

The incentives for program managers and product developers to gather knowledge and reduce risk are also critical to DOD's ability to adopt best practices for product development.
Program managers get a bonus of $10,000 if they reduce risk.

In a way, I think it has already helped Microsoft's image.
It helped Microsoft's image because it showed that they care about animals.

By comparison, tax records show the director of the program at the Atlanta Legal Aid Society earned upwards of $80,000 during that time.
Tax records show that the program director wasn't reporting his full income.

This precisely echoes Justice Lewis Powell's famous explanation of permissible affirmative action in the 1978 Bakke 
He respected the judge and his decisions back then.

Together, these reports are intended to suggest frameworks for Congress and federal agencies to use in implementing GPRA and related results-oriented management initiatives.
These frameworks are very popular with senior executives but disliked by lower management.

Such data include narratives of events written by participant observers, accounts of what the participants understood about an event, reports of what was said at a meeting or an interview, observational records of how an event took place, and statements of impressions about what was going on, why it was happening, and how people felt about it, themselves, or each other.
The data on the Child Protective Services Report gathered information from all family members involved to determine safety in the home by interviewing them about narratives of events as experienced by family members including any details, spoken memory of what was said and overall impression and personal feelings. 

The other swung a sword taken from one of the dead marauders.
The other swung a broadsword that used to be one of the dead marauders.

developing information on the existing security risks associated with
developing information on the security risks that are linked to the new software

An important element of the overall control technology implementation is the time needed to connect, or hook up, the control technology equipment, particularly in relationship to the planned outage time for the unit.
Implementing control technology will require the unit to be down for at least a week.

A hand, matted with sun-bleached hair, made a grab for the book Drew had just laid down.
The hand belonged to a homeless man who was well known around town.

He's got oil to sell, and we've got gas guzzlers to keep rolling.
His oil is expensive, but we are desperate for it. 

No one expects entrepreneurs to do the production work.
The most successful entrepreneurs focused on the production work at the start of their careers.

Technology to me has its good points and its bad points.
To me, technology has pros and cons, but young people think differently.

Each has implemented management changes in response to the challenges they face, including implementing strategies to empower and involve employees.
Production has increased with the new management implementations.

France's cathedrals, museums, and palaces deserve your attention, but they'll be much easier to appreciate if you alternate them with time at the beach or on country walks.
France has too many cathedrals, museums and palaces.

but yeah it's it's it's kind of forced on you because you suffer a penalty
There is nothing you can do about it.

he'll come in mama i think the ghost is in the house mama i hear it
The ghost that he thinks is there was from a television show late at night.

Others are quietly smirking, ready for the kill.
Others smirked with joy over the person and waited

These trends also contribute to a huge, longer-range fiscal and budgetary challenge facing the United States.
Longer-range fiscal proved to beneficial.

that's exactly right and they don't realize that that it's it's all onesies and the onesies all add up
Onesies can really cost a lot of money.

With an added dash of cruelty--you sit in a chicken and eat a chicken.
You should never ever be cruel to animals, that's horrible.

It's no wonder that crazy people love  Exley did more with less than any writer I can think of.
Exley had limited resources and/or money.

One such place is Malibu Pier, a popular spot for fishing.
Malibu Pier is popular even among foreign fishermen.

She saw me and I was struck by her beauty, or maybe it was the wine in my blood and the way her corset held her breasts up.
She was the most beautiful woman I'd seen.

The Fondation Angladon-Dubrujeaud (5 Rue Laboureur) presents an exceptional private art collection including many 19th- and 20th-century masterpieces by the likes of Picasso, C??zanne, Van Gogh, Modigliani, Manet, and Degas.
The collection is an exquisite one to see.

Four decades after it exploded, tourism on the islands overheated, leaving in its ashes a forest of massive, block-booked hotels and beach-hugging villa communities with few discernible ties to Spain'places lined with German bier halls, English fish  n' chips joints, and low-rent bars and discos.
Spanish culture on the islands is in decline and English has become the primary language.

Four vigorous lions stand back to back atop a frieze of animals comprising a horse, an elephant, a bull, and a smaller lion, each of them separated by a Wheel of Law, resting on the inverted lotus that once connected it to the pillar.
There's a similar display of animals standing atop each other next to it.

I would lure Lincoln onto this train with the promise of capturing White.
I would tell Lincoln we'd capture White and get the reward.

From the ferry docking station on the west bank, head to the nearby ticket office where you can purchase tickets for all the separate archaeological sites.
There are a number of ferry docking stations.

A desk, with a window looking out onto nothing in particular.
Outside of the window was a field that went as far as the eye could see.

If necessary, the invoice was adjusted to reflect the items actually received and accepted.
The initial invoice showed three extra items that hadn't been received.

Dave made no protest.
Dave was cornered and made no attempt to protest.

When I was interested in picking up the new smash hit Unreal , I went to eBay and saw that over the past month some 70 or so copies of that game had been auctioned for about $22 each.
I wanted to get the new hit "Unreal" so I bought it for $25 on ebay.

Critics point out that John Kennedy was an inexperienced pilot, took off after sunset, wasn't licensed to fly in the poor visibility he encountered Friday, flew the more dangerous route over water, and never contacted air traffic controllers for assistance.
John Kennedy should have contacted an air traffic controller for assistance as he flew over a dangerous route on Friday as he did not have experience pointed out the critics.

electronics industry
Computer chip industry.

With the sun gone and the stars rocking into dizzy new configurations, there was no night or day, nor any way to guess the passage of time.
With the sun gone, it was dark and cold in this world.

To get their message across, the central security groups used a variety of training and promotional techniques to make organizational policies readily accessible, educate users on these policies, and keep security concerns in the forefront of users' minds.
Users have proved to be very receptive to the training and awareness programs carried out.

oh me either
Yeah I love eggs too.

I had the impression of a steel curtain coming down and blotting out the real woman. 
I imagined a steel curtain coming down from the sky.

Here's a tip,  failure to attribute phrasing means plagiarism.
All phrasing that hasn't been attributed to a source is plagiarism.

It was locked or bolted on the inside.
It had a lock from the inside that could only be opened with a keycode.

The tax is recognized as a nonexchange revenue by the entity that is legally entitled to the amount.
Nonexchange revenue is revenue that cannot be transferred.

The region immediately southeast of Rome is known locally as the Cetelli Romani (Roman Castles) for the fortified hilltop refuges built during the medieval civil wars.
The medieval hilltop refuges were eventually burned down.

That would reflect a jump in its current finding of about one-third.
This data analysis has been peer reviewed by multiple agencies.

yeah it makes it nice for gardening when it's when it's like that because we can grow a lot of things even through the winter that uh y'all can't grow we can start i can start a garden in July i've done that and and plant some of the uh
I can grow all the plants you can grow as well as some more that you can't.

On the advantages side, several considerations are relevant.
They have to make a decision.

and losing one run games
They lost the baseball game by a run.

well that's nice uh-huh that's good
Never expected it to be that nice actually.

These for sale? 
These look really expensive.

Ankara may be the official capital of modern Tur?­key, but Istanbul remains the country's largest city, most important commercial centre, and busiest port, producing more than one-third of Turkey's man?­u?­?­?­facturing out?­?­put.
Ankara is the second largest city in Turkey.

oh they're just not um once they get into junior high they just not done anymore
Those things are childish. 

and that was so nice but we didn't have that luxury so we were dragging the the sprinkler around everywhere and uh
The sprinklers were just too expensive for us to us.

History teaches few practical lessons, but here it may have a small one to  Larry Cockell, call your agent.
There is nothing to learn from history, other than for Larry Cockell.

yeah that was uh pretty suspenseful
That movie was quite nerve-wrecking.

However, tourism has begun to alter this long-standing scenario.
Tourism has changed the scenario for the better.

No not on the bed.
On the floor.

The duke didn't like the smell of the bridge's original butcher shops and had them replaced by goldsmiths and jewelers, whose descendants offer you their high-quality wares This is some of Italy's finest window shopping.
The shops owned by descendants of the original butcher shops are now situated on an adjacent street.

Stores do not open until 10am or later, but shopping goes on into the evening, up to 9:30pm.
Stores do not open very early due to the need to restock and prepare for shoppers.

 Thus, violently, in August 1235, both Christianity and the Catalonian language came to Ibiza to stay.
Violence was also how Christianity and the Catalonian language maintained their status in Ibiza.

we probably you know maybe go out like once a week on the weekend usually with friends or something we kind of go out um not always you know sometimes we cook the meal at home and have people in
We go out about once a week and on the weekend with some friends, usually to the same place.

Although this rule was promulgated by the Commodity Credit Corporation (the organization that funds the Environmental Quality Incentives Program), it was filed with us by the Natural Resources Conservation Service (the organization whose personnel administer the program).
The Commodity Credit Corporation likes to distribute its wealth to the poor.

Some weeks before, Nash had declined a University of Chicago offer of an endowed chair on the grounds that he was scheduled to become the emperor of Antarctica.
Nash was an eccentric but, lovable figure in his community.

Diseases contracted in early infancy can have a lifetime impact on health--not necessarily a big one, but an impact nevertheless.
Diseases contracted in infancy have a big impact lasting a lifetime.

But not Fox News Sunday 's Jim Angle, who reports, Jiang went toe-to-toe with Bill Clinton, the smoothest talker in the Western world.
Jim Angle has worked for Fox News Sunday for three years.

yeah that has its plusses for sure
The race car definitely have its pluses.

Associate it more with a man."
Associate it with a man who is in his early 40s.

The right to invoke Executive Privilege rests with the President, and Presidents have had different procedures for asserting it.
Not all Presidents have invoked Executive Privilege.

Its name, Peak of the Torch, is taken from the warning beacons that were lit here in the days when French and Algerian pirates posed a threat to the island.
The beacons proved to be highly successful.

The sky seems to indicate the planets favor teleportation now.
The planets are in an arrangement that can allow teleportation

What really has changed is that many voters in many countries have decided that traditional left-of-center policies (e.g.
Voters in Canada have exhibited the most change out of all countries reviewed.

Specifically, they must determine 
Precisely, the must specify.

i wouldn't turn you down either i'll give you one
I wouldn't think about turning you down even though I want to. 

The documents had to be retained for specified periods and be stored under certain procedures in accordance with Title 8, Records Management, of GAO's PolicyandProceduresManual.
The documents were kept secret since they held personal information.

you know after a while you make some stuff then you start looking at it go boy this this is kind of ugly
It is hard to make stuff and feel that it is beautiful.

uh-huh and then also after you know they can find out whenever their prescription ends and then find out you know how long it will take for that to be out of their system and then test them again
If there is still too much of the drug in their system they will need to be retested

Even more devastating was the 587 b.c. invasion by the Nebuchadnezzar-led Babylonians.
The Babylonian invasion was crucial in establishing Nebuchadnezzar's dominance. 

After the review was published, Science received a flood of angry telephone calls and letters, according to the editor in question, Katherine Livingston.
The review was for a popular herbal medicine that was shown to be poisonous.

The NEP goals of increasing energy supplies, accelerating the protection and improvement of the environment, and increasing our nation's energy supply must be advanced.
The improvement of the environment should be the main goal of the NEP.

The specific risk analysis methodology used can vary by agency because of differences in agencies' missions and the difficulty in qualitatively and quantitatively assigning risk levels.
The risk analysis method that is used is different for every agency because big organizations have different methods than small.

Three venues regularly put on Israeli folklore shows.
Because there are three venues available, there are fewer crowds.

uh-huh for anything else i'll put the car up on jack stands
I like my jack stands quite a bit. 

The king of Leinster invited Richard de Clare, known as  Strongbow,  to come to Ireland to help him reclaim his kingdom (Strongbow's tomb can be seen in Christ Church Cathedral).
The king of Leinster knew that he'd have an easier time reclaiming his kingdom with Strongbow's help.

But we nailed him in Antwerp ”thanks to Mr. Poirot here." As these friendly reminiscences were being indulged in, I drew nearer, and was introduced to Detective-Inspector Japp, who, in his turn, introduced us both to his companion, Superintendent Summerhaye. 
He was hard to catch.

This will take you through the town of Brampton and on to the village of Greenhead.
The village of Greenhead is close to the town of Brampton.

Rural Delivery and the Universal Postal Service , A Quantitative Investigation.
A Quantitative Investigation into Rural Delivery and the Universal Postal Service and Public Perceptions.

Still, I guess we'll leave it like that.
Still, I guess we will not touch it.

Ease of  Some brands offer smooth, even flow from the tube; others do not.
There is a variety of tubes available with different flow levels.

The Utah Beach museum and monument are 5 km (3 miles) inland from La Madeleine, near Sainte-Marie-du-Mont.
Although the museum and the monument are both 3 miles inland from La Madeleine, they are on opposite sides of one another.

: Moore and Bailey both said this isn't true.
Moore and Bailey tried to convince others of their belief.

He makes TV commercials in London.
Although he started in the U.S., his career brought him to London, making television commercials there.

But let's begin at Amber, 9 km (5 miles) northeast of Jaipur, high up on a hill commanding a gorge, which offered military advantage but was not right for the expanded city he wanted for his capital.
Military was offered at Amber and perhaps in some regards, this could have worked for the expanded city for his capital.

Your hotel or the Tourist Information Ceter will have information on the Studio Park guided tour of the NHK soundstages.
The area's tourism is based on guided tours of the NHK soundstages.

But what is the argument against putting the Supreme Court in a glass-walled, street-level studio, cranking up the theme music, hiring a second-tier comic to warm up the gallery, and...
There is an argument against the Supreme Court being in a modern building because that does not fit its image.

It is also a comfort if the message comes from a total stranger, as long as the message is for you specifically and personally and not for a name on a mailing list.
Some people would prefer to get the message from someone they did not know.

The fairy-tale stone walls (murallas) protecting Sevila, one of the great images of medieval Spain, are rather too from afar, they make the city look like a Castilian Disneyland.
The fairy-tale walls are covered in glitter.

Let's  He is married, they have no business reasons to get together, the whole office is chirping about their lengthy closed-door meetings, they whisper, leave to have lunch together, and you think there is no more than a flirtation.
He is married and everyone has seen that he is having an affair.

Duvalier went with exile to France, Noriega went with prison, and Brezhnev, I believe, is now a privately owned cement factory near Sverdlovsk.
Duvalier, with the benefit of hindsight, made the best decision out of the three.

and oh i hate to hazard a guess uh i'm trying to go through and see who's got who uh i'd say the Raiders but i doubt it i think they're going to be next year
i want to guess the raiders, but i don't think they'll be able to pull it off

'Of course,' Lincoln said.
Lincoln told the person they were welcome to join them.

you know i was real embarrassed but i felt kind of stupid
I was embarrassed about falling and felt stupid.

They've got her.
There have her and will not release her.

Their authorized stay in the United States depends upon the terms of their employment contract
Employment contracts must be filed with the United States State Department.

Reed, on the other hand, will see his credibility increase.
Reed will have an increase in credibility due to the fastidiousness of his work. 

Other efforts focus on how to increase pro bono representation of both eligible clients and potential clients in need of service provided by the federally funded statewide program, and to locate providers for services that may not be available from the recipient of LSC funds.
Other efforts try to increase pro bono representation for clients who are below the poverty line.

The loggia at the tower's base is a chapel (Cappella di Piazza) marking the city's deliverance from the plague of 1348.
The Cappella di Piazza was built to remember those lost in the plague.

Some companies offer other sorbent-based methods for reduction of mercury emissions; however, the equipment used is very similar in scope to the equipment used for ACI.
Sorbent-based methods are the best methods for reducing mercury emissions.

Moreover, redirecting trust fund surpluses into the private market (which is what the Moynihan-Kerrey plan essentially does) has one large potential advantage--when the time comes to redeem the securities, the money should really be there.
If a plan redirects surpluses into the private market, the money will be there.

At least one intelligent man lived in your world, I'm pleased to know.
I guess not everyone was stupid. 

In the months that followed the publication of the proposed rule and during the comment period, the FDA made available to the public over 200,000 pages of documents which were cited by the agency or considered in the promulgation of the rule.
During the comment period, the FDA had over 200,000 pages made available to the public which resulted in the server crashing.

and always thought you know that being raised in the midwest you really didn't see any crimes really any more heinous than uh shoplifting
I was raised in the Midwest which is pretty wholesome. Most of the crimes in our town were minor.

For example, some households live paycheck-to-paycheck and might spend all of a tax cut, whereas other households might spend only a portion; a Ricardian household might save all of a tax cut in anticipation of future tax increases.
The government is considering enacting a tax cut.

Newsweek publishes obits for the victims of this annus horribilis . Deng Xiaoping and Willem de Kooning get a paragraph each
The obits are completely satirical.

A summary of the notice was published in the Federal Register (60 Fed.
The summary of the notice was one page long.

The bout is usually over in one or two minutes, sometimes mere seconds, but the intensity of the struggle and the sheer visual drama make for compelling entertainment.
The fans always cheer loudly as the struggle continues.

yep so i guess it it is to your advantage to either not have friends like that or take a little course in
You should probably have a few close friends.

I stared at White in shock.
White might have shocked me

The story, however, must be backed with evidence.
This story has evidence to prove it if you search for it.  

The hand she lifted was cold as ice… .
The hand was ice cold because the person was dead.

I remembered that Ben Franklin probably wouldn't have a reason to look incredulous, and wound my expression down to merely 'curious.'
I tried to blend in and changed my expression.

Program visits allow staff to monitor program developments, to learn about problems, and to develop new strategies for expanding access and enhancing quality.
They wanted them to see the value of having their programs monitored.

Downward subsidy reestimates for post-1991 direct loans and loan guarantees.
These loans were used to purchase houses and business equipment.

Cromwell's forces then invaded Scotland, crushed the Covenanter army, and went on to take Edinburgh.
The Covenanter army fought hard against Cromwell's forces. 

They'll never find it.'
They will never find the thing I threw into the hole.

For example, it formats printouts for two or three columns a page, thus saving even more paper.
The formatting will save you $5 a month in paper.

You're going to need to ask for his help.
If he doesn't help you, you might die.

and uh  it's i think they're they're like all companies well represented and uh you know everything seems to be fine i i've kind of lost touch with the company we had a falling out but uh
The company is doing well, despite us falling out over an issue they had

Mostly people with space-ships have disintegrator guns.
People who own disintegrators tend to have the biggest space-ships.

Makes me laugh.
The look of them makes me laugh.

These are terrific grounds for deciding to further test substances culled from nature--some of which will surely prove valuable.
These are the best grounds for deciding to test the substances.

For one thing there is a likelihood of the pace being forced." Tuppence frowned uncomprehendingly.
The quicker the pace, the better off we will be.  

that and then you know the laptop that's how i guess they really stuck it on a disk the teacher you know with no answers and they could take it like that and then just print it out in fax and it would be okay because you can put it on a you know on diskette
My laptop will be able to read the data.

The carpet bucked, and the girl began speaking to it urgently.
The young girl began to speak to the red carpet.

They bind his soul into that, and in some ways he's almost human.
He uses a cloaking device to transform his appearance.

A milliwarhol , or about nine-tenths of a second of fame, might appropriately be named after the tyke whose rescue became a brief focus of attention last summer after he fell through the hole of an outhouse.
Nine tenths of a second of fame is often called a milliwarhol.

First-Novel Roundup : Time and the Wall Street Journal award measured praise to Lives of the Monster Dogs , by Kirsten Bakis (Farrar, Straus and Giroux), and Fugitive Pieces , by Anne Michaels (Knopf).
They praised the first book because it had the word dog in the title.

seems to have helped him though popularity wise
seems to have made the common people like him better, though

Your psyche-profile's pretty transparent.
It's pretty clear that you believe he is wrong.

They will not want us but they may need us.
They may need us even though they will not want us to help them with the battle.

The sailors all laugh, and one calls out, Look who's talking!
The sailors were making rude remarks.

Pooh has now sold more than 20 million books, most of them in the United States.
Pooh is one of the best selling books.

I never do,"Nye replied.
It's something I never feel the need to do, said Nye.

oh we do we do we do it we really do
We truly believe that there is need for more gun control.

However, without proper safeguards, this widespread interconnectivity poses enormous risks to our computer systems and, more importantly, to the critical operations and infrastructures they support.
The proper safeguards are expensive to obtain. 

You now find it completely plausible that she herself smeared her lipstick, untucked her blouse, etc.
She is not as innocent as she says that she is. 

'You're giving me orders now?'
He ordered me to go and tell them to fuck off.

To successfully carry out its responsibilities to the Congress and the American people, GAO first and foremost must be perceived as credible and must lead by example.
Reputation is important, a bad one will mean nobody will trust GAO.

Most of the couture houses are concentrated on the Right Bank close by the rue du Faubourg-St-Honore (just le Faubourg to regular shoppers) and classier avenue Montaigne where designers Christian Lacroix, Chanel, Calvin Klein, Hermas, Christian Dior, Yves Saint Laurent, and Versace have shops.
The Right Bank is also home to many retired French politicians.

because i've been like waiting like for about ten minutes to get connected to somebody yeah
I've been on hold with Dish network for 10 minutes already. 

Legend says that long afterward the Virgin Mary brought her infant son's clothes here to wash them.
Mary was a virgin but managed to have a son.

The hubbub of New Orleans was too much for them and they settled into the surrounding countryside.
Their leader believed that the countryside was their best alternative.

Come on, boy! Drew's urging was lost in the wild shouting of the spectators.
Nevertheless, the horse leaped forward.

Incorporated in its structure are fragments of medieval and Renaissance architecture and sculpture.
The structure has big heavy beams that make you think of medieval times.

uh it's not as bad as i remembered especially going to college and living in apartments there you know how noisy that can be
It's particularly quiet on Thursday evenings and I have no idea why.

Our lesson for today,  Brand is everything--go to Stanford if you can.
Stanford is the best Ivy there is,.

Memo to  Check out Page 12 of this week's Star . Where did you get that tip--from a rump reading?
You accidentlly butt texted yourself a memo to check out page 12 in star magazine 

Lockheed helped build the Hubble Telescope--no surprise, really, given how it performed initially--and the space shuttle.
The Hubble Telescope was Lockheed's first creation.

The court was encouraged to come every day to witness the monarch's rising from bed and moment of retirement.
The monarch likes to be watched by the court.

uh-huh well at least you can plan you can say well uh i'm going to go to the beach next Wednesday and you'll know that it's going to be hot enough to go
My family and I are going to go to the beach on Wednesday.

To be fair, Wright is talking about sleeping with a newborn infant, before the age when weaning would naturally become an issue.
Wright approves of sleeping with babies. 

He closed his eyes as the woman's screams turned into wet gasping.
The woman was screaming in pain.

OURS, so there!"
We recently obtained it. 

Just because an organization drops off the cover of Vanity Fair or People or the Saturday Evening Post doesn't mean it has ceased to exist.
Organizations usually sponsor magazines to write articles about them.

'I said go ahead,' Lincoln repeated.
he said to go ahead with it and then don't do it again. 

This evolution in the CIO role is also reflected by the introduction of variant leadership positions in information management (i.e.
The official CIO job description for Apple has changed as new leadership roles are created within the IM department. 

Listen." And I then told him of the coco sample which Poirot had taken to be analysed. 
The coco sample was being tested for toxins.

they want the money so they're going to
They're going to have to work for it.

And thank you for your kind words.
I am actually lying to you, and do not appreciate you at all.

With $4 billion, Ross Perot can avoid party ties and just run for president.
Ross Perot's wealth will make it easier for him to run for president. 

have y'all been able to do much as a family these days
I know you have been busy lately.

Then on to Radda, where you should peep in at the Piccolo Museo del Chianti, and to Gaiole in Chianti, one of the best centers for tasting and a place to linger.
The Piccolo Museo del Chianti opens at 9 am.

Also with a visit is the Museo de Arqueologica, on the Calle Gran Via Alfonso, which traces the history of the region from Roman times.
The Museo de Arqueologica is the most popular destination in the entire region.

There is considerable uncertainty as to whether the 26 studies on the value of a statistical life provide adequate estimates of the value of a statistical life saved by air pollution reduction.
The uncertainty depends on a variety of factors out of human control.

that's right that one about the gypsies or that hunger or something uh
There's two about the gypsies actually.

You'll find a Royal Palace dating back to the 15th century and two Parliament buildings, one left powerless in 1707 and the other newly empowered in 1999.
The Royal palace hasn't been inhabited by royalty in over 50 years.

Leaning on anecdotal evidence, the LAT says in a front piece that California's most severely ill mental patients get sufficient care only after actual or near catastrophes.
Severely ill mental patients in California often lack the funds required to treat their disease.

Physical Control Over Vulnerable Assets
Assets are controllable 

and then it's done completely done
It had a chance before, but not anymore.

most of it most of it's in pretty good shape
There are some parts of it that are in bad shape.

Some pursued strategic planning initiatives.
They used different planning initiatives.

Half measures are inevitable.
This is due to a corresponding budget cut of approximately 51%, taken from the state's previously allocated funds toward the Environmental Protection Agency. 

It is the rate used to credit interest to the dividend fund, and against which experience is measured to determine the amount of the interest portion of dividends paid to individual policyholders.
Individual policyholders need to file taxes on dividend earnings. 

Empty platforms still show where temples once stood.
The empty platforms were the idea of one individual.

For those who still have some energy left after a night of revels, there is also a New Year's Day triathlon.
If you still have energy after the night before you can join the New Year's triathlon.

Others point to Waas' supposedly shoddy reporting of a Pulitzer Prize-nominated article on arms sales to Iraq that he co-wrote for the Los Angeles Times . There is no evidence that the pair repeated any of these alleged sins in their reporting on Hale.
They committed the sins and put in a massive amount of effort in hiding the evidence. 

Stein's story of their origin out of a trunk hidden in a desert cave was most intriguing.
Stein told many similar stories before, but people trusted him, because he was rich.

so look into that bit the year that they graduate you know before though you know while they're graduating there's all kinds of little bitty money that little clubs will give away churches and everything and they don't even have a dozen applicants because uh uh the kids are going off after the big money
small clubs and churches will award students small scholarships for college

The square was deserted.
All the people had left the square.

This is for a combination of reasons taken  (a) the unemployment compensation system--including the system of taxes, the system of benefits, and the trust fund--was established by the Social Security Act of 1935 and has been amended by Federal law many times; (b) deposits are held in a trust fund operated by the U.S.
Since it is over 80 years old, the tax system should be revised.

Columbia/HCA managers had targets of 15 percent to 20 percent annual growth in charges.
The management's prediction did not come to fruition.

It could be the tonic you need.
It might be the drink you need to make you happy.

It seems odd not to have merely waited until tomorrow to report rather than wonder.
There was no sense of urgency.

Suazo, who represented Salt Lake's urban and diverse District 2, was admired by his Senate colleagues for his tireless efforts for equal access to justice for all of Utah's citizens.
Suazo represents Salt Lake's second district in the state Senate.

But the real hope for ending the AIDS epidemic is not expensive drug therapies.
Drug therapies are not affordable for poorer AIDS victims.

oh absolutely when i you know when you talk about the deal like i got yeah yeah it would be cheaper uh especially if it were a paid move or something you know there's some paid moves occasionally
Did you have to pay for it this time?

The real polity, like the real economy, ought to be what counts.
The popular vote and the economy ought to be the things that matter most.

Enthusiastic war-supporters like D'Annunzio, who captured the popular imagination by flying over Vienna to drop propaganda leaflets, were acclaimed as patriots, while democrats and pacifist republicans were dismissed as defeatists.
Supporters were looked up to.

Thorn smiled and clapped Adrin on the back.
Thorn and Adrin were good friends.

Then a single word came out.
The word was "quizzleborp", and it caused great confusion.

The council hides under their own skirts.
The council are afraid to make drastic changes.

Head over ears."
They are deeply in debt.

This risk is exacerbated because, when systems are interconnected to form networks or are accessible through public telecommunication systems, they are much more vulnerable to anonymous intrusions from remote locations.
The risk is exacerbated because systems are vulnerable when they are accessed publicly through public servers.

In fiscal year 2000, it provided health care assistance to an estimated 33 million persons, at a cost of about $118.
43 million people required health care assistance in 2001.

The reader should be able to judge from the information that is given in the case study report how credible the conclusions are in terms of the appropriateness and completeness of information sources.
The information given in the case study is extensive and detailed.

The product itself won't be in stores until summer, so it's way too early to know how the shaving public will respond.
The product itself won't be in stores until summer, so it's way too early to know how well the shaving product will be received.

GAGAS incorporate the AICPA's field work and reporting standards and the related statements on the standards for financial audits unless specifically excluded, as discussed in chapters 4 and 5. GAGAS incorporates the AICPA's general standard on criteria, and the field work and reporting standards and the related statements on the standards for attestation engagements, unless specifically excluded, as discussed in chapter 6. To meet the needs of users of government audits and attestation engagements, GAGAS also prescribe additional requirements to those provided by the AICPA for these types of work.
There are users prefer the consistency in standards between AICPA and GAGA.

His popularity is said to be at an all-time low.
He is not very popular right now because he has gotten fat.

The Los Angeles Zoo, on the northeastern side of the park, harbors more than 400 different species of animals, birds and reptiles, grouped according to their continental region.
The Los Angeles zoo is one of the biggest zoos on the west coast.

Methodologies that work in the emergency department come from deciding what is feasible in that environment and adapting interventions that have been shown effective in other clinical settings.
Methodologies that work in the ED rely on data that has been gathered in 100 different hospitals over 5 years.

Early FGD systems were designed with separate quenching, or prescrubber, systems to cool the flue gas coming off the particulate control device.
FGD systems are expensive.

Into the 21st Century
Leaving the 20th century.

The image acted as a sort of ancient lie detector, as it was said that anyone failing to tell the truth before it would bleed to death.
The locals tell tales of two brothers that died after lying.

From the restored Uma Maheshwar Temple at the highest point, there is a fine view of the valley and two stone elephants with spikes on their backs to prevent kids from playing mahout.
You can hike to the temple at the peak in under an hour.

Among the prettiest is Marathokambos, nestling in the shadow of Mount Kerkis.
Mount Kerkis is one of the only places you can find Marathokambos.

Police recently arrested two other top politicians and raided the headquarters of the French Socialist Party in connection with bribes from another defense firm.
Bribes are a major problem in France.

uh school activities and my my boy was in hockey
My son started playing hockey when he was very young.

The startup phase, sometimes called commissioning, begins with occupancy of the facility by its user.
The startup phase, that can be called comissioning, is the most important phase in the life cycle of a company.

yeah uh i'm in Raleigh North Carolina
I'm in North Carolina. 

Ribs, fins and flanges lined the hips of the beast- it was just about possible to clamber along.
The enormous shark had an exterior set of ribs, 5 fins and flanges lining its hips. 

a 1395ww(d)(4)(C), requires the Secretary to annually adjust the weights and classifications for the diagnosis related groups to which Medicare beneficiaries' hospital stays may be assigned.
The Secretary can also decide at which hospital a patient may stay.

A detailed discussion of the Commission's consideration of these comments is considered in the full text of the Report and Order.
The Report and Order is made available at any time of the day.

 Then why hadn't the shell melted?
Why didn't the black shell melt?

uh-huh right right but it it's going to be a while i think but
It's going to be a while but no more than three hours i think.

Unless otherwise noted, hotels take all major credit cards.
Hotels do not accept checks as payment.

I felt I had suddenly strayed into another world. 
Everything had changed.

I need to be my own spin doctor.
I need to be my own spin doctor so I fix the narrative.

The goal was to focus executive directors on the fundamentals of planning for client-centered, comprehensive, integrated statewide justice communities.
The focus of the executive directors was narrowed down since it had been too broad previously.

you know there's absolutely no ozone protection whatsoever in Australia in the last in the years of the shuttle the uh uh the skin cancer and and other you know uh cancers in Australia have gone up you know so mething like like six thousand percent
The shuttle program worsened the ozone protection problem in Australia.

you know but you know but because i know some of the stuff like that one Judith Krantz made that one they did that one really they did okay but i liked the book better
Judith Krantz directed an okay movie, but deviated too far from the source material.

Monica then used the dress as a bargaining chip to guarantee her full immunity, even though she knew there was nothing on it.
Monica was in court.

oh it just comes down when it wants to
The dog comes down when it wants to

even women who do stay home to raise families i think that they are still thought of as equals in in the role you know as far as the role in the family and society goes
I think that women who stay at home to raise families are crucial to family and society.

just get grass to grow i know
Get grass to grow by using potassium and fertilizers

Following the avant-garde lead of big sister Guadeloupe, Saint-Martin has introduced a nudist beach.
Saint-Martin introduced a nudist beach in hopes to attract more tourists. 

yes i'm actually a Met's fan i'm i'm one of these people who's actually a die hard Met fan and an avid Yankee hater
I'm a Mets fan for baseball but Bulls for basketball.

These are the seven swords.
These seven swords are made of pure silver. 

We thank them for their willingness to participate in our study, for the valuable information and insights they provided, and for their hospitality.
Without their hospitality and insight, we wouldn't have been able to complete our study.

yeah and when you say but we're in college uh we're in graduate school we can't afford that you know they they say well how about twenty seven well how about ten you know yeah so
We are broke because we are spending all our time studying in graduate school and not working a job.

A tunnel has been excavated along the entire western side of the Temple Mount, so that visitors can see the extent of the Western Wall.
The excavation of the tunnel along the western side of the Temple Mount took three years to complete.

Look for the word orijinal on the poster this means that the film will be shown in its original language, with Turkish subtitles; otherwise it has been dubbed.
Most films are shown in their original languages with subtitles in Turkish.

When computer-processed data are used by the auditor, or included in the report, for background or informational purposes and are not significant to the auditors' findings, citing the source of the data and stating that they were not verified will satisfy the reporting standards for accuracy and completeness set forth in this statement.
Auditors use computer-processed data for drafting a budget.

Workpaper Access GAO will grant Members, upon their written request, access to its workpapers at the GAO site or will provide copies of selected workpapers only after a product has been made publicly available.
A written request will allow access to its workpapers, which will be provided in a nice binder.

If we assume that all cost segments other than street delivery vary with volume, the value of scale is about 17 percent of the total cost at the United Kingdom's volume and coverage levels.
Street delivery accounts for ten percent of the total cost.

Among its many responsibilities, OPM receives tens of thousands of federal employee claims for retirement and insurance benefits each year.
Federal employees care about their finances so they send claims to OPM. 

well when we came back what used to be our flower beds were solid Saint Augustine  we had to we had to dig it out  and the second tenant when we went to the Philippines the second tenant he had two little girls
Our flower beds had been ruined by weeds.

now i work and i live in the city so that sort a kind of hung it up i have a few flowers but most of mine are like in barrels and things like that
I'd love a bigger garden, but don't have the space.

so i don't know how you resolve that you know i also i mean i think that our i think that our schools look a lot worse nowadays
i've got some ideas on how to make our schools look better

17 Prior to that, the Postal Service randomly sampled a much larger cross section of its routes over the course of a year.
The random samples were not as effective as they were hoping. 

These individual advertisements could each be a stand-alone insert.
The advertisements are sometimes standalone.

I didn't even see how small he was until he was dead.
I didn't realize how small the child was until he was shot dead. 

Hearty portions of Israeli meat are served here, with lamb and veal dishes prominent on the menu.
They serve big portions of meat and are famous for their veal.

Cynthia nodded. 
Cynthia knew it would be a good idea.

Building shell efficiencies in scenario B are assumed to improve by about 50 percent faster than in scenario A.
Scenario B contains more ideal conditions than scenario A.

The Handbook of  101 Poems of Lost Love and Sorrow is an anthology published by Morrow.
Morrow published The Handbook of 101 Poems of Lost Love and Sorrow, and now there are many editions of it.

no but he will be
No, but he will be able to eventually after he heals. 

All right, then, if you thought I was dead, what are you doing here, Nema?  "I felt the compulsion begin even before I returned to the city.
What made you come back, after you had left?

Have you any reason to believe that your mistress was likely to take a sleeping powder last night?"
Did your mistress take upon herself a sleeping drought in your bed last night?

I'm no reproductive rights attorney, but if this isn't overtly promoting infanticide as a form of population control, it's coming awfully close.
Infanticide is a form of population control and is being advocated by pro-choice groups.

There are a few opponents of corporate welfare who don't instinctively exempt their own oxen from being gored.
Few opponents don't extempt their own oxen from being gored, said the article.

Today, some wary adults are reluctant to lift a thirsty tot to a playground drinking fountain, lest they be viewed with alarm.
Some people over 35 years of age do not let their child drink from the drinking fountain.

Moriah, the high point at the northern end of the city.
Moriah it at the northern end of Greece.

This would allow an estimate of the effect on international postage rates of shifting to domestic postage-based terminal dues in the exchange of mail between industrialized countries.
China and the United States are examples of industrialized countries.

Not all graduates will be able to scrounge for the years it may take to build a clientele, nor should they.
Most graduates take at least three years to build a clientele.

National Environmental Policy Act of 1969.
The first National Environmental Policy Act enacted into law

The information contained in audit documentation constitutes the principal record of the work that the auditors have performed and the conclusions that the auditors have reached.
The information in the audit includes the work the auditors did, detailed in a table for each location.

They left, fading into the crowds of peasants and beggars.
The royal family left the peasants to suffer and die. 

Purposive Sample Instances appropriately selected to answer different evaluation questions, on various systematic bases, such as best or worst practices; a judgmental sample.
They did not want to have a bias with the sample.

Clothes and Malaysian arts and crafts have replaced the fish, meat, and vegetables that used to be sold here, but the fine old marble counters have not been touched.
The items sold on the streets have changed, but the counters are the same.

The Cyclades and the Sporades island chains were also included in this new state.
The new state included several territories that were previously unrelated.

being an average for several projects.
The average amount of staff at each project is 30. 

The final rule eliminates installment payments in the auction of the lower 80 and General Category channels in the 800 MHz Specialized Mobile Radio service.
The general category channels have some reserved frequencies.

The best view is from the arch?­bishop's gardens behind the cathedral.
The gardens behind the cathedral are not accessible by the public.

yeah but then she didn't get to go there oh i see
Even though, she didn't get the chance to go inside.

Murder episodes are almost always one hour in length.
Murder episodes are usually 1 hour long because they require longer and more complicated stories.

On the other hand, we're also supposed to envy her, because she violates the restraints we've imposed on ourselves.
She is totally free in life.

One of the most remote tombs, that of Tutmosis III (34), c.1425 b.c. , in the far west of the valley rewards the intrepid wanderer.
It is worth making the trek to the far west of the valley to see the tomb of Tutmosis III.

Most houseboats are moored on Dal Lake, but for those seeking seclusion, there are others on the smaller Nagin Lake to the west.
Most people choose to stay in a houseboat on Dal Lake so they can meet other people.

the stress and the heat the record heat and you know i was worried about every time we came to an intersection that the car started idling rough you know because of the extreme heat
It was one of the hottest periods during that year.

The fat one shouted curses but returned to the smithy as Thorn approached the group.
The man had a foul mouth.

And how would you know? asked Adrin.
Adrin was asking how you knew about the battle.

Carbon and hydrogen.
It used carbon and hydrogen.

Modern human capital management principles recognize that employees are a critical asset for success, and that an organization's human capital policies and practices must be designed, implemented, and assessed by the standard of how well they support the organization's mission and goals.
In earlier times, human capital management principles weren't discussed very much.

I rather wonder you're not there too, Peel Edgerton?
I wonder if you aren't at the school.

But what then? 
What should we do now?

A total contrast to the pretty rolling hills of Derewentwater and Grasmere, it is a stark beauty, though no less alluring.
No trees can be found anywhere on its surface.

Because of the increased accountability associated with government audits, auditors performing financial audits in accordance with GAGAS should consider the following guidance related to audit risk and materiality (see paragraphs 4.26 and 4.27), internal control over safeguarding of assets (see paragraphs 4.28 through 4.33), internal control over compliance (see paragraphs 4.34 through 4.36), and professional judgment concerning possible fraud and illegal acts (see paragraphs 4.37 and 4.39).
All the paragraphs in question are written in a big old book of law with a long and complicated name, and you can get it at any library.

Tin, the basis for the state's wealth, was once taken from diggings that claimed to be the largest such mines in the world.
A lot of tin was sold to other countries during the 20th century.

No, weirdly--killed by the WTO.
It is indeed weird.

What the investment community does like is short-term measures designed to boost share prices.
Long-term measures are liked by the investment community as well.

From Kentucky. Was he unduly suspicious or was there a challenge in the Mexican officer's voice a faint suggestion that the antecedents of both horse and owner were in question?
Kentucky asked those questions to learn more about the target that he was supposed to kill.

yeah well i'll tell you it's interesting because when we cook here i'm of Italian descent my husband is Chinese
We cook a sort of ginger and scallion pasta dish.

i'm not either really
I can't relate to that.

But I don't know if you know that Borys recommended a therapist to me, you know, in case I have heart problems.
The therapist Borys told me about was nearby.

Logically, if emissions continue at the same level, or increase, pollution problems will mirror that trend.
If emissions and pollution increase, global temperatures will as well. 

An essay claims popular culture is now so kid-oriented that kids have no model for mature adulthood.
Popular culture needs to be changed,in order to better teach today's youth.

The tiles are original Iznik faence, with floral designs; the woodwork of the doors and shutters is delicately inlaid with ivory and mother-of-pearl.
The woodwork is wrought in the traditional style.

What are our goals and how will we achieve them?
What is our goal for expanding the city and when do we plan to achieve it by? 

Brief interventions may be used to motivate such patients to seek or accept a referral to more intensive treatment.
To motivate such patiens toseek or accept a referral to more intensive treatment, brief interventions can be used, but not for now.

This book is not a road map for improving the American economy.
The author of this book is Steven King so it should be obvious that it's not a road map for improving the economy. 

I began to get the little queasy feeling that presages something unpleasant approaching from the immediate future.
I felt a little sick when I imagined being in the spotlight in the future.

In the 1990s, northern fiscal conservatives such as Anderson, Tsongas, and Rudman have backed free-trade agreements such as NAFTA.
NAFTA was also backed by southern fiscal conservatives in the 1990s.

that's tough that's tough  well i've enjoyed speaking with you
I would like to talk to you again sometime.

Napoleon wanted it as a temple of glory for his army, but his architect suggested the Arc de Triomphe instead.
Napoleon was open to other proposals, and in the end he chose to go with what his architect chose.

well uh yeah the it it's kind of one more week here i guess and we'll be into uh into the springtime i guess we got another week of winter here just about right we'll be out of the out of the winter and into the springtime and
Spring will be more comfortable than winter time.  

 Not all the slaves got up.
Some of the slaves did not get up because they were too tired.

I tell you it is not what you imagine. 
The job isn't what you are imagining. 

Once home, he might change into a garish velour leisure suit or an elegant yukata (light cotton kimono), the traditional informal attire for both men and women.
Informal attire is all traditional.

On the one hand Chekhov believed that Russian Jews could never be truly Russian; he categorized every new acquaintance as Jew or non-Jew; in his letters, he frequently used a slurring term for Jews.
Chekhov disliked Jews.

The great navigator's remains were returned to Portugal in 1538 but his tombstone can still be seen on the south side of the church, set in the floor with a brass rail.
You can visit his grave, but no bones lie beneath it. 

Perhaps you're right, Dorcas, yes, no, not now. 
I guess you're right, Dorcas, this is not the right time nor the place for that.

We've tried that, and failed, Tommy reminded her.
They had both tried and failed.

Less sophisticated than Ambleside and less commercial than Bowness, it has a simple charm that many visitors find more appealing.
Most visitors come just to walk around the town and feed the ducks.

Perhaps they had.
Maybe the demons had eaten.

Those who already know Italy well will inevitably feel that a few of their favorite spots have been neglected (though they may also be grateful to not have their secret exposed), while they'll find others they never heard of.
People won't be grateful if they have their secrets exposed as it allows people to exploit their favourite spots.

problems are resolved, auditors can obtain an understanding of how well the contractor is performing.
Auditors now can see if an employee should be fired. 

There was no patience for the good old Burkean conceit that legislators should sometimes rise above the wishes of their constituents.
The practice of ignoring constituents by legislators used to be tolerated but is not anymore.

The trickle has suddenly become a torrent.
The trickle became a torrent due to the blockage being removed from the source.

But FYI, the two famous scientists - creators of microhockey were not longer engaged in scientific research - they were simply too wealthy for that.
The scientists that created microhockey in 2002 were billionaires.

Therefore, fees are not recognized as a revenue, a gain, or an other financing source.
Only in China are the fees recognized as a revenue.

i mean i come from the Catholic church and  they they uh are definitely opposed
I was raised in the Catholic church and they teach you not to do that.

It is, in a word, simply beautiful.
It is very nice to look at and very elegant.

The number of participants who were not screened, who refused, who were discharged early, or who were ineligible was large in some studies.
The participants need to agree to participate.

and when it actually comes down they don't have time to think about it
It happens so fast there isn't time to think about it.

cGross nonfederal saving is held constant as a share of GDP at 16.
cGross nonfederal saving is a bank.

You must find what they desire and give it to them.
You should give people everything they want.

King Clovis, the leader of the Franks, defeated the Roman armies at Sois?­sons in 486 and won the allegiance of most Gallo-Romans by converting to Christianity ten years later.
When the King took over, he forced Christianity on the local residents.

retirement contributions for low- and moderate-income families.
Low- and moderate-income families need help with retirement contributions.

An economic impact analysis is included with the Regulatory Impact Analysis at 62 Fed.
The Regulatory Impact Analysis at 62 Fed is a legislation that was enacted in 2012 by the United States Government under an executive order.

Fenner, a wide grin splitting his beard, bellowed: "That shore was a race!
He continued, "I've never seen a race like that before!"

REPORTING REQUIREMENTS
I will send you the requirements for reporting.

who deserts to go help his brother's wife who got who became a widow because he was selling drugs
His brother died while he was selling drugs to someone.

If you stand facing the tomb with your back to the Katholikon, the Franciscan Chapel of Mary Magdalene is on your right.
There tomb is quite close to the chapel.

So the first qualification is knowing what the heck a C SQL jockey is.
Many people wouldn't qualify, what is a c sq jockey? 

EXPIRED APPROPRIATIONS (ACCOUNTS) - Appropriation accounts in which the balances are no longer available for incurring new obligations because the time available for incurring such obligations has expired.
Expired appropriations are accounts that have balances that aren't available for withdrawal anymore.

The world is really a much safer place now than it was three years ago.
Many technological advancements have resulted in a reduction in crime and therefore a safer world than we live in just three short years ago.

right that's exactly right now they're trained and everything so  let them do it if they want to that's that's the way it is in a lot of jobs you know like the firemen you know for a long time they thought stuff like that you know trying to be firemen policemen and stuff like that now they get to be all that
They will probably do a great job, since they are properly trained.

When they got to register number 221 with their fork-lift cart with a trailer, three hours and 59 minutes had passed since they first entered through the gate of hall number 3.
They had spent a long time shopping.

On the  A world in which increasing returns are prevalent is one in which markets are likely to get it wrong.
The A world is an example of how markets can think they're making a good decision, but aren't.

They represent basic principles of good government that transcend administrations, partisan politics, and the issues of the moment.
Basic principles of good government always transcend partisan state politics.

Evans' subsequent attempts to recreate areas of the palace have met with intense criticism from other scholars but Knosses is now Crete's premier attraction and rightly so.
Evans' personally didn't care much for the criticism of other scholars because he knew he was right.

Keeping the peace in the Taiwan Strait must be the United States' top China priority.
The US helped make the Taiwan Straight the most peaceful place in the world.

Funchal is much too restrained for that and, besides, its party is strictly small scale.
Funchal is on the conservative side.

The modular construction offered practically unlimited possible combinations in creating a new character, and several suggested on the back of the box gave a taste of this incredible action-figure adventure: Rambie 3, Winnie the Poohman, Donald Potter, or Atomic Ostrich.
The modular construction offered combinations such as Atomic Ostrich, Donald Potter, and Super Rambo.

A good piece commands a high price.
The prices are directly related to the quality of the piece.

Performances of musical works are regularly held in Cochin's neighboring town of Ernakulam.
You can watch concerts in Cochin.

yeah i mean Rhode Rhode Island's just like a neighborhood compared to you guys down there it's just so so so small
Besides being so small, Rhode Island also lacks that huge stadium you guys have.

His test tube bore a plaque reading: Model Number Two.
He was the 2nd version.

yeah the syndicate yeah they when they'll show one one episode in one channel and like the next day they'll show it on another one
The syndicate is the only way the episode can be shown on more than one channel.

Oh God, get me a drink with some alcohol in it...'
Please get me a beer to drink. 

do they teach them in school right now where she's at about drugs
Do they teach them about drugs in high school?

yeah uh yeah and then during the week you see these women in the you know just because you put on a pair of hose with them doesn't make them not shorts anymore you know
They liked to mix it up when it came to their clothes.

At the Guggenheim SoHo, you can't enter the galleries except through the gift shop.
There are posters all over the gift shop.

After a varied history as town hall, residence, stable, and church, it was saved from plans devised by Louis XIV's minister Colbert to move it stone-by-stone to Versailles.
It was built by salves captured during battle.

Here was confirmation of his theory.
This was the first and only time his theory would be confirmed.

I admit I was caught napping; but somebody else wasn't."
I reckon I was caught napping, not like somebody else, said the student.

Hong Kong currency is widely accepted in Guangzhou, or you can change your currency into RMB (yuan) at any bank or hotel.
American dollars are also widely accepted in Guangzhou.

was to be accomplished and leaving the how to the initiative of project staff.
It was supposed to be accomplished by reordering the priorities of the organization.

We can only be grateful that they can't, that Nichols and McTeer become rather than enact their characters--Olivier's pretending.
Oliver was pretending to be blind the whole time.

That might work.
That may work for you, but not for me.

This is a reasonable approach when processes are new or unique.
The approach was recently discovered.

She had known Alfred Inglethorp only too well. 
At one point, she'd known Alfred Inglethorp only to well, but that was decades in the past. 

or no let's see uh Dick Tracy i did we did see Dick Tracy so that's
Dick Tracy is my favorite comic.

Customer feedback   Identify customer and partner needs and measure their level of satisfaction.
Customer feedback helps find what customers want from a private company.

This program reduced more pollution in the last decade than all other Clean Air Act command-and-control programs combined during the same period.
This program lowered pollution levels more than all the other Clean Air Act programs in 2017.

When Members submit independent requests on the same issue and GAO has not formally accepted the requests, GAO will consult with the Members and their staffs and will merge requests only if the requesters agree.
Special circumstances may allow for the merging of requests, despite not being formally accepted by the GAO.

Such anecdotes are remembered and they are convincing.
These kinds of anecdotes are often inaccurate.

I think nothing. 
I feel cold, numb, and do not consider anything.

Goals, Practices, and Strategies to Consider ??? Make Financial Management an Entitywide Priority ??? Practice 3
Many people fail to recognize things and in the end, they fail. 

The second set of rules,8 apply to Postal Service proposals to implement new services that would supplement, but not alter, existing mail classifications and rates on a provisional basis for a limited time.
The second set of rules target Postal Service proposals to begin new services that would add to mail rates in urban routes.

To get a clear sense of the original, start with the villa's excellent scale model.
The model of the villa is one quarter scale compared to the original villa.  

They had the look of well-read, cherished volumes but no mark of possession.
The books were decades old. 

Even if he remains uncorrupted, the president will be immersed in the concerns only of the wealthy and will lose all feeling for the lives of everyone else.
All presidents become corrupted by the lure of wealth and power.

you need to put that on there seriously
It was meant to be taken seriously.

Crimson drapes.
maroon curtains

There is a tearoom on the premises.
THe tearoom sells sandwiches and donuts.

yeah i guess that's about right
That is close to correct.

As programs change and as agencies strive to improve operational processes and implement new technological developments, management must continually assess and evaluate its internal control to assure that the control activities being used are effective and updated when necessary.
As programs change and agencies seek to improve operations and implement technology, management must assess and evaluate its internal control through observational studies to ensure activities being used are effective and updated.

support because you know it was uh if you read it it only emancipated those who were in areas uh in rebellion against the United States all the other areas which would i think at that time would have included West Virginia and oh may have been Kentucky a few states you know that were not part of the South but still had slaves they didn't emancipate them
Lincoln's Emancipation Declaration was more about the war than the slaves.

For the remaining 10 percent, however, the analysis stated that the program would impose a significant adverse effect in the first year.
The analysis used market data to come to it's conclusion about the program.

yeah yeah like Double O Seven he's supposed to do it
James Bond is MI6 Agent 007.

Boleslaw later repelled invasions from Otto's successor and then sought Poland's own expansion eastward
Boleslaw was successful in his battles with Otto and Otto's successor. 

The woman side-stepped the stab and struck.
The woman struck after side-stepping the warrior's stab.

However, they also said that electronic comments appeared particularly helpful on less controversial rules with technical elements and on which commenter interaction was possible-in essence, a realtime, informal peer review.
Electronic comments seemed helpful to them, but not to many others.

Sure, the FDA's efforts are done in the name of kids.
All the work the FDA justifies is hidden behind kid safety.

The legal problems faced by people living in poverty can result in particularly serious, long-term consequences for children.
Along with the legal problems, there are also very real financial and nutritional problems that children in low-income families have to deal with.

It will be necessary to provide evidence that hiring staff to perform interventions is in the best interests of stakeholders and is fiscally responsible.
When being fiscally responsible, it is necessary to gather financial information.

He never hesitated or faltered. 
He had been looking forward to doing this his whole life. 

and i just i don't need that expense right now plus they eat more and
I can not afford this in the future.  

Thebes reached it peak in the New Kingdom era (c. 1540 1100 b.c. ). By the time the Romans arrived it was already in decline, having lost influence when Assyrian raiders seized control in the seventh century b.c. and the Ptolemaic leaders made their base at Alexandria in the fourth century b.c.
Romans had a great negative impact on the Egyptian civilization from their point of view.

Just as in the private sector, many federal agencies are reluctant to make the investments required in this area [of computer security] because of limited budgets, lack of direction and prioritization from senior officials, and general ignorance of the threat.
Some agencies are not aware of the threat that needs computer security.

Orders for 100 or more copies mailed to a single address are discounted 25 percent.
The address that orders more than 100 copies will pay for 75.

Happily, the restored theater leads a bustling, active life, with a regular schedule of plays and concerts.
Theater leads had a regular schedule of plays and concerts.

We can circle the village and make camp on the south where the bandits will come or we can leave.
They knew the roads around the village very well.

Pass with the ghosts of these nobles and commoners through the drum house to the Diwan-i-Am (Hall of Public Audience).
The drum house is approximately 50 feet by 100 feet.

You should try being gay and living here.
This is a horrible place to live if you're gay.

Yes, that's true. 
It happened. 

The Jerusalem Centre for the Performing Arts (Jerusalem Theatre) at 20 Marcus Street hosts local and foreign productions of theatre, opera, and dance.
Tickets for foreign opera productions are the most expensive.

But they don't change the obsession idea-mongers and contemporary media have with polling.
Contemporary media has an obsession with polling because the public likes to read polls.

Visitors to the Kumbang Hide have seen rare tigers and leopards.
Visitors see many exotic animals.

Personally, I was not sanguine. 
I remained despondent. 

The council of Satheri want you, he said.
The council wanted to discuss the recent attacks.

yeah that area and it's really small all all you have is like towns built around universities like Chapel Hill
I dislike that area, as it is too small and features nothing besides a handful of small towns.

as well as the shape of the person's legs
The person's legs have a thick shape.

On the way, I did pass an increasing number of individuals I recognised from Daniel's hideout.
As I walked from London to Kew, I encountered many of the people I had met at the hideout.

it's not true they have a good supporting cast
They have a good supporting cast since last year

eradicated in Lancaster County.
Racism was erased in Lancaster County.

But recognizing that its own funding could be jeopardized if it did not follow LSC's orders, LSNY released a plan in October 2000 that consolidates services and centralizes decision-making.
$1million in funding can be jeopardized if it doesn't follow the orders.

yeah it's real easy to get isolated in your own little community you know because when when i was growing up in Chicago um we were in a real ethnic neighborhood and there were people from all
Being isolated growing up allowed me to learn about my culture. 

well i sew
I sew since I was a kid

The downtown area developed around the waterfront.
The waterfront was the only place with soil firm enough for large buildings.

And by planting what looks like a bold idea--that the purpose of campaigning is to engender optimism and renew our faith--he erases his obligation to tell us how he would govern.
His is a very effective campaign strategy. 

The main characters are too mean to care about, and it's painful to watch everyone pick on Marigold--even her author--whether or not she deserves it.
Marigold is the only likeable character in the narrative.

well it's it's it's not it's not music it's just it's just uh uh beat talking in a beat it is just it's not exciting at all it doesn't  it doesn't give you relaxation you can't dance to it you can't do anything to it yeah
I believe that music needs to have a melody.

While court officials are concerned about the findings, their assistance can only go so far, said Winnie Comfort, a spokeswoman for the Administrative Office of the Courts.
Court officials are able to decide if a law stands but cannot always be sure they are right.

That probably won't happen.
We will put preventive measures in place as a precaution.

but the other countries that you know that have oil but not as big you know like they say you know like when the prices went up and then they went down when they took that big dip it was because they discovered another big oil well somewhere in Saudi Arabia or something
There was an oil well discovered in Saudi Arabia that effected the prices.

Julius occasionally interjected an admiring "Bully." Sir James said nothing until she had finished, when his quiet "well done, Miss Tuppence," made her flush with pleasure.
Miss Tuppence stood up for herself and Sir James was proud.

The primary aim of the strategy is to enable responsible conduct, where the need to obey the law and to behave ethically is part of the organization's ethos.
The responsible conduct that is outlined in the strategy includes being nice to everyone.

Guohua Li disagreed with DiClemente that the efficacy of brief intervention in emergency settings had been established.
Jumping into an emergency situation can often do more harm than good.

Others gripe that Dyson recycles her previously published magazine articles, writes turgid prose, and puts too much faith in the free market.
People said Dyson just reuses articles out of laziness.

George Bush, you may remember, trailed Gary Hart in 1987 polls, and Newsweek even ran a cover story about Bush and the wimp factor.
George Bush was mocked by some of the media as not having a strong, tough guy image and some doubted his ability to win the presidential race. 

For example, building on reform efforts in the United Kingdom and other countries, the Administration has proposed creating Performance-Based Organizations (PBOs) in which selected agencies that deliver measurable services receive greater organizational autonomy in exchange for heightened accountability for results on the part of top and senior leadership.
There are many plans for more accountability for results on the part of top and senior leadership

American companies have claimed that the launches helped the United States more than China.
10 American companies have claimed that the launches helped their country. 

An axe whirled through the air, cleaving into the deep muscle of the first rider's shoulder.
An axe was thrown from a short distance.

kind of most of them are reruns and you know stuff like that that's why i kind of stick to the movies if they're good uh that one sounds good though that was on last night i didn't get a chance to i didn't get home till ten so  yeah
I've seen a lot of movies in my life so there's never anything new to me.

Tuscan painter Simone Martini has decorated the St. Martin Chapel (first left) with exquisite frescoes, including a most aristocratic Jesus appearing in St. Martin's dream.
Simone Martini painted St. Martin Chapel with bright colors and flowers.

Perversely, Weld lost the ideology/competence battle by winning the drugs/morality battle.
Weld almost won the battle of ideology and competence.

Hopefully, government intervention can be minimized in the future; but for that to occur, others must take steps to address serious public interest issues before they reach crisis proportions.
Steps needed to ensure government prevention include protesting as well.

Based on those findings, the Administrator has determined that an environmental impact statement need not be prepared.
The admin didn't want the environment statement 

For the deal to make sense, the costs of working together in a contractual relationship would have to be greater than the costs of merging.
107 people will be affected should the deal proceed.

yeah and just not pay any attention to it yeah
Just not pay any attention to the man on the other side of the street.

and i did that and the driveway the following spring which uh i needed a break from the work and i i needed a break to get a little more money ahead stuff like that so i waited
I completely paved my driveway the following spring.

Apparently the news hasn't reached quiz participants that America has shaken of the malaise of the Vietnam War and the clunky gas-guzzler by invading several small nations and imitating the design and manufacturing methods of Toyota.
If they had received the news, they would think differently.

For raw meat?
There is a recipe for raw meat?

Second, would all customers satisfying the requirements of the contract be allowed to use the same rates?
Customer requirements could include location and tax exempt status.

Northwest of the city centre is the Ermita de Jeses church and its impressive Museo Salzillo.
The Ermita de Jeses church is the tallest building in the area.

You have little to fear."
You don't have to fear for the future.

He's been butting in somewhere where he wasn't wanted.
His opinion wasn't wanted.

A devastating fire caused by arson destroyed the building in 1986, but the library reopened in 1993 after a $221 million reconstruction.
The police never caught who set the library ablaze.

INS published the proposed rule on January 3, 1997, in the Federal Register.
The INS made sure to publish the proposed rule in the Federal Register on time in 1997.

yeah oh but boy you try get into that you'd really open a can of worms
That is a touchy subject.

He addressed the Kal.
Jon addressed the Kal.

It has curious and fine carved struts as well as door ornamentation.
The door has many attractive ornaments on it.

The cookie-cutter profiles note that Kennedy was a mediocre student but had a perfect 6-0 conviction record as a prosecutor.
Kennedy was a mediocre student because he did not work hard.

Unfortunately all this was lost in a series of earthquakes in the early centuries of the first millennium and Ancient Alexandria now rests below the waters of today's harbor.
The earthquake destroyed the delicate chapel.

At the same time, we found that the practices used by federal CIOs tend to differ from those used by leading organizations.
CIO has strange practices. 

Created at the height of the Chandellas' power in the mid-11th century, the sculpture inside is the most sophisticated and apsara dancing-girls and sura-sundari nymphs coquettishly yawning, scratching, applying their makeup, or playing with monkeys, parakiats, or with their cheerful lovers.
The sculptures created in the 12th century were even more so spectacular.

Have you seen what gets done to them ? Do farmers weep about it?
Do you know the things that happen to them?

but now you know people don't they don't support each other that way
Sadly, people don't support each other economically anymore.

in any of them since eighty one
All of the days have pleaseant since it was 81 degrees.

they turn them loose
They will let them go because of their innocence.  

You'll need to don hiking boots to get to the summit.
The summit can only be hiked towards by people wearing boots.

She said she hopes that religious organizations see the link between their beliefs and her work.
The religious organizations don't see it yet, but she hopes they will soon. 

Isn't that so, moosier?" Poirot smiled. 
Poirot smiled and asked it that was not the case.

She nodded.
She nodded vigorously to show she was saying yes.

Although the traditional industry is a great deal smaller than it once was, tourism has taken up the slack; in summer, Kalymnos is busy with vacationing families from several European countries.
Kalymnos is the most popular spot for European families to visit in the summer.

That was also part of the promised reward."  "And do you think you could use the names, Dave Hanson?" Sather Karf asked.
Dave didn't know the names Sather was referring to. 

Brownell also said a partnership with the Solano County Bar Association should help get the word out to attorneys who might want to donate their time.
Brownell had found that finding lawyers who had that type of time was more challenging than expected.

Not precisely young and beautiful, but as game as they make them."
She was attractive in a less conventional way.

The Wall Street Journal reports that despite the best efforts of entrepreneurs, the cryonics industry remains lifeless.
Billions of dollars have been invested in cryonics.

many federal agencies, such as the Social Security Administration
There are too many federal agencies.

With sufficiently dark humor, any topic can be fair game.
Any humor is okay if it is dark enough.

yeah sure how's your weather it's pretty good
He needed to be assured the weather was adequate for take off.

Surprises spring up on all new industrial complexes alongside sleepy farming villages, skyscraper towns blooming in the middle of nowhere, Hakka women in their traditional flat straw hats with hanging black curtains, water buffalo, and flashes of azalea everywhere.
The skyscraper towns are the hubs of finance and stock trading in the region.

But he knew well that he was under an attack delivered with a purpose, and with all the dirty tricks of a no-rules, back-alley fighter.
He had to use any means necessary to protect himself agains the threat.

i played for the choral club in high school and but i you know i don't practice a lot anymore and uh you know you get rusty
I'm pretty rusty but I think I could get my skills back.

i don't i think i think he's going to move i think he'll probably go he now Larry Johnson is definitely going to the pros
Larry Johnson will become a pro this year

Take a lift to the top for panoramic views over the town and the sea, or enjoy a genteel tea dance in the ballroom with its ornate chandelier and Wurlitzer organ.
The ballroom is a sight to behold.

The pileup of cliches ends with a safe Clarence Harmon, Mayor.
A mayor is made safe by a pileup of racist cliches.

By evening, tour buses from all over Europe are parked bumper to bumper.
The tour buses spend one night and then return to their countries.

It was General Gordon (of Khartoum fame) who in the late 19th century popularized the idea that this was the true site of Jesus's burial.
General Gordon's suggestion was met with doubt at the time.

People may be too shortsighted in their saving decisions to look ahead to the implications of current government debt on future generations.
Future generations will face the worse economic situations ever due to lack of foresight today.

The surrounding park includes the Talbot Botanic Gardens, 8 hectares (20 acres) of walled gardens and glasshouses with thousands of plant species.
The park has 17 kinds of orchids.

He is, of course, a German by birth, said Poirot thoughtfully, "though he has practiced so long in this country that nobody thinks of him as anything but an Englishman. 
He had completely lost his old German accent.

This region has also developed additional resources for region-wide initiatives, such as a $120,000 three-year grant from the Rockefeller Foundation to increase the capacities of three community-based organizations.
The three-year Rockefeller Foundation grant will be extended if the organizations perform well.

well the it the the NFL draft really seems to be doing its job because got teams like like Buffalo who weren't certainly weren't a powerhouse uh ten years ago now they've been able to get some good players and come around and the New Orleans the same story and uh and uh a few years ago Denver was a powerhouse and then they uh they weren't getting the draft picks and now the uh other team so it seems to be uh moving around and uh to to New Orleans benefit and uh you see how look at the Cowboys now they're uh they're hurting
Denver has gotten worse because of their less skilled players.

Texas has performed two reviews of the accuracy of its health care payments-one in December 1998 and a second in January 2001.
Texas performs audits of its health care payments every three years.

but um all the other places i mean our defense was unbelievable
Our defense was very outstanding.

yeah right uh-huh yeah and with you know me being at home and just having the one income you know you don't have this lot of extra money to to do a lot of you know extra things so you you make more fun than you know you know the kids just think it's wonderful just maybe to go get an ice cream cone or
When the kids want to go get an ice cream cone I think to myself that I'd rather be at work.

yeah hope ours continues to live it's been there about four i guess almost four years now so maybe it's established established enough that it'll go on and survive
It takes four years for it to be established.  

Daniel looked around, surprised by my urgency.
Daniel was surprised at how insistent I was.

In addition, we are currently looking at ways that the visa function can be strengthened as a screen against potential terrorists and we expect to make recommendations later this fiscal year.
There are dozens of ways that the visa function can be strengthened.

uh-huh i'd never heard them before until i went in a music store and you know how you put the headphones on and listen to it and i just i heard a piece and it was just so wonderful and then even my eleven year old boy loves to listen to it
My eleven year old boy liked multiple pieces that day.

On the mountain crags to the west, far out from their trail, dark clouds swirled and surged.
The mountains were five miles to the west of us.

Robert Fagles, a Princeton classicist, translated The Iliad in 1990 and sold an astonishing 140,000 paperback copies of his version.
His translated version of The Iliad surpassed the sales of the original.

No, that's not the point.
No, because you don't have the right to do this!

The venom had arrived ahead of her, and his blood seemed to be on fire.
His blood was on fire from the venom, but it would soon pass.

In addition, it has produced two yearly  a performance plan with key measures and a report detailing its progress in meeting its goals.
The goals were met.

 She smiled pleasantly and began setting the carpet down.
She seemed to be friendly.

A squad of blue coats was riding in an officer and six men.
The others looked at the approaching group apprehensively. 

Fully automated systems, for example, may require fewer approvals than manual systems because of automated edits and controls, and the use of automated signatures.
Companies can save money by spending less on manual labor of these systems.

No, no, you're getting morbid on the subject. 116 "Enough to make a man morbid, to be stalked by beastly journalists and stared at by gaping moon-faced idiots, wherever he goes! 
Most journalists were stalkers and were often caught staring.

Borrowing from DeMuth, I ask, Is Dole any less constrained than Bill Clinton 'by powerful constituency groups within the [Republican] Party'?
Bill Clinton was constrained in making new laws. 

Efforts also are underway to develop a skills and knowledge inventory system that will be used to identify skill gaps and training and succession planning needs, both at an institutional and individual level, and to staff assignments more effectively.
It will take 20 years to develop the inventory system. 

he's probably drug dealer himself  never know
It's more than likely he's a drug dealer. 

Besides supporting the Congress directly through helping the legislature respond to emerging issues and government challenges, GAO also supports the Congress by maximizing its own value and seeking to be a model agency in the federal government.
GAO is a highly sought after agency.

He's a bad lot!' "
He has stolen money before

They use the pure hydro-chloride of strychnine very little ” only occasionally for pills. 
It is easy to overdose on the pure hydro-chloride of strychnine pills.

The Emperor's handlers weren't pleased at my departure or the circumstances surrounding it, so I went into hiding.
I left because I was sick of being abused by my father. 

Award winner Richard Woodall, who has a royal warrant to supply sausages to Queen Elizabeth II, is one of the manufacturers to look for.
Richard Woodall is an award winner for best sausage.

But the city opens to islands of almost jungle-like tree-cover before descending again into lively market centers surrounded by the buildings that look down upon the city's busy streets.
The markets are home hundreds of stalls, selling everything from fruit to furniture. 

Oh, Tommy, Tommy, she cried, "I do love you so and I may never see you again… ." At the end of five minutes Tuppence sat up, blew her nose, and pushed back her hair.
Oh Tommy, she cried, "This could be the last time I see you."

CDC seeks to accomplish its mission by working with partners throughout the nation and world to monitor health, detect and investigate health problems, conduct research to enhance the prevention of disease,
CDC works to investigate cancer rates across the country.

Visitors to the center can view the marriage room, complete with anvil, along with a small museum that has preserved the tales of angry parents who descended on the shop to interrupt weddings in progress.
There is a creepy feeling in there.

Near the end, in July 1974, I went out to San Clemente to draft what was to be, although we didn't know it at the time, Nixon's last address as president before his resignation message.
San Clemente was the location of my parent's house, and I went there to get some peace and quiet.

The Corp performed such resurrections fairly regularly, usually in cases of criminal prosecution.
The Corp did resurrections in the courtroom.

This last point highlights one of the most important reasons for sensitizing computer users and other employees to the importance of information security.
One of the most important reasons for Information security is to protect trade secrets.

Few careers, outside of E.J.
I don't know about the amount of careers outside of E.J. 

you bet you you bet you
You bet I believe in that,

The great Catholic abbeys and priories, which had been the backbone of the economy, were destroyed by Henry's troops; social organization was replaced with terror and confusion.
The great Catholic abbeys have many things to do on the weekends.

yeah i'd like to get one of these little small ones that you see in all these gardening magazines
I'm saving up to get one of those small ones you see in the gardening magazines.

Appeasing Jackson--the Mondale/Dukakis strategy--was far less effective than confronting him--the Clinton strategy.
The Mondale/Dukakis strategy was less effective than the Clinton strategy, appeasing Jackson, said the businessman.

Lack of Resolution
Lack of Resolution continues

The drugs play on the inevitable--some say genetic--human desire for youth and immortality.
Humans will do anything if it means they will be immortal.

This restraint may partly reflect Microsoft's market strategy--after all, Microsoft beat Apple partly because Apple did practice vertical foreclosure, and as a result inhibited the development of complementary software (although the main problem was Apple's persistent belief, despite all the evidence to the contrary, that everyone would be willing to pay a premium price for a niftier machine).
Apple prices were 15 percent higher than Microsoft's prices.

but every i run my VCR while i'm at work i tape that and i watch it every evening when i come home and i don't know what it is about that show that's different about other talk shows
I set my VCR everyday to stop recording after the show is over. 

Means the Sather Karf must believe we killed you--he must have the report by now.
Even though we tried to keep it secret, he found out.

We were just sort of walking and I looked around and he wasn't there." This was perfectly true, and Red felt on safe ground.
Red was telling half truths and trying to sound believable.

V??zelay's Basilique Sainte-Madeleine, repository of relics of Mary Magdalene, is a magnificent example of French Romanesque architecture, in spite of the damage inflicted by natural disaste rs, wars, and revolution.
The architecture was affected by war and natural disasters.

Science reporting in the United States is hampered by the deep-seated conviction that the press knows even better than the people that it's just a bunch of pinheads nattering about nothing.
Science reporting in the USA is hampered by the press, who tend to think they know everything.

Loyal readers will recall that last month the Shopping Avenger praised Southwest Airlines for its sterling customer service.
Many different airlines were praised for their customer service, including southwest. 

Tuppence opened the door of an empty first-class compartment, and the two girls sank down breathless on the padded seats.
There was never anything in the first-class compartment.

Tuppence was utterly cold-blooded and selfish, and he would be delighted if he never saw her again! 
She had broken his heart and he hoped to never see her again.

nonquantitative time series analysis for case study data.
The data was gathered in multiple case studies.

uh-huh up north and um and so there's a lot of market up here since it's kind of the area that people are moving into in the Dallas area and big market for
It is a big market due to the type of demographic of the area.

We didn't see blood.
We continued looking for blood. 

These days the Eucharist is likelier to be described as a meal, albeit one graced by the saving presence of Christ, than as a propitiatory sacrifice.
The Eucharist has lost its meaning in the past decades.

Lott's sushi-master carve-up of the phrase at this time was positively Clintonian in its boldness and artistry.
Bold and artistic is a Clintonian quality and it reminds us of Clinton.

it was kind of scary
The procedure was sort of terrifying. 

In 1986, the core unit of Mir (peace or world) was launched.
The main core of the Mir station was launched in 1986, with an addition sections to be launched within the year.

Other nations, both developed and developing, are experiencing similar and often more pronounced aging of their populations.
Aging populations are occurring now in large part due to the baby boomer generation.

Of course, as demonstrated by the catalyst suppliers, if more capacity was desirable to satisfy the market, it could be added given sufficient lead time for the construction of the catalyst production facility.
The suppliers demonstrated this years ago.

what air it out?
I agree it should be aired out.

they they they had four tickets because their kids were there of course their kids came and went
They also had to get two more tickets for their kids.

What can the emergency department do that cannot be done in other settings?
The emergency department does a lot

That's 2 percent of the $100 billion total spent on ads in all media.
The cost of ads was a small blip on their total budget.

they had to replace all their carpeting and everything it was miserable
They had to replace all the carpeting they had because of the flood.

those are very nice
Where did you get them?

These changes focused primarily on (1) ensuring technologies are demonstrated to a high level of maturity before beginning a weapon system program and (2) taking an evolutionary, or phased, approach to developing new weapon systems.
The channels have other focuses besides just the two topics. 

Triumph and Disaster
The contrast has always made for compelling fiction in the eyes of the public.

In green surroundings, the buildings of the saltworks are set in a semicircle around administrative offices, each with easy access to the other and all in simple classical style.
The surroundings are green due to the number of trees.

well uh a little bit uh nothing nothing overly strenuous no the majority of my camping experience is uh a tent by the lake type situation or uh maybe a canoe trip or something like that
I'd like to go camping more often, it's very relaxing.

Man on the Moon does not indicate, for example, that Kaufman came up with the idea for the Saturday Night Live call-in vote, nor that he had numerous chances to nix the whole thing.
Kaufman came up with numerous ideas that were used on Saturday Night Live.

The once-private Flynn house is now a hotel and restaurant.
The Flynn house restaurant is the most popular among tourists.

Even the manager rushed outside to give us room to talk.
The manager of the restaurant ran outside so we could talk.

You can't argue with that; lives there the tourist with soul so dead that he does not wish that he could visit rural France, or Mexico City, or for that matter Kansas City the way they were, rather than the way they are?
He did not wish to visit any of the cities because he was bored.

Horton told Playboy magazine in 1989 that a woman who identified herself as working for an organization affiliated with the Bush campaign phoned him and wrote letters to him up in prison trying to get him to endorse Dukakis.
Horton does not know who tried to convince him to support a specific political candidate.

oh okay that's that's an interesting thing so uh yeah that the only way that would be a disadvantage if the other guy's got a gun and fires when he sees his and it's on it's on the first shot uh i think that uh uh
Having a gun could lead to more violence and tension which would hurt our chances in the situation.

The future of the IOLTA program is also in doubt.
The IOLTA program is likely to close in the next week.

Perhaps you don't realize that I am still in the dark.
I prefer to be surrounded in darkness.

huh all right well listen i've got to go
I'm sorry, I have to do laundry. 

They were beautiful.
The rocks were beautiful.

Mrs. Inglethorp had a box of bromide powders, which she occasionally took at night. 
Mrs. Inglethorp kept her box of bromide powders in her vanity.

Jacob Weisberg,
Jacob Weisberg is a surgeon. 

Temmangu shrines around the country typically feature statues of seated cows and bulls believed to have healing properties.
A lot of people come to the shrines to pray at the statues.

I want to thank Judith Shulevitz for her report on how business media makes men feel inadequate.
Judith Shulevitz's report was spot on.

well make it uh make not necessarily difficult but make it so that it's not glamorous
I'd appreciate it a lot more if this were more enjoyable. 

God knows what
God knows what he is doing

so i get all the same treatment again so it's kind of nice
I enjoy this treatment.

The icon has a powerful influence over pilgrims, who crawl up the church steps on their hands and knees to pray for divine intervention.
Thousands come to any church for religious peace, pilgrims among them. 

yeah that they they they claim that's why we're still there i mean you know why only you note it's only only a small number of people have actually come back yet
Do you choose to stay, though barely anyone comes back? 

uh we but we both
All of us.

Recent examples include actions taken by the Congress, the SEC and the GAO to address areas of concern that each felt warranted government action.
The Congress is very large and powerful.

It has bunny, intermediate, and expert routes, along with all the ski rental, ski school, and a lounge.
There are more bunny routes than expert routes.

All that over a two copper whore, Ca'daan heard over the bustle of the crowd.
Ca'daan was surrounded by a crowd of warriors.

Off to the left is the Yakushi-do, a temple honoring the manifestation of the Buddha as healer of illnesses.
The Yakushi-do receives 20,000 visitors every year.

As long as I might be thought to be pursuing him, the criminal would be off his guard. 
The notorious criminal would be off his guard, as long as his maybe thought I was chasing him, since he was guilty.

um i have mixed feelings about it um i don't particularly care for people who take drugs and uh it's a possibility of having accidents in the workplace but um i also feel like it's an invasion of privacy
It might help avoid accidents in the workplace due to the workers being sober.

Qualitative Evaluation
An evaluation they used most often.

It has been used over the centuries as a courthouse, a school, and a village shop, and now houses a small museum.
Since the turn of the 21st century, it has been used as a museum.

However, you're unlikely to see much of their actual manufacture, as the vast majority of the work is done in the home by local women (some estimate that upwards of 10,000 are involved in the industry).
The women are paid a higher wage when working at home than if they were to search for a job at a factory.

Open-air cafes are one of the area's pleasures.
One of the area's significant attractions are the open-air cafes which offer free Wi-Fi.

With regard to sections 603(b)(iii) and (iv), the Commission states that it uses certain Commissionadopted definitions of small entities for purposes of its analysis and concludes that it is unable to quantify reasonably the impact that the proposed rule and amendments would have on small dealers and brokers.
It is hard to determine the impact of the rule.

 "I forget, you have not been in Tubacca long.
He forgot that he has not been in Tubaca long because it seems to him that they have known each other for a long time.

Not at all.
Maybe.

Among the reasons offered for Japan's lengthy slowdown is poor investment choices due in part to its less developed financial markets in which savers had fewer options and were left with low returns.
Lower returns drove most consumers away from investments. 

These meetings offered a generally secure environment to share information, while also encouraging broader member participation.
The meeting offered a secure way to share information without relying on electronics.

no i it it's well this is the month where it's very unsettled because March is like between winter and spring out here it's like one minute you've got winter weather the next minute you have spring like weather everybody's got a cold
Personally, that's why I think March is the most inconsistent month of the year in terms of weather.

From here it's only a short walk to the Mosque of al-Hakim and Bab El-Futah set in a remaining section of the original city wall.
The Mosque of al-Hakim was built in 1296.

Critics praise her eclectic style--funk, blues, soul, and dance--and dwell on her racy lyrics.
Critics may like her style, but consumers do not. 

This is the home town of Andrea Palladio (1508 1580), the most important architect of the High Renaissance, a must-see destination for architecture lovers or those interested in history and design.
Andrea Palladio designed over 20 buildings in his home town.

yeah i i i think that you know people have legitimate reasons for having them the only problem is so many people have them that don't have legitimate reasons for having them And the other thing is that there are a lot of crimes of passion
People are careless with weapons. 

The capital, Thasos Town or Limin, is a modern port built on the site of a medieval fortress and a classical Greek settlement.
The medieval Greeks had many fortress and ports.

William Bennett (NBC's Meet the Press ) contributes the overstatement of the weekend when he fuses the Chinese money story with the Indian  Did the [Democrats'] frantic pursuit of money lead to the endangerment of the world through nuclear weapons?
William Bennett has been on NBC's Meet the Press for five years.

well i don't uh have too much else i do in my spare time how about you
Do you also not do anything else in your spare time?

As a consequence, EPA did not prepare the statements required by the Act.
The epa didnt properly do their job. 

When they reached it, Thorn and the Kal should run, give them a taste.
Thorn and Kal were traveling to the village.

8. Are there significant policy issues that must be resolved to make interventions for alcohol problems more feasible?
There are a lot of policy issues that must be fixed to make it easier to intervene in alcohol problems in the ED.

The following morning a few brief words with Albert informed her that nothing was waiting for her at the stationer's.
She was disappointed nothing was waiting for her.

Slavery had been eliminated from Fena Dim when Ca'daan was just a child.
Ca'daan was upset that slavery had been eliminated from Fena Dim when he was a child.

The broad Rambla de Mendez Neeez, running at a right angle to the Explanada, is good for a morning's shopping and has a lively market at one end.
The market is stock full of exotic spices and herbs. 

his name is ...
his parents named him

But for the last several years it has often done that job poorly, according to state and federal officials.
It had done a bad job at helping the poor over the past.

By the way, I suppose that's who Annette meant by Marguerite.
By the way, I suppose that Annette was wrong about here being Marguerite.

And you've got them?
Are they here?

McCaffrey told the Washington Post that he would make his recommendations to Clinton by Christmas.
These recommendations will determine which species of goldfish will adorn the Oval Office.

From here, the panorama sweeps round and takes in the entire valley (though even at 3,608 m/1,100 ft you'll still be close enough to hear the bell of the village church).
The church bell was very loud.

If you want to cool off, explore the monumental Pozzo di San Patrizio, a 16th-century well dug 63 m (206 ft) down into the volcanic rock on the nort heast edge of the precipice.
The Pozzo di San Patrizio was dug in AD 1578.

Restoring public trust and confidence in a manner that can be sustained over the long-term will require concerted actions by a various parties in order to address some very real systemic weaknesses plaguing our current corporate governance, accountability, and related systems.
Out of all of these, corporate governance would probably be the easiest to fix.

Preston Bryant, R-Lynchburg, won't be addressed until next year after the Virginia Housing Commission, prompted by a Senate Joint Resolution, offers its recommendations based on a statewide study of rent-to-own contracts and other housing issues.
The Virginia Housing Commission has recommendations for rent-to-own contracts, which are often predatory.

and the the um the crime is just escalated and the drugs and even in the the lower the lower schools
There are even crack dealers operating in middle schools these days.

Some of these Nobel Prize winners don't want to deal with empirical reality at all.
Most of the Nobel Prize winners are theoretical physicists.

Sometimes the case is outside our areas, but we can at least give them some clues on if they have a case and how to go from here.
Our national legal hotline gives advice on the merits of different cases to anonymous clients. 

It was not until 1128, when Dom Afonso Henraques became the Count of Portucale, that the struggle to regain power met with any real success.
He was killed in 1142.

Stuck in the middle.
Nowhere else to go.

We have established that there was a book, in fact, three books. 
There are three books that were uncovered.

yeah i know i had an estimate for that little rust spot and they wanted like three hundred bucks
The estimate was from a local shop.

For example, recent FGD retrofit systems installed at Homer City (September 2001) and Centralia (July 2001) were both completed within approximately 24 months.
Centralia is a rich city.

These outputs are used to develop the emissions inventories.
These outputs will be used to develop emissions inventories that will be useful for analysis.

I was determined to make you say it.
I needed you to admit your feelings.

By the 17th century pirate attacks prompted the building of extensive city defenses colossal forts, a chain across the harbor mouth, and prominent city walls making Havana the Bulwark of the West Indies. 
Pirate attacks against Havana spurred the building of colossal forts in order to protect the country and its citizens.

yeah it covered the spots pretty good but it didn't excuse me it didn't uh uh it just didn't look as smooth as i wanted it to
It covers spots that have appeared due to various illnesses very well. 

oh i saw that yeah i want to see your driver's i i i don't i you're not President Bush
You don't look like President Bush.

The challenge of understanding how the federal context influences the effectiveness of the principle may be best met with support from managers who work in the same context.
The managers will best understand the challenge.

Cars will be overturned.
Cars will be tossed upside down and damaged.

A Byzantine expedition from Constantinople ousted the Vandals from the Balearics in 534.
Constantinople was given an honorary position in the Balearic government.

There was no getting away from that. 
It was an important fact uncovered by Poirot.

One crashing bug in Outlook would reproduce only on a Gateway computer equipped with a Matrox video card.
The bug was a result of several registry errors, each unique to the Gateway brand.

She's never talked much.
She never talked much until now.

His silence didn't matter to San'doro.
San'doro didn't care that he reused to speak.

That's all.
It is over.

Shopping Areas.
The shopping areas are filled with so many different stores. 

The town, just off the autoroute from Calais, has two of the most beautiful city squares in France, echoing the classical Flemish style of the 17th and 18th centuries in the arcades and the gabled facades of the Grande Place and the Place des H??ros.
Despite this, the town is rarely visited by tourists.

Because these expenditures ignore spending on energy efficiency, research and development outside the electricity sector-spending that can be substantial-they are not measures of program costs.
Program costs can't be measured by any of those expenditures.

Individual and often uncontrollable circumstances have resulted in nearly all facility engineering functions, from conceptual planning to project startup, being contracted to outside consultants at one time or another.
Uncontrollable situations have been negative experiences, but leads to other things. 

And good luck, Kirby.
Good luck with all your future endeavors, Kirby. We'll miss you.

Standing on a small, narrow base in a gully surrounded by trees, it looks like an upside-down iceberg.
They plan to cut most of the trees and build a supermarket.

I know that some of you are unhappy with the Commission's recommendations as they relate to your mail.
I am aware that not all of you are happy with the recommendations regarding your mail so that is why I'm offering to accept suggestions, comments or constructive criticism. 

oh so  yeah um up here some of the state parks are really nice and some of them aren't some of them are pretty rough
The state over has better parks and accommodations.

3 billion for the period FY 1996 through FY 2002, with annual amounts of $200 million after the initial interim year of $130 million.
3 billion for the period can be used to buy hookers and cocaine. 

Calling Frank Capra!
Frank Capra will bring relief.

How do you bill clients and, perhaps even trickier, get them to pay?
Do you bill clients hourly or flat rate?

and the rest of the partners all got up in arms about it and Michael met with them and said and said you know we got to do something about this we need to make a proposal let somebody else be the leader and he kind of elected himself and everybody else went along with it and they they uh gave it to Leland and he hit the roof and um he and Brackman talked about it and and Brackman decided to try and do away with him so he fired him because he he violated one of their policies of going behind a senior partner's back or something so they fired him they chased him off with the security guards they're fighting out that battle now he's firm formed his own firm
The group did not agree with Michael's ideas.

It, too, was toppled, during the 1871 Commune at the instigation of painter Gustave Courbet, who had to pay the crippling cost of having it re-erected two years later.
After the painter had to pay the crippling cost, he lost his home.

It is the way reporters  We threaten, we cajole, we feign sympathy.
The hardest thing for a reporter to do is to pretend to have something or interest in an issue you disagree with.

Stroll along the Rue Saint-Ours and the Rue du Ceteau, then wander around the ramparts.
Explore the ramparts with your family.

But this is still Tubacca and not your camp, Captain.
Captain is in Tubacca.

Walter had a keen interest in the old West and, in order to create a diversion for the ravenous patrons, began building a ghost town.
A ghost town is a town that is not populated by anyone.

It's difficult to believe that this little spot was once a major junction for traffic in the lakes before motorized vehicles were invented.
Motorized vehicles were introduced in 1965.

But still he pointed his horse south to the place where Hunt Rennie would return, bringing Johnny Shannon.
Hunt Rennie would return south after the bank robbery. 

if you were using and and oh lose your job and everything
Using leads to job loss.

Our job is to help the Congress discharge its constitutional responsibilities and improve the performance and assure the accountability of the federal government for the benefit of the American people.
They are paid by the government in order to do this job.

The era known as the Nara Period was marked by the religious fervor of the Buddhist monks and also by their accompanying artistic achievements.
The most religious Buddhist monks were also the best artists. 

In the discussion of the Regulatory Flexibility Act, the preamble to the final rule states that HUD's Economic Analysis considers the impact of the rule on small entities.
The small entities are the ones most affected by the act.

They cite AFL-CIO officials who claim the organization spent $35 million on a radio-and-television ad campaign alone.
They quote AFL-CIO officials about how much the organization has spent, the true scandal however hasn't been revealed yet.

And yet by relentlessly treating them as a big deal over the years, magazine folks have succeeded in making them a reasonably big deal.
Magazine folks carry the most weight when it comes to reputation.

I should like to speak to you in private, said Dr. 
The Dr. will speak to you in his office.

'I tire of this conversation,' White said.
White was tired of talking about the election. 

Beyond Le Pracheur you'll go through the fishing hamlet of Anse Belleville with a remarkably tall, vine-like fig tree and a nice little beach.
The fig tree has become something of a local legend in Belleville.

For me, Dave Hanson.
Dave Hanson is a little nervous about revealing his identity.

Where had he been? 
Was he at the park all day?

Stop the car.
The car is moving fast.

Take your warriors back to Fena Dim.
The warriors were tired from the journey from Fena Dim.

In other words, a 10 percent increase in volume will yield a
Volume increased just a little 

Through this project the LA Basin has found a way to serve Asian clients who do not speak English.
Asian clients who do not speak English need the LA Basin more than English speakers do.

The masterpieces, though, are in Cave 1: two spiritual Bodhisattvas on the back wall on either side of the antechamber.
The two spiritual Bodhisattva masterpieces take up both sides of the antechamber.

Your pleasure, gentlemen.
Feel free to eat all the food gentlemen.

Wood Quay, on the south bank of the river (downhill from the arch and dominated by the featureless offices of the Dublin Corporation), is the site of the original Viking settlement and its clever recreation, The Viking Adventure (Tuesday Saturday 10am 4:30pm, closed Sunday and Monday; adults IRa4.
The Viking Adventure puts on shows that recreate Viking life.

yeah you it's it's hard sometimes at work because you know people say oh we're taking a cruise we're going here we're going there you know because they have a lot more money
It's hard at work because it makes me wish I had more money but I'm very poor.

A few kilometers to the southwest you'll find Holker Hall, a historic house owned by Lord and Lady Cavendish.
Lord Cavendish used to own Holker Hall, but he does not own it any more.

That was our way of showing, to ourselves especially, that we were intimates of those eminent locations.
That's how we showed we were close to that place.

This is in part because the island remained under Catholic Venetian rule far longer than other islands in the Aegean from 1207 to 1714 but also because it was t he scene of a blessed miracle, ensuring its fame throughout the Catholic community in Greece.
The island was once famous with the Catholic community but is now famous among all Greek communities. 

The preamble to the final rule contains the information required by the act, including the need for and use of the proposed collection, a description of the respondents, and an estimate of the burden hours and costs associated with the collections.
The preamble didn't include any acknowledgment of the issues raised in the comments.

In another drawing, from 1943, Smith develops his personal symbol, the spiral cross, which is really nothing but a relaxed swastika.
Smith developed his personal symbol and put it on everything he owned.

This plan was intended to better serve customers by helping improve their knowledge and understanding of the tax return process.
The Government magazine rewards the top agents with extra vacation time. 

she loves to play fetch and it doesn't matter where i throw it she can get it i've i've thrown it under under the refrigerator and she'll get down there and stick that long skinny paw in there she's very versatile
She can play fetch for hours on end.

While Pine Tree has income guidelines for its clients in housing and public benefits cases, there are no income limits for those receiving services to prevent domestic violence.
Pine Tree is one of America's top 10 charities.

However, once you accept these facts, Cairo has lots to offer the visitor; its main museum is an essential part of your vacation experience and its street life is a sure sign that you have come to a totally different culture.
The streets of Cairo are always bustling, even at night.

There is a mysterious disconnect between Eszterhas' self-image and his work.
There is no connection between Eszterhas' self-image and his work according to the teacher.

Vacationers come for the great diving, windsurfing, and other watersports.
It is one of the world's premiere diving locations.

In high season, you will share your Greek odyssey with visitors from almost every country in Europe, and increasingly from around the world.
You will not be expected to learn Greek for the voyage.

uh-huh yeah they're great you're right well i guess we've spent our time i need to go help my daughter do something so
I need to help my daughter with her homework.

yeah our our numbers have been way down i don't know what they were
Our numbers have gone down by fifty percent.

There were signs of struggle, but all the doors had been broken open from the inside.
It looked like they had gotten in a big fight.

so there's no checks and balances
There should be some checks and balances.

but the thing is when you started with TI was it as big a company as it is now
TI has grown into a much larger company over the years.

that's about it i guess
That's all there is to know about cats.

On the mainland, many popular tourist bars have been designed to re-create the feel of a traditional wine cellar.
All the tourist bars are modeled the same, like a wine cellar.

The Nile valley south of Luxor is home to three temple complexes.
There are no other temples anywhere outside the temple complexes in the Nile Valley. 

Newsweek adds profiles of Clinton adviser Bruce Lindsey and Democratic donor/Lewinsky patron Walter Kaye.
These profiles don't always have accurate information regarding their candidates.

Rushing out of the cockpit for a final time, I found the nearest site of battle.
I didn't want to, but I decided to leave the cockpit again. 

But it was a foregone conclusion that when evolutionary psychology began to focus on genetic predispositions and majoritarian norms to the exclusion of everything else, some literalists would in fact forget everything else.
Evolutionary psychologists started to look at how genetics impact persnality.

I dragged Daniel back to the cockpit, and dumped him there.
I put Daniel in the cockpit so the terrorist would not find him.

This list is intended only to provide some useful examples
As many as five people are expected to read this list.

There must be a village handy, continued the young American.
The village would proved the help that the American needed.  

Collaboration and communicative relationships among the participants, as well as to align all participants toward common objectives and expectations.
Collaboration and communicative relationships were achieved.

So says modern bourgeois America, which has turned the pet into a full-fledged member of the nuclear family, even more sacred than other human beings (such as curmudgeonly aunts).
The pet is more valuable than other human beings as they're far cuter.

The mortality and chronic bronchitis health endpoints are the most influential in our estimation of monetized benefits, because they account for over 95 percent of the total estimated monetized benefits of the Clear Skies Act.
Bronchitis health endpoints influence how benefits are monetized by insurance companies and the EPA.

It is no accident that the word nebbish originated in Yiddish, a language without a nation that is spoken by a people repeatedly beaten down by pogroms and thus in a good position to empathize with nebbishes.
The word nebbish originated in Yiddish, said the article.

some months it may be different it's not as though we feel like we have to keep ourselves you know down to the dollar or the penny in certain categories kind of thing
Do you have to count money because you are poor?

(Click here to read an interview with Elliott.)
The link was still active.

The caves were a hide-out for anti-Japanese, Communist guerrillas during World War II.
The caves were big enough and spacious.

In contrast, the successful organizations we studied monitor their internal and external environments continuously and systematically.
The organization well monitors things 

Today we cede our vision of '50s female fashion to the movie version, as if that were the real mirror of the decade--everything blatantly cleansed of error, willfully idealized into unreality, odorless, effortless, affectless.
Many people think that female fashion is how all females should dress.

and staying with it and hoping that uh you know the next time is a better time around
And persevering with hope that the next time won't be as hard as this time.

Not a sign of a footmark." They wandered round the deserted house.
The house was so clean that there were no footprints to be seen.  

More as the president continues surfing China.
The president has enjoyed his time in China.

The creation of the H-2A program was controversial, given the history of prior temporary agricultural programs such as the Bracero program.
The creation of the H-2A program we met with criticism.

Yet around the station you see tower blocks, neon signs, cars zipping along the highway all the signs of a normal town.
The station is very busy early in the mornings because of rush hour.

Should we be honored or insulted?
honored is likely the better option either

It should be noted that statistical sampling and fast pay procedures neither reduce the need for effective internal control nor relieve the certifying/disbursing officer of his or her responsibility.
Statistical sampling doesn't reduce the need for effective internal control for the private organization.

It is an advice column, called Dear Prudence.
Dear Prudence is a column on how to be cautious in today's society.

She knows that she is in danger ”but is ignorant of where the danger lies. 
The danger lies in her poisoned medicine bottle.

Won't it impact the envelope manufactures?
The impact on envelope manufacturing is negligible. 

Next year, Kentucky will lose almost $500,000 in grants through the federal Violence Against Women Act used to provide legal assistance to poor women who are victims of domestic violence.
Kentucky will lose a lot of grant money next year because of the new budget proposed by Trump.

well they have a whole nation behind them you got to remember that instead of just you know one section of the country like we have
it's important to remember that their country is very politically unified

Vote.com would become, as Morris envisions it, the nation's town meeting.
Vote.com had a lot of tools people could use to conduct meetings.

i just got a bike myself because i'm hoping you know eventually maybe you know for hikes or you know going out along the canal area or whatever to ride bikes with them
I bought a very cheap bike and I'm wondering if it will hold up against the terrain.

or hundreds of chandeliers made of brittle blades of glass.
chandeliers made of grass that the light shined through.

Little presents.
The presents were too small.

yeah that's true there there's a lot of talk over there that i don't think anyone imagined that it could possibly be as as successful and and painless as it had been
There was so much concern going around about getting it done but it ended up being a breeze. 

 Susan watched them, her green eyes blazing.
Susan was blazing with anger as she watched the dogs fight. 

And that, to return to the question I posed earlier, is just the problem.
there are other problems to be considered.

Other promising technology initiatives include the CalJustice Technology Project of the Public Interest Clearinghouse, which focuses on increasing client access to the judicial system through the development of an artificial intelligence-based tool to help advocates quickly spot issues in and strategize about cases.
Several promising technological initiatives include the development of an artificial intelligence to help doctors diagnose patients.

Jesse Helms is still complaining, but he's having the last laugh just the same.
Helms is coming out victorious in the public's eye.

Importantly, for both the Congress and GAO, the Vice President challenged GAO's fundamental statutory authority to assist the Congress in connection with its constitutional, legislative and oversight authorities.
The VP said GAO didn't have the authority to help Congress pass laws.

studies in American emergency settings have provided inconclusive evidence that brief intervention works.
There are hundreds of studies backing this fact.

I would suggest another cause.
If I were you, I would not support this refugee relief cause. 

The lawyer went across to his desk, and returned with a small newspaper cutting, which he handed to Jane.
The lawyer handed a newspaper clipping of an obituary to Jane. 

Air quality modelers and researchers have responded to the need for scientifically valid and reliable estimates of air quality changes by developing a number of sophisticated atmospheric dispersion and transformation models.
In additional to developing sophisticated models, air quality modelers and researchers have also made a new magazine called Air Quality magazine.

Table 2. Influence of Technology Assumptions on Key Scenario Indicators - 2010
The influence of technology assumptions has been increasing over the years.

and they finished second that year i guess and it was Bobby Lane's first it was the year that Bobby Lane got traded to them two games into the season
They lost the first position by a few points that year.

Significant reductions will go a long way towards addressing local concerns.
The reductions concern budgets.

well they may yeah i think eventually but some men don't see some men just don't care
Some men do not mind dating single mothers.

I'd forgotten him."
He forgot about him due to his vampiric powers.

well um how long do you cook the meatballs
How long do you cook meatballs? Mine are always overdone.

But this behavior became maladaptive when access to round-the-clock hamburgers and ice cream became the norm.
Round-the-clock food availability has increased obesity rates.

Florence's most elegant shops continue the Via de' Tornabuoni's centuries-old tradition of aristocratic luxury.
Many of the shops are owned by the descendants of their original owners, a tradition that stretches back centuries.

Just a bunch of microwave ready-meals and a few dozen bottles of BBQ sauce.
The only food available was microwave ready-meals and BBQ sauce.

Times Wins 2 Pulitzers for Spot News, Photos, declared the front page of the Los Angeles Times . Katharine Graham, Philip Roth Win Pulitzers, declared the front page of the Washington Post , praising the recognition of its former publisher's autobiography.
The Times won 2 Pulitzer Prizes in 2016,

would too we usually uh like i said we try to go to a lake my husband and this uh other couple that we go with her husband um they like to um is it scuba dive and so we'll go to a lake and uh where they can go do that we're close enough so they can do that and the girls can play on the beach area okay
My husband and I go to a lake every month.

well that's funny
Well, I heard it once before.

At the eastern end of Upper Mount Street you'll notice the distinctive shape of the Greek-revival St. Stephen's Church, which dates back to 1824.
Next to the the Greek-revival St. Stephen's Church over there you can see a bustling square.

The hilly Parc Montsouris (on the Left Bank) and the Buttes-Chaumont (on the Right Bank) are more challenging.
Only those in good physical shape should try these.

The Administrator of the General Services Administration would be expected to prescribe regulations under existing authority in 5 U.S.C.
The Administrator of General Services is expected to tell funny jokes.

yeah Chicago was great too
Yes, Chicago was one of the best ever.

Then I heard Susan crying.
I heard the sound of Susan crying because she was injured.

Alternatively, you can shine a lamp on the stone real jade shows no reflected light.
There are many methods to test if a jade is real.

right exactly or uh uh an older peer will come up to him and and uh try to try to get him hooked on it so that he'll start selling it or something you know and uh i know uh you know just growing up
An older friend is always the one that gives kids pot for the first time.

Of course, we're still in the solar atmosphere, even there, with the Van Allen belts and such things.
That location is at the edge of the solar atmosphere.

well yeah we did but the topic was boring i thought what would you serve uh if you were having a dinner party
If you were having a dinner party, what guests would you invite

The cable car (t??l??ph??rique) ride up to the Aiguille du Midi (3,840 m/12,470 ft) is the most spectacular in the French Alps, offering a breathtaking view of Mont Blanc's snow-covered peak, altitude 4,800 m (15,770 ft), and the surrounding landscape.
It takes just 20 minutes to reach Aiguille du Midi via cable car.

yeah and she was real comfortable and she has really really done good i i
She did very well at public speaking.

It had begun like a page of romance.
We fell in love like characters in a romance novel.

The northerner fell back, a spray of blood from his lips.
After getting cut by a sword, blood spewed from the northerner's lips as he fell back.

It is one of the most popular activities on Jamaica (see page 88).
It is the most crowded activity in all of the island.

It's bread and circuses without the bread.
It is like bread and circuses without a bagel to eat.

A smaller grim-looking fellow scowled at Ca'daan.
The angry person made Ca'daan feel uncomfortable.

In the 20th century Tokyo has twice suffered almost total destruction.
Tokyo has often been the target of warfare and destruction.

The two stories further illustrate the unease, even hostility, that blacks have tended to feel about their folklore, and about black history  In That I Had the Wings, Riley, a young black boy Ellison uses in several stories, hates his Aunt Kate and wishes she had died back in slavery times; in Flying Home, the black pilot who seeks escape hates the black farmer who rescued him after his crash.
The black pilot in Flying Home didn't want to be saved because he'd wanted to die in the crash.

This was no longer an eccentric young fellow with a habit of falling off trees.
This young man was no longer an eccentric fellow and he had gotten married.

I thought you could hear what went on in the room?
I thought that there had been a murder that occurred.

This disastrous French naval defeat is known as the Battle of Les Saintes.
The French navy was defeated quickly.

Still, Frisby did a better job than Woodward in offering meaning.
Frisby did a better job than Woodward, who was devastated.

academic researchers before their methods were adapted to evaluation.
The research methods are evaluated monthly.

Such inadvertent anti-urban propaganda also hurts Baltimore's reputation and economy.
Overall, Baltimore's reputation and economy were hurt with the anti-urban propaganda. 

Behind the storefront A'deem had a surprisingly large room.
A'deem had a store that sold candy.

In this guide, information management refers to all aspects of the management of all information resources, including technology, funds, human capital, and management processes, as well as the underlying information.
The guide is thirty pages long and is standard issue to all new applicants.

and i noticed that a lot of the garden well you know that Indian Hawthorne that didn't work out quite as well as we thought you know so now they're pushing something else
Indian Hawthorne is a very expensive type of bush.

But it's harder for officials with broader portfolios of responsibility.
It's more difficult for officials because they have more tasks and responsibilities everyday.

Race fans fill the 107,000-seat facility for NASCAR events like the Las Vegas 300, Winston West, and Craftsman Truck races, as well as the IRL Las Vegas 500.
Las Vegas has become a popular tourist attraction for race fans due to their many NASCAR events.

uh-huh well uh everything's high priced out here  but uh uh
Everything  costs a lot in New York.

yeah it's a suspense well i guess it's ranked number one now it's supposed to be pretty good suspenseful yeah but are you good at do you like suspenseful movies like that yeah because see i i'm not really one that likes real suspense i like the nice lighthearted comedies most of the time
I don't enjoy suspenseful movies.

Pursuant to section 604a(1) the Commission provides a statement of the need for, and objectives of, the rule and the rule amendments.
One proposed rule was to always wear shoes during meetings, Jerry.

Sets of vivacious performers either dance alone facing a partner or in pairs.
The performers are spotted all over.

From the Nuruosmaniye entrance, stretching towards the Beyazet Gate, is the main street, lined with jewellers' shops.
Most of the shops on the main street are very expensive.

San Pietro in Vincoli (St.Peter in Chains) might not attract a second look if it didn't contain one of the greatest of Michelangelo's sculptures, his formidable Moses.
San Pietro in Vincoli has become a major tourist attraction because of its large collection of great sculpture.

And regardless of who supports them, these guys have a lot of expertise to offer, don't they?
They are experts in the field, so they make sure to share their knowlege with the public weekly.

In 1966 it was bought by the Rollins family, who began the difficult and time-consuming job of totally renovating the building.
It was renovated by the Rollins family, who purchased it in 1966. 

He argues that the theory of increasing returns is crucial to the case against Microsoft--which is true, although even so it is unclear why he couldn't just present the theory without the dubious intellectual history.
He says Microsoft needs to increase returns to 15%.

i was a resident although very young of the state of what is now the state of Alaska in nineteen fifty nine when Alaska stopped being a territory became a state uh so i guess i have a left over positive feeling about the question even though i don't know very much about Puerto Rico um i know that all the things that happened relative to that territory in Alaska have been very positive uh and i kind have a suspicion that that i believe that a that statehood is a good idea whenever you have a territory the size of Puerto Rico one ought either to make it a full-fledged state or or let it go one or the other what is your situation
Some things in Alaska are negative.

yeah and you'd think well who wants to get up and go then but um it's really not been that much of a problem
I have managed it.

The most  China could practice financial terrorism by selling Treasury bills and buying eurobonds, thus weakening the dollar.
Selling Treasury bills is the most effective way to commit financial terrorism.

But motorists as well as adventurers willing to brave infrequent, capricious transport services will enjoy discovering the few remaining pockets of unspoiled, arid beauty and remote whitewashed villages.
There are remote whitewashed villages that adventurers liked to visit because there are many things to do there.

They will get lighter, their screens will get more legible, and their batteries will last longer.
It is much better with its new features of a better screen and better battery. 

The plan provides an opportunity to constructively manage a difficult process of change and uncertainty regarding critical national and international issues, now and in the future.
Hopefully in the future, positive change will occur regarding this issues.

yeah that's interesting
It makes me want to write a paper about it.

The likely trend, when you , will be for many obscure and semiobscure journalists to see their audiences grow, while the few rich and famous journalists will see their audiences shrink.
Famous journalists see their audience decrease due to a lack of entertaining and gripping articles.

yeah well i doubt that but you know i guess
Well, I don't think so since I've read about it, but I guess.

They may also fear retaliation by other local employers, and often will not want to pursue a claim until after they leave the area.
They do not want to suffer for speaking up.

Just as we enjoy a higher living standard today than our grandparents did, future generations of Americans will reasonably expect to enjoy rising standards of living.
Future generations of Americans will make more money than previous generations.

cats cats can deal with being inside all the time just fine but i just think dogs need need to be outside so
Cats and dogs can both be outside.

Word repetition?
Words are repeating? 

it's just a kind of uh just the way the plant is
It's just how the plant is, so don't be too worried about it

Bauer : Giving each other the Nazi salute in the hallway.
Other people gasped at the display.

'I may be wearing this skin, but you're the real Benjamin Franklin.
You are the true Franklin, no matter how I am dressed.

In a flash, the woman drew a scorpion-hilted saber.
The saber has been doused in poison. 

Tiens! he said. 
He cried out so his friends would hear him.

Individually, many of these environmental effects may be relatively small in terms of their overall ecosystem and monetary importance, particularly in the near-term.
Many environmental effects from the new law do not seem worth it.

the other school systems that aren't as good um i don't know any particular ones but you know when  when they say one of the where i went to school was one of the best counties then i think
The county I grew up in always been the best.

From the Hampstead Borough Council.
Hampstead is a small town in England.

It is important that you understand this.
In addition to it being important that you understand this, you must demonstrate that you comprehend it.

and no i i don't know that we'd ever be able to get to that point but uh um but it's something to work for
We expect to get better at it next year.

The Renaissance and Baroque palaces of the Via Garibaldi are a unique testimony to the town's historic proserity, many of them now banks or museums.
The palaces have been purchased by private businesses and re-purposed.

He hasn't much changed America.
He's been President for 4 years now but hasn't altered America very much. 

Do you think it would be such a disaster if they did meet?
Do you think it would be terrible if they met or perhaps they would like each other?

Taking note of the obvious vulnerability of the old wooden houses, the government set up new building standards.
Many old wooden houses had collapsed before the government's new standards. 

This was the residence of the rector of the El-Ahzar Mosque until 200 years ago.
The rector of El-Ahzar was the most important person in the mosque.  

Casual employees are paid lower wages and have fewer fringe benefits.
Casual employees dont work enough for the benefits 

He killed another stud this season.
He stabbed to death another stud this month.

Horwitz doesn't leave it there.
He didn't leave it there.

The giant box of a hotel signals the start of the traditional hotel zone, flush with well-known, deluxe 5-star hotels such as the Savoy, the Madeira Carlton, and Reid's, plus a few 4-star hotels, quintas, and posh restaurants.
The traditional hotel zone was the brainchild of a young architect.

Every year, for three weeks in August and September, all eyes are on the dozens of performances and events in the many theaters of the city center.
For three weeks there are performances and events every day.

The hotel lobby was small and low ceilinged, with a single reception desk dominating everything.
The hotel lobby was small and the walnut reception desk overwhelmed the space.

Imagine an Irma Vep -like documentary of The Fifth Element 's filming, on vast sets, with hordes of technicians attending to hordes of gun-toting rubber hippos.
Irma Vep made political documentaries.

Richard Lamm, who attempted to wrest leadership of the party away from Perot, is a classic Greater New England progressive, as is former Connecticut Gov.
Richard Lamm behaves in way typical of New England liberals.

and i it was just too much to start with and i still haven't finished it because i stopped i stopped and i thought well i better do some simple things and work up to this because it was just so difficult to to get it done and there were so many different shadings and colors and
I wish I had started off smaller. 

Mikhail  An Evening of Music and Dance With the White Oak Chamber Ensemble (City Center, New York City).
Mikhail takes place in December each year.

, is a federal subsidy program, the stated purpose of which is to provid[e] financial support for legal assistance in noncriminal proceedings or matters to persons financially unable to afford legal assistance.
Federal funds go to pay for legal assistance for the poor as long as they are noncriminals.

The latter is a catch-all category reflecting sources of growth not captured in straightforward measures of aggregate labor input and aggregate physical capital employed.
Their are several rules that define what is applicable to this category.

well with with your you know if you're around the home though and and and can watch TV and read the paper the problem is is that about twenty minutes of news radio or thirty minutes is and then they start repeating everything
You can watch the TV if you are home but with news radio, they repeat everything every 20-30 minutes and it is biased.

And the time he'd run off to see the circus come into town, he and Shelly ... Cousin Jeff, Cousin Merry, they had tried to beg him off from Grandfather's punishment that time, not that they had succeeded.
This was the last time the circus will be in town.

and not venture venture out their own front door than
They stay safe inside their own home.

It was a conflict of two masterful personalities.
They both felt that the other was arrogant, when in reality they were both being arrogant.

Postal Service will pick up a letter from anywhere in America and deliver it to any place else in the nation--any place!
Everywhere in America there are post offices, and that enables flexible deliveries.

Its sultan's family is also the last to be able to trace its ancestry to the 16th-century sultans of Melaka.
The sultan's family lost their wealth during the war.

Well, come and try some blue-grass training on our colts.
The colts were being trained hard.

In fact, Tutmosis II tried to remove all traces of her at Luxor and Karnak when he finally became Pharaoh following her death, but this does not spoil the formidable architectural achievement of the temple itself.
Tutmosis II defaced any depictions of his stepmother at Luxor and Karnak.

A few years later, he developed a fascination with the comely Catherine Oxenberg, then starring in the TV show Dynasty . Salinger traveled to California and had shown up on the set, according to biographer Hamilton.
Salinger liked Oxenberg's character more than Oxenberg herself.

Dramatically depicting more than 400 scenes from the Old and New Testaments, 3,650 fig?­ures present a magnificent pageant of the customs and costumes of the era of Francois I. Among the panels of Cain and Abel, Abraham and Isaac, Jesus and Mary ' all very Flemish figures ' are carvings of a Picardy baker, dairymaid, fruitmonger, and laundress.
The great flood of the Old Testament is depicted in the panels.

He pulled off his hat and held it limply at his side.
The man became distressed and removed his hat.

Consequently, installation of these technologies on many coal-fired utility boilers is not expected to result in severe changes in demand for the hardware items listed.
Installation of these technologies on many coal-fired utility boilers is mandated by the government.

The seven-block Promenade walkway (near Pine and Long Beach Boulevard and First and Third Streets) that leads from the business district to the marina is the heart of the city's revived downtown area, featuring new restaurants and jazz and comedy clubs.
The Promenade hosts events every three weeks.

Election for Additional Sources
The election is happening because people are disappointed.

yeah i don't even know anymore i i follow the Dodgers more than the Phillies but uh i i grew up in Philadelphia i guess that's why
I really love baseball, but i tend to follow the Dodgers the most.

Can't you see how a circus would jump at a chance to have these?
The circus would pay big bucks for this.

Once you've seen the real thing, maybe you want to visit The Pharaonic Village, a theme park recreating life in Ancient Egypt.
The Pharaonic Village has actual pieces of a Sphinx in a museum on the property.

and then he'll become an all star
Along with becoming a star, he also became rich.

Except that too much of a good thing is still too much.
Last year a dozen people were crushed to death by falling gold coins.

He looked up to the hulking shadow of the Old One silhouetted against the blackening sky.
The Old One made a long shadow on the ground.

i was beginning to think that was the only people on the network
I started to assume that NBC only had men on their network. 

I knew what I wanted to do, and money wasn't the issue.
My intentions were clear, but I was lacking time.

For each copy sold, I get $1.
Each copy brings me $1, but that is not enough.

The huge red sun turned the dark clouds a deep violet and the wind felt like the breath of some ancient god long forgotten in the valleys.
As the clouds darkened, the sun slowly lowered into the night. 

MCCJ drew together a wide spectrum of individuals and organizations involved in the support and delivery of legal services in the state, including legal services providers, community and bar leaders, legislators, and clients.
MCCJ reduced low income client legal fees.

All such Robin Hood allusions have long since been extinguished.
Robin Hood wasn't everything we thought he was. 

well then she's going to come out well rounded but outside of those kind of things you know the other thing that i've really gotten into reading
She will come out good and I like reading comedies.

Another market catering to more traditional tastes is the Kampung Bahru (new village), behind the Chow Kit area.
This market caters to more modern tastes.

and you have to pay that whether you're on vacation you know and taking care of the children or if the children are at home at home sick
You might as well take a vacation as the money you pay will be about the same.

From a practical standpoint, this means that active executives should limit the number of boards they sit on, and all board members need to be comfortable that they can dedicate the time needed to properly discharge their fiduciary responsibilities.
Active executives should not have more than twenty boards they sit on.

The analysis concludes that the rules do not impose additional reporting, record keeping, or other compliance requirements.
The rules do require additional high fives.

But over the course of a generation, activists and bureaucrats have manufactured a single race out of a diverse mass of several million people whose origins can be traced to dozens of countries.
All races can be traced to Africa.

Compared to the deficits of recent decades, today's surplus represents a historic turnaround, and current projections show surpluses continuing over the 10year budget window, as figure 13 illustrates.
Current projections show a steady increase in surplus over the next ten years.

In some cases its sanctions are adequate, but not always.
In some cases its sanctions are pathetic in the eyes of authority

Yes, abortion is anathema to John Paul II, who is bemused by suggestions that he has an obsession with the subject, but he condemns abortion because he sees it as not only anti-life but also anti-woman.
John Paul II condemnds abortion as anti-woman, because he believes that it harms them.

Table 4.1 highlights some tax provisions aimed at encouraging saving for retirement, buying homes, and investing in education.
These same tax provisions are aimed at encouraging savings for emergencies as well.

Although gross national saving in 2000 was low by
what most people would consider acceptable.

Large families lived in high tenements, sharing a well with hundreds of other families.
Up to 20 families share a well.

Clinton is said to be concerned with shaping a historical legacy, but as may be noted from his failed medical care program, his unpopular anti-Iraq saber rattling, and his largely ignored dialogue on race, the care of business is pretty much all that's wanted of Clinton, too.
Clinton is worried about what history will say about him, so he is trying to change the public's opinion.

and uh i don't think that's going to die very quickly he is getting some support there were a lot of people that are uh that were skeptical and the Cowboys are coming back and they have a pretty good team Troy Aikman looks like to be looks like he's got the star qualities for a quarterback
Troy Aikman is able to throw a football with great aim.

During Ottoman times the fortress was used as a prison and a treasury.
It was returned to a fortress after the Ottoman times.

The Arab predicament is most painfully evident in what Ajami calls the orphaned peace with Israel.
Ajami has little hope for fast solutions to the Arab predicament.

A year before the celebrations, Dublin had elected its first woman as mayor, and in 1990 Ireland chose the dynamic Mary Robinson as its first woman president.
Dublin elected a brown-haired female mayor in 1987, and Ireland elected a red-haired woman for president in 1990. 

Worship of Ra would grow to become one of the most important facets of Egyptian culture over the next 3,000 years.
The Worship of Ra was eventually replaced by the worship of the Pharaohs themselves. 

Because sources can reduce emissions early, earn allowances for these actions, and use the allowances later, actual emissions are projected to be higher than the cap in the first years of each cap.
Actual emissions are projected to be higher than the cap in the first years of each cap, gradually plateauing after those first few years. 

Among the birds, you will see the flash of a kingfisher or hornbill.
Kingfishers are endangered.

The agency representatives also made a number of other points that suggested that standardization of participation processes was not needed or could be undesirable.
The agency representatives were all male

The Union and O'Connell
O'Connell was an important figure in the Union's history.

The local people will tell you that this is the Hippocrates Tree, under which the father of medicine, a native of the island, lectured to his students over 2,500 years ago.
Hippocrates is the most famous resident of the island.

A document that describes the entire process for
The process was described 

yeah i think you know the lottery could have helped so i mean it wouldn't have been as painful as what we would've paid in state income tax i mean probably would have paid the same amount but you know it's not the idea of your paying uh income tax
The lottery helped.

Nowadays, the Memorial building offers films and documents tracing the campaign for independence.
The memorial building now boasts a cinema.

The total household bill/payment mail, which was first presented in the second row of Table 2, is now reported in the fourth row of this table.
The total change is also reported in the fourth row.

Only, that sort of rep don't go down good with th' Old Man."
The Old Man prefers folks with a reputation for being honest and hard-working.

The networks and syndicates have expanded news magazine coverage, political talk shows have multiplied like bacteria, the Sunday shows have grown more slick, and three 24-hour news channels now clog cable television.
There's about 16 political talk shows on Channel 9. 

i attached a little note to my my return when i sent it in saying gee i didn't know i had this extra three hundred dollars i wonder where it went
i stapled a note to my return when i sent it in

There are conducted tours of the house and a walking tour of Joycean North Dublin.
It is possible to have a coffee and a bite at the house during the conducted tours.

Want to register to vote?
Do you want to register to vote? Said the website.

Other programs focus on battered women and children, the disabled, day laborers, community improvement groups and crime victims.
Other programs tend to be of a greater variety of issues, rather than on a narrower scope.

you know what i think's remarkable is uh it seems that what you really need to do to win though is to have a team that has reasonable talent and has some people that have have have really breakthrough years
The key to winning is not amazing talent, but a solid foundation and strong teamwork.

He was hailed for his life-affirming approach to the traumas of the 20 th century
His approach was a very popular way of dealing with trauma.

In his hand he held a cheque.
The cheque he held in his hand was worth $14 million. 

Winning Entry, Rock Pomposity 
Rock Pomposity beat a thousand other entries.

21 Similarly, higher rates would be expected for less elastic categories.
Less elastic categories rates may vary from other factors.

It is also the hub for bus routes around the city.
The city is very large and most people ride the bus to get to their desired location.

Nash did this by constructing a bizarre set of inequalities that left his fellow mathematicians thoroughly befuddled.
Nash was a genius mathematician, that even his fellow didn't understand very well.

Yes, yes, I said impatiently. 
He did not believe me when I said "yes".

Interest on Treasury securities held by revolving funds.
Revolving funds are around 20% of the total interest on Treasury.

If you're not among the world's wealthiest tourists, the good news is that new and nearly new kimono are usually sold for a tiny fraction of their new prices at the big flea markets held at temples, shrines, and other large communal sites.
A wide variety of other items and souvenirs can also be found at these flea markets, many of them also far cheaper than they might be elsewhere.

The appeal lies partly in the weirdness of his obsessions (scantily clad little girls with penises), so pungently suggestive of an imagined world, says New York 's Mark Stevens.
Many people find his obsessions appealing.

 More glorious still is the panorama from the mirador above Es Cale
The whole city can be seen from the miradore above Es Cale.

okay i appreciate it thanks uh-huh
Thanks I needed to hear that.

Peruvian President Alberto Fujimori is in deep  Citizens are angry over his alleged illegal wiretapping and suppression of journalists, and newly discovered documents indicate that he may have been born in Japan rather than Peru, which would make him ineligible for his job.
Fujimori won't confirm if he was born in Japan or Peru despite the new proof.

The sound of the key turning in the lock awoke him from his slumbers.
He's unsure of what woke him for a few moments. 

They instructed the man to go slowly, and watched narrowly so as not to miss the path.
If he missed the path, chances were that he'd never be heard from again.

There are pre-Columbian pieces from Peru and Mexico, including two rare Mayan manuscripts (cedices), replete with the mysterious symbols and delightful illustrations that have long fascinated scholars.
The mysterious symbols are Gothic.

This massive growth has periodically elicited cries from lean-government types.
Certain growth has elicited cries from the lean government types.

Whittington was in a hurry to get rid of you this morning, but next time he'll want to know something more before he parts with his money.
Whittington was nice the first time, but won't be nice the next time.

so but that's also about the time you start getting cabin fever
It's hard to be civil when you're stuck in one place with another person.

According to the F-22 program office, design maturity and manufacturing problems caused a rolling wave effect throughout system integration and final assembly.
The problems in the F-22 program were solved before the end of 2005.

so i've considered even becoming licensed to teach it
I might not need a license to teach it.

(Well, why not?)
Why aren't you going to the family reunion?

The Washington Post 's front-page story notes, Gore has gone to great lengths to conceal Wolf's role.
The Washington Post's story revealed Wolf's secret role.

Charging sliding-scale fees means coming up with a new wage for almost every case one takes, and seldom can practitioners rely on anything more solid than their own judgment.
Sliding scale fees are often used with low income clients.

This was one of the most densely populated parts of the ancient world, with many famous cities to its name Troy, city of the Iliad and the Odyssey, and Smyrna, the birthplace of Homer; Sardis, home of the wealthy King Croesus; Ephesus, where St. Paul preached the gospels; and Halicarnassus, birthplace of the historian Herodotus.
Thousands of ancient history buffs come to this region every year to see these famous places.

He's bald, and he's gonna pay.
I will make this bald headed man pay.

What's all this for?
All this suffering...for what?

Moreover, it will important for Congress to consider issues that will help GAO to recruit, retain and motivate an effective workforce.
Congress' decisions will help hire new personnel.

In order to fulfill its responsibility of effectively overseeing management, the board must have a thorough understanding of the company, its business model and related risks, corporate culture, and the various interests the board represents.
The board has to understand the business model in order to help guide them into the future.

But the record in this regard is not comforting.
The crime record is not comforting at all.

Audit reports should state that the audit was made in accordance with generally accepted government auditing standards.
The audits have specific rules to which they must adhere.

This site provides information about membership, events, and products and services offered by the association.
The site tells us the next meeting is at 6pm on Friday.

The assessment, which is summarized in the preamble to the rule in the Federal Register, was submitted to our Office in its entirety.
The whole assessment was only half a page long.

I hope you can help.
It would make me really happy if you could give your guidance.

There isn't a lady in the room.
There may be some girls here, but there is no lady.

yeah yeah yeah i was uh i told my dad you know it was like listen dad you know that i sleep a lot of hours right
I get enough hours of sleep at night.

I tell you I couldn't.
Trust me, I tried everything I could.

This initiative was specifically designed to bring together executive leadership from newly created statewide LSC-funded programs and the experienced leadership of the more historical statewide programs.
The initiative was created with good intentions, but failed miserably.

yeah um we don't yeah we don't have any but we have you know plenty of sisters and brothers that that have them and
We used to have them, but now you'll have to ask our sisters and brothers.

This subterranean funicular shuttles from the port to the residential district in just six minutes.
It also takes thirteen minutes to get to the town square.

but if someone would come to get them you know they're allowed to leave with them and there's a staff there that makes supper for them and each person has a chore like maybe Wednesday night it's George's turn to set all the tables
The staff would rather not work so they let people like George do it instead

i guess we're um uh we're we're experiencing uh what to me i guess is a surprisingly mild uh winter uh  we've had a lot more warm weather than usual and we haven't had any ice storms uh usually we have at least one um course i've only lived here three years but uh but that in still in that three years you could always count on at least one ice storm
So far, it's gotten up to 17 degrees Celsius this winter. 

when she had these puppies she crawled up onto my mother's stomach in the middle of the bed had the puppies and woke up my mother
Some of the puppies woke up my mother.

How about further south? Can we build a defense further away from the town? asked Jon.
Jon asked if they should build a hideout to the south.

In retrospect that was a mistake, because the moment I stepped outside a crowd was waiting.
I didn't want to see the crowd that was waiting outside.

yeah well that's you know that's an idea maybe there need to be some radical changes made do some things that are totally different and unheard of
The way things are done right now is not efficient.

It feels like a good life, actually.
Things are perfect right now.

Arranged in a descending spiral around it are other tanks representing the denizens of the Pacific Ocean's seismic ring of fire. 
The fish who inhabit the ring of fire have developed a tolerance for heat.

Qualitative Planning of Economic Policy, ed.
With qualitative foresight, economic policy can bring financial gain to oneself.

The towers of the original Roman castle, which has been fully restored, are still a look-out point.
The restoration of the towers for the Roman castle was completed quickly.

They built the six- and eight-story tenements you see today, cramped quarters in buildings twice as high as those permitted elsewhere, with some floors no more than 6 ft high.
People over 6 feet tall will experience discomfort trying to stand up straight.

that'll work to a point well that'd work to a point because some kids are just bad anyway i don't care what you do to them
I wouldn't care if the bad kids got severe punishments.

It's working well.
The machines are up to par.

Still, it is a possibility to be taken into account. 
It's a possibility that everyone should note.

I didn't see how I was ever going to get hold of you alone.
You always seemed to be out of my reach.

The ones that nearly drowned?
They struggled in the water as it went over their heads.

Figures are based on information from the Summary Report of Real Property Owned by the United States Throughout the World as of September 30, 1991, December 1993.
The Summary Report of Real Property Owned by the United States Throughout the World for the year 1991 was used exclusively to create the figures offered in this report.

It was at the banks of this stream that they decided to camp.
They could hear the stream from their tent. 

The giant speaks! said Adrin.
Those nearby listened to hear the words of the giant.

He bowed low and left.
He was showing his respect.

It occupied the slope of the hill south of El-Aksa Mosque, a neighborhood called the Ophel (or the Cityof David).
The Ophel neighborhood is mostly inhabited by wealthy Jerusalemites.

All are in easy reach of Naples' museums, the archaeological remains of Pompeii and Herculaneum, the Vesuvius volcano, and farther down the coast, the Greek temples of Paestum.
Pompeii is currently 75% excavated.

'So,' Derry said, unimpressed.
Derry had seen it before.

it's an interesting job but um
the job is nice but the pay is a bit low

It's an island with a dual personality, each side trying to outsmile the other.
The people on the island are happy because they are all rich.  

On the east wall are two images showing Byzantine emperors and emperesses making offerings to Christ on his throne (to the left), and to the Virgin and Child.
On the west wall, there are many other images to view.  

No leader was so clear-eyed about the century's villains.
The leaders are changing what they see.

He also noted that none of the three clinical trials (Gentillelo's with trauma patients, his own with adolescents, and Longabaugh's in the ED) used physicians or ED staff to conduct interventions.
The three clinical trials were not useful.

The benefits of a proposed regulation are then estimated as the difference in benefit outcomes (e.g.
The benefits of the law are really good for the population. 

Maybe someday we can even have a circus of our own.
Maybe, if we are really clever with our money, we can have our very own circus!

yeah well i heard that that San Antonio unlike like like a city like San Diego it seems it just has it a really bad problem i i i
I heard San Antonio has a bad problem with drugs.

but for the most part i try i have small kids and i try and keep it on just a minimum amount of time really when they're up
They are always playing together.

Good-lookin' animal."Crow Fenner nodded vigorously.
That animal has a nice coat and is a good size.

Beep.
A noise emitted by machines and vehicles, such as when a car door is left open.

A 1992 rule created exemptions for payments by employers to employees and for payments by borrowers to computer loan origination systems.
The same rule also allowed exemptions for payments made on debt borrowed for research and development. 

yeah now rock and roll seems tame compared to like the New Age and all that stuff
Rock and roll has evolved the years to become more tame.

Or, perhaps, that Dole is actually the president of married America?
His pro-family rhetoric has won him great favor from the child-rearing populace.

Care should be taken (1) to ensure that the overtime was approved, preferably in advance, and (2) that the amount and type of overtime (regular or irregular), credit hours, and compensatory time is accurately recorded.
Care shouldn't be taken to ensure that the overtime was actually worked to a good standard.

'Cause, like, I want a Miata.
I am going to get a Miata.

Rogers was an enthusiastic horseman and an experienced polo player.
Although Rogers was experienced at polo, he wasn't very good.

If he does, I'm ready for him." He slapped his pocket.
He hit his pocket and got ready to fight.

Today's growing industrial town, a centre of wood, plastics, and toy making, takes its name from a Roman temple to Diana, the remains of which are on view in the Ayuntamiento.
When the town was named, its inhabitants still worshipped Diana as a deity.

Of course they're having an affair, but Prudie compliments you on your high-minded and generous assessment of the situation.
Prudie is relieved at the generous assessment of the situation.

Merchant shipping doubled in size and increased its income ten-fold as the European fleets were destroyed.
Merchant income and shipping increased after the European fleets were destroyed by bombs.

The raven-haired beauty, her voluptuous curves thrusting against the tight fabric of a low-cut white dress, stood outside the door of the Oval Office near midnight, a come-hither look in her flashing, dark eyes.
The President's mistress would often wait for him outside of his office late at night.

public relations so so you would have a job with a company
Public relations have helped me with many jobs before.

As Wolff's dreams of undeserved riches fade into a mirage, Burn Rate becomes the journal of a loser.
Wolff dreamed about riches because he thought it would help him achieve them.

a lot of a lot of people did but it would have to be a good show
Lots of people did think they would make the trek to see the opening.

Cherries, plums, figs, and other fruits are made into jams.
Some vegetables can also be made into jams.

More ambiguously, it proscribes special access to government officials.
Government officials have special access to emails and private access to track phones without any determined boundaries or required warrant. 

Adrin snorted.
Adrin snorted the cocaine.

Every move was precise, every shift of his foot hadd purpose.
He was trying not to step on his own foot.

From Blea Tarn the road drops sharply down to a T-junction, with signs right to Wrynose Pass.
The road from Blea Tarn to Wrynose Pass is quite treacherous.

Greater economic growth from saving more now would make it easier for future workers to achieve a rising standard of living for themselves while also paying for the government's commitments to the elderly.
The government relied on the amount of savings each employee had in order to plan the budget to help senior citizens.

I've received letters intended for him, phone calls intended for him, compliments intended for him, a publishing solicitation intended for him, even a job offer intended for him (which I turned down).
I've received everything intended for him, so I quit my job.

Oh, but I thought   She paused.
She seemed to have paused, but I was wrong.

LaHaye and Jenkins are both active participants in the absurd and feverish campaign by some evangelical Christians to redefine Judaism in a way that allows for belief in Jesus.
The belief of Jesus is not typical in Judaism.

Suicidal patients, whatever their age or condition, almost always suffer from addiction or mental disease.
Most suicidal patients suffer from addiction or mental disease but can be cured.

Is there anything more redolent of vulgar erotic possibilities?
The suggestions were vulgar.

The expected net realizable value is adjusted at the end of each period, and any further revaluation is also recognized as a gain or loss in determining the net cost of operations.
Net realizable value adjustments must be done every two weeks in order to have correct operational cost figures for the quarter. 

A Better Match of Policy and Incentives Is Needed to Ensure Capture of Design and Manufacturing Knowledge
Annual bonuses and paid vacation time can help to capture design knowledge.

It is important to note that these data reflect in part the fact that pensions are not a universal source of retirement income as is Social Security.
The data reflects information about the pensions of retirees.

Now, to commemorate our first anniversary, in an act of incredible corporate generosity that is every bit as good as providing health insurance (I'm sure that Mr. Gates will make this sort of thing more available should Microsoft prove profitable), Slate
Microsoft became very profitable soon after the first anniversary.

However, other provisions in Title 39 cast into doubt the conclusion that the Service's authority under a 401(3) is sufficiently broad to encompass changes in rates or mail classifications by agreement alone.
 other provisions in Title 26 cast into doubt the conclusion that the Service's authority

The self-deprecating, nonpolitical portrayal earns him advance exposure with what would be a hard-to-reach constituency if he ran for president in 2000.
He got more exposure because people think he is conservative for not mentioning it

But even as a multiracial category blurs the color line, it can reaffirm the primacy of whiteness.
The primacy of whiteness is reaffirmed by multiracial category because it separates people in groups.

i was in high school um-hum he was very good i remember i saw him in a huge stadium in um Philadelphia it was in JFK Stadium it was i don't remember
Eminem came to perform near where I lived while I was in high school.

there's quite a few of them up there uh We started off pretty rough you know pretty much roughing it and we had like i say the Volkswagen bus we'd pull up and just i had fixed up the thing where you could just open up the doors i'd hooked on a little extension and made a tarp for  the side and and
We would rough it in modified VW buses, I loved it.

well mobile homes have changed a lot probably since you had one ours is wood sided ours is wood sided
Our wood sided mobile home is the envy of everyone.

OTHER FINANCING SOURCES - Inflows of resources that increase net position of a reporting entity but that are not revenues or gains.
Other Financing Resources include inheritance money from family. 

Programs begin to conduct exit interviews that seek to understand the reasons for staff turnover.
Staff turnover was unusually high at some of the programs.

There's nothing to worry about in this best-of-all-possible-
Someone is already fixing the issue.

Is it a bargain?"
Do I gain anything from it?

yeah and also the cost of it you know not not not great not uh public school but i can't imagine having to raise a kid now and and have to look to college
College and public schools aren't that great due to their cost.

Dedicated to the goddess Isis, and her main center of worship, it was inaugurated in the fourth century b.c.
Isis is the most powerful of all existing goddesses.

Among key items are Braque's Man with Guitar (1914), Matisse's collage The Sorrow of the King (1952), Dali's Six Images de L??nine sur un Piano (1931), and Andy Warhol's Ten Lizes (1963).
Dali was a more successful artist than Matisse, although Dali loved to prank Picasso.

The information collections contained in the final rule are currently included in HCFA's provider cost report information collections, which have already been approved by the Office of Management and Budget (OMB) pursuant to the Paperwork Reduction Act.
The OMB approves collections very rapidly.  

For some jobs, both case study and noncase study reports can be aggregated,
Case study cannot be aggregated with anything else for other jobs.  

We are going through my mother's papers. 
The papers needed sorting.

The debate was inspired by Adam Gopnik's recent New Yorker review of Florence Rubenfeld's new biography, Clement  A Life , and the Charlie Finch review in ArtNet magazine.
The debate was scheduled for one hour, but lasted for almost two.

Tuppence narrated her adventures with some complacence.
With some complacence Tuppence talked about her adventures and smiled at her audience.

The Bournemouth train left at 3.30.
The train left at 3.30 carrying our intrepid heroes.

As I said before, my father and her mother were brother and sister, just as you might be" Tommy did not correct this view of their relationship "but they didn't always get on together.
Her mother is my aunt and my father is her uncle.

Design reviews are an essential component of the facility acquisition
It is important that a facility is large enough to accommodate the entire finished product.

With the great improvement in the accuracy for 2000, LSC can return to using the reported figures without any adjustment.
The reported figures came from a national survey.

I happen to know for a fact that, far from being in love with her, he positively dislikes her."
There is friction between them.

Or to judge by the milk  It is thin and watery--typical of species that nurse frequently.
Thin and watery milk is cause by frequent nursing.

The fact that anyone can be upset at someone using his own private money to do something helpful when there are vapid rich people doing nothing whatever to help anyone is strange, indeed.
There are rich people who do nothing to help anyone because they are greedy and selfish.

Some legal aid programs tap the significant resources of other community organizations in an effort to expand their reach.
Some legal aid programs ask for monetary donations from our community organizations. 

a716(a), which requires each agency to give GAO information the Comptroller General requires about the duties, powers, activities, organization, and financial transactions of the agency.
GAO receives information about the Comptroller General.

During its subsequent two and a half centuries of rule from the new capital established at Edo, the Tokugawa organized a tightly controlled coalition of some 260 daimyo in strategic strongholds throughout the country.
The coalition of 260 daimyo fell apart after 10 years.

Then he saw Shannon jerk away from that aid, walking stiffly toward Casa Grande while Rennie stood for an instant looking after the younger man before following him.
Shannon had to get to Casa Grande fast before his Father left.

Bork made a face as he tasted it, but he ate it in silence.
It tasted like used gym socks and sea weed.

I should suggest to-morrow morning about ten o'clock." Julius flushed.
I would not be able to make any meetings prior to that time.

There's nothing left.
Everything had been completely destroyed.

(But no, Randy, that's not fair, and you know it.
Randy, this is not fair, and you know it.

The second statement is that the rate difference should be equal to the average incremental savings for the worksharing program.
The average incremental savings are slightly more at the moment.

At the east end of the Louvre is the Cour Carr??e, covering the original fortress built by Philippe Auguste in 1190 to protect Paris from river attack while he was away on a crusade.
The original fortress served its purpose for 7 centuries.

Still angry, Lewis writes, Throughout my years in the movement ...
There were times in the movement where Lewis doubted his own beliefs.

it's loud and repetitious without having a great deal of meaning now i do like folk song um and there have been some nice folk songs over the years that you know kind of still hang around
Only the best folk songs hang around. 

I can bring them out then."
They are going to bring their dogs out.

yeah they've got an awful lot of good draft picks coming up it's going to be interesting to see what they do with them
I am excited to see who they pick from the draft.

Fourth, we conducted a quantitative sensitivity test on one aspect of the PM-mortality dose-response function.
The test that was conducted helped pinpoint data for the research.

The deciding factor in what stays and goes, apart from charm, is often the  Who is associated with it?
Even though this blanket is really warm and just my style, I'm going to get rid of it because my ex boyfriend gave it to me?

i i find him such an embarrassment and uh i mean the the the idea of Collin Powell well he's so powerful or he's so popular now
I find Clinton so embarrassing.

Within the complex'dedicated to Hathor, her cows head form decorates the columns of the Hypostyle Hall is a sanctuary where Ramses and Nefertari made offerings to the gods, and one showing the Pharaoh himself worshipping his deified wife.
Historically, the Hypostyle Hall holds extreme significance. 

He's 'bout th' most peaceful hombre I ever rode with."
He's so peaceful because he took a vow of silence.

you know it's not something that's continual because you know the television ratings don't come out you know all the time they only come out four times a year so
There are many good TV ratings, but they aren't continual.

One kind of ranch, catering to the resort trade, provides a quiet seaside jog.
Tourists like to hike along the seaside at resorts.

With poverty and unemployment rising along with foreign debt, and Islamic fundamentalists spurning negotiation and resorting to violence, Hosny Mubarak, the nation's president since 1980, has enormous problems to solve.
There are many problems and very little time to fix them.

I get along famously with both of them, and they get along famously with each other ...
I have many friends in common with them.

Ah! said the Coroner. 
The coroner knew the cause of death.

The press, as many have complained, overemphasizes the horse race aspect of politics.
A lof of people think the political circus gets too much attention rather than the issues.

Top of a Quiet World
North pole of quiet Mars

close to sea level
The treasure is around sea level.

Analysts construed the project as a coalition bid for mainstream credibility
Analysts construed the project in five days.

Using an analogy, we can say that the case study analyst seeks to explain 100 percent of the variance by relying on a data base that includes more variables than most quantitative studies can accommodate, over more points in time, and on a method that draws on the integrative powers of the mind, which computers do not have.
using an analogy we can say the analyst seeks to explain 100 percent of variance by using data base with more variables than quantitative studies can accommodate due to their limited nature.

Agency actions relevant to sections 202-205 of the Unfunded Mandates Reform Act of 1995, 2 U.S.C.
The agency did a lot of things to reform the mandates. 

but the thing is like the US government got nothing out of it
It seemed liked a good deal, but the US never got anything from it. 

Anyone who thinks that consilience is banal or obvious is invited to read my debates with the sociologist Alan Wolfe in Slate and with the biologist Steven Rose in Edge.
Alan Wolfe has been a sociologist for ten years.

 Dave stared up at the mottled dome above him and at the dull clod--certainly a mandrake--who was still carrying the sample.
Dave wished he could see the dome above him.

By her last will, dated August of last year, after various unimportant legacies to servants, etc., she gave her entire fortune to her stepson, Mr. John Cavendish."
John Cavendish inherited a large lump sum.

The critics I spoke to, however, offered credible arguments.
The arguments were credible and honest.

The Egyptians asked for international help to fund the projects, and UNESCO stepped in to provide money and expertise.
Besides UNESCO, some smaller organizations provided funding and aid to Egypt as well.

This is Eilat's best dairy restaurant, generously serving delicious vegetarian dishes and salads in enormous portions.
The restaurant serves vegetarian food and kebabs.

Their trite comments say a lot more about the state of modern American neighborliness than they do about the neighbors themselves.
American neighbors are the worst in the world.

Your mother, you tell me, had a violent quarrel with, some one yesterday afternoon, , 
Your mother got into a fight with the UPS man,

Apparently it's easier to make a mouse talk than to come up with something interesting for him to say (Kenneth Turan, the Los Angeles Times ).
The mouse speaks a lot and looks good doing it, but adds nothing to the story.

But his Web site can continue to pump out a Netcast with no interference.
Producing netcast is important to maintaining the system.

As Drew unstrapped those he wore and fitted the new pair to his boots, a brown, calf-bound book thudded to the floor.
Drew had been trying on several and could not find any suitable.

just to read them well that's good
Tell hte guy that all is good.

because it just doesn't work all the time it doesn't fit there are circumstances that are different but i do think if you come to America and you're going to live here and you're going to go to our schools and do all of this speak our language
It is best for you to speak the same language as us if you move to America.

How the hell am I supposed to fix this?
How am I supposed to make this feud better?

Ah no, you know.
It is certain you know this.

sometimes i i want to plant something there's not enough room to plant it some of those things like uh you know the things that vine like uh cucumbers or uh
There's not enough room to plant some of the thing I want, I'm going to make more space.

The auditor should also review previous studies or audits of the acquisition project and of the agency's information resources management functions.
The review of the studies by the auditor should cover all parts of the study.

uh one of mine does the Himalayan Persian the little himmy
Only one of mine does.

However, they said that such measurements would be difficult because it is costly to do the research and recordkeeping necessary to develop information on (1) the full cost of controls--both the initial cost and operational inefficiencies associated with the controls--and (2) the full cost of incidents or problems resulting from inadequate controls.
Record keeping expenses alone will account for 80% of the costs.  

where to start
Choose an origination point.

You had a discussion with your wife on Tuesday afternoon? 82 "Pardon me," interrupted Alfred Inglethorp, "you have been misinformed. 
You had a conversation with your wife on Tuesday.

This spot is unbeatable for a picnic, or simply to contemplate nature's wonders.
The trees provide ample shade for any picnic goers.

and uh Charlotte went up in the uh middle of the season
Charlotte went up the ski slope in the middle of the season like a fool.

When an Oregon Supreme Court Justice arrived at Central Oregon's Office of Legal Aid Services Wednesday evening about 30 minutes late and with wind-blown hair, nobody thought much of it.
The justice system is very relaxed in Oregon.

Thank you for inviting me to your wonderful Country and the beautiful city of Toronto to talk with you about the subject that has been the primary focus of my professional life over the last twenty-seven years-the provision of high quality legal services to people who could not otherwise afford legal aid.
Many people cannot afford high quality legal aid.

You mentioned yesterday that today you were going to take on his concluding section.
You said you were very happy to take on his concluding section.

I keep thinking that maybe if he saw what holidays would be like without us, he would realize what he's missing.
He neglects us and should realize how much worse holidays would be without us. 

Because the $50,000 prize to be announced July 29 is for the artist's whole oeuvre and not the work submitted for the show, I would award it, if forced to choose, to South African William Kentridge, who is known for powerful , many with anti-apartheid themes.
The winner of the $50,000 prize will be announced on national television. 

2 Since 1990, the Congress and the President have taken action to eliminate the annual federal budget deficit through several initiatives including the Budget Enforcement Act of 1990, the Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1993, and the Balanced Budget Act of 1997.
The President has vetoed 2 bills designed to balance the federal budget.

Congress and the administration have repeatedly expressed a commitment to more fully link resources to results.
Congress and the administration are in frequent contact.

Instead of trying to tame inner-city housing projects with different kinds of architecture, lower density, and income mixing, the Department of Housing and Urban Development should redefine its  to help its tenants escape the ghetto.
Income mixing has been moderately succcessful.

Perhaps the better conceit than credibility is consistency . The consistent Israeli policy, for instance, of not giving concessions to terrorists is widely acknowledged to have stymied the once common hijackings and other acts of terror directed against Israel.
Hijackings have reduced in number because of new restrictions on aircraft security.

they won't be as functional as like a cassette player where if you heard something you could record it you know uh if you have i guess if you wanted to record something to play out in your car or something that you'd heard or that you owned an album of so CDs won't be nearly as handy
It is much easier to make a recording with a cassette, that's why they are still for sale.

In certain cases, labor market studies have not adequately controlled for non-fatal injury risks and other unfavorable job attributes (e.g.
The studies could be conducted better to consider the other injuries.

He waited.
He waited by the door.

It continues through the turbulent eras of Scottish history for both church and state, and on to the industrial developments of modern times.
There are turbulant areas in Scottish history that involve alot of murder and unrest.

Merely wandering the streets of Havana, Santiago, or Trinidad, you're likely to stumble across a party with a live band, or even a back alley where some impromptu jamming is going on.
Havana has lively parties and people enjoy reveling.

Set high on a bluff overlooking the coastline at Galina Point is Firefly, the former home of Noel Coward, dean of British theater and cinema and the archetypal Englishman.
Noel Coward sold the houses before he died.

The amount of ammonia or urea reagent needed can be estimated with good confidence as constituting a small portion of available supply.
It's easy to estimate these 2 agents with minimal information provided.

That night, I went to Derry's apartment.
I went to visit Derry's apartment at 8pm.

As you drive along the winding road up to Vernou, notice the trees with huge, strange roots.
At some points the roots extend to up to five feet above the ground.

A much larger number of structures put up 800 or more years ago did not survive.
Structures that are 800-year old or older did not survive because of the wear and tear they have suffered through the centuries.

But to a man with a hammer everything looks like a nail.
It's hard for a man who wants to attack to find an object he doesn't want to go after.

The church is dominated by the massive nave and graceful flying buttresses linking the five chapels to the chancel.
The massive nave is larger than the church itself. 

no i'm renting at the time so
I'm renting because it's cheaper.

(If this national prerogative weren't preserved, Helms and company would be the first to object.)
Helms was a big proponent of the the national prerogative.

oh uh that would be a nightmare and just i mean just getting getting it going
There are ten different things that have to be done in order to get it going, and that would be a nightmare.

In its fine arcaded courtyard, notice a bronze statue of Napoleon, who was responsible for turning the Brera into a national gallery with confiscations from the Church and recalcitrant nobles.
The gallery is known as one of Napoleon's finest accomplishments.

It would be embarrassing if a lot of Slate readers failed this test, so I'm going to make it easy by adopting a very broad definition of rationality.
Slate readers will be taking this one hour test online.

That was what George Bush tried to do after Reagan.
They stopped George Bush doing what he intended after Reagan.

The FDA solicits comments on the information collections contained in the final rule until December 6, 1996, regarding the necessity of the collection, the estimate of the burden hours and ways to minimize the burden including electronic submission of responses.
The FDA asks for comments on the way information is collected by the researchers studying drug safety.

Jack all right yes yes we've been here we're we're in Plano but we've been here about uh eighteen years
We really like living in Plano.

Instead of boos and shouts, we have only I hear hisses from several locations.
The play was just that bad.

oh okay well then she could go if she was interested
She could go to the bar with me if she was interested.

Alternatively known as the Palazzo Barberini or the National Gallery of Antique Art (Galleria Nazionale d'Arte Antica) (on the Via delle Quattro Fontane), another architectural battleground for arch-rivals Borromini and Bernini, is worth a visit as much for its splendid Baroque decor as for its collection of 13th 17th-century paintings.
Borromini and Bernini were romantic as well as architectural rivals.

The maritime republic of Genoa rose to challenge Venice's supremacy.
Venice's supremacy was not challenged ever before.

In this paper, we add an adjustment for counter costs.
We add an adjustment because counter costs eat up 25% of the budget.

So, do you think I am obligated to invite him?
I really do not want to invite him.  

If you're not going Europaper, the mom and pop operations are definitely the best value.
The Europaper is more expensive for mom and pops.

An autocrat! 
A despot!

If you visit only one place on Jamaica outside your hotel, then this should be  a place of fantastic natural beauty and flowing water that epitomizes the Arawak name for Jamaica, Xaymaca ( land of wood and water ).
People visit Jamaica for its natural beauty and lovely beaches.

However, if the second possibility were correct, then both George Bush Sr.'s and George W.' southern identities would have to be called into question.
Both George Bush Sr and his son may not be as Southern as people think they are because there's some questions about their family tree. 

uh North Carolina State
I attended North Carolina State University. 

belt loops and uh i just i decided to stay home with with her and we're we're expecting our second child any day now in fact i'm past due  well so so i just so we've been real pleased that our that that i that i haven't to to use the  we haven't had to use day care but because what we found we just didn't like at all
I decided to be a stay at home mom because daycares are so scary.

their examination in a separate report of the park service actions at Delaware Water Gap National Recreation area in awarding a lease, closing a camp ground, and raising a house rent (U.S.
A camp ground was closed so the Recreation area could use those funds on protecting the water supply.

The Germanic traditions and language of the north became distinct from the Gallo-Roman traditions longer preserved in the Medi?­ter?­ra?­nean basin.
Over the years, the German traditions and language became foreign to those in the Gallo-Romans.

Modern pragmatism is a powerful brew of relativism--the idea that all truths are situational--and the optimistic belief that things work themselves out in the end.
Some people believe all truths apply to every situation.

um the only one that i watch religiously is LA Law
I watch LA Law most days, including weekends.

Now, about this young Tommy of yours  "
Tommy is in trouble.

The Greeks dubbed it Ebysos, the Romans called it Ebusus, and the Moors, Yebisah.
In Greek, Ebysos; In Roman, Ebusus; In Moors, Yebisah; In English, Ebausis.

The best teams--D.C.
The best soccer teams.

Hotels will be able to arrange for deep-sea fishing and waterskiing.
Many tourist have asked about deep-sea fishing and water skiing to hotel staff.

The mission of the Coast Guard's Office of Marine Safety, Security and Environmental Protection is to protect the public, the environment, and
This wasn't always the mission of the Coast Guard's Office of Marine Safety, Security and Environmental Protection.

The next day he noticed his skin was smoother, even though he didn't apply his usual moisturizing cream the night before, because he was too preoccupied with getting addicted in a truly grand style.
His usual routine was to apply a liberal amount of cream to his face at night right before going to bed.

And in Rosenberger, the fact that student newspapers expressed many different points of view was an important foundation for the Court's decision to invalidate viewpoint-based restrictions.
Student newspapers had lots of points of view, which bolstered their case in the Supreme Court.

But one, one quite near to me...one was unmistakable.
The one really stood out.

Stewart sold 99.5 percent of her ranch to the railroad.
The railroad bought the majority of Stewart's ranch to build more railroad tracks.

They know you and they know this place.
The cops already know you and where you live. 

The New York Times offered moral indignation
The New York Times wrote a story about how distasteful the situation was

But here the civic sights take second place to the royal parks and palaces.
Everyone loves the royal parks more than the civic sights.

Estimating benefits for visibility is a more difficult and less precise exercise than estimating health benefits because the endpoints are not directly or indirectly valued in markets.
Health benefits can include improved blood pressure and softer skin.

yeah i had a uh a uh sixteen foot hundred and nine horse power cylinder one and i i had that for two or three years and then i traded it for a eighteen foot uh two hundred and twenty horsepower V eight
My old engine finally gave out on me while I was in the middle of a jump.

overload news overload
There is a news overload because there is just so much information on tv all the time.

and it's like all these pawns on this chess big all these players on this big chess game you know and it's a world championship and who is ultimately going to get the power who's going to get put in checkmate and who's going to be ruled out of the game
Like in chess games, there is usually a winner and a loser.

Then again, if you could use grunge and Social Security reform in the same sentence, you could have been a Gen X pundit.)
You could be a Gen X pundit if you could use grunge, plaid and Social Security reform in the same sentence.

Be sure to plan ahead through the Tourist Information Office or a Delhi travel agency, because admission to the park is by permit only.
The park has strict security measures to prevent attacks by extremists.

Look out for jewelry along carrer Plateria, and try carrer Jaume II for clothing and fans.
There is jewelry sold along Plateria is very expensive but the most beautiful you will find anywhere.

It had already been done--and had failed.
It had failed the fist time it was attempted.

Eilat is the place for water activities.
Although it is the best, Eilat is not the only place for water activities.

so lots of times i'll just play cassettes instead of listening to the radio actually but uh most of my cassettes i guess i don't i don't like hard rock
All of my cassettes are definitely hard rock. 

Nanzenji is a former 13th-century palace whose precincts now house a dozen affiliated temples and monasteries.
There are more temples than monasteries in Nanzenji.

Why, again? 
There must be a reason.

Resident aliens are allowed to enter and leave the United States temporarily without relinquishing their status.
All resident aliens have a special VISA type issued to them by the U.S.

1999: FDA Approves Nicotine Eye Patch
In 1999 the FDA approved the nicotine eye patch along with nicotine gum. 

'Go on. Shoo.'
It's too dangerous, leave.

Meanwhile, merger mania has seized the telecom industry.
Merger mania has frenzied executives in telecom.

um good exercise and some of the desired results but you you're doing it for fun
It's good exercise to run but it's also enjoyable.

what is it Duxbury
What is the name of the town, Duxbury?

Historically two barriers have interfered with broad participation in pro bono projects.
Pro bono projects needed more work 

Queen Helena, a devout Christian and the mother of Emperor Constantine the Great, made a pilgrimage to the Holy Land in 326 to identify the sites associated with Jesus's life.
Jesus would have wanted a queen to scope out his hot spots.

Appendix I provides a list of the participants.
Appendix I is a list of participants for this auction.

yeah and you know but it's  my brother goes everybody in my family had to do it and they go you know it's just a year and a half of your life that's that's totally wasted you don't do anything else there's no time and you don't do anything
You just have to sit there and do nothing else during the process.

i don't know pretty it's for yeah i think at the same time it's for some people to you know help them grow in other areas
Every talented person would benefit from doing it.

Hungry  Mao's Secret Famine , by Jasper Becker (Free Press).
Hungry Mao's Secret Famine is the fourth book by Jasper Becker. 

An' who th' devil are you? His voice was thick and slurred.
His voice was fully drunken and his breath smelled of whiskey.

Seventy pieces of this remarkable work survive out of an original hundred.
The remarkable work is coveted by many treasure hunters.

Severn paled and didn't speak for a moment.
Severn was silent, then screamed.

In 12 of the 25 DOL rules allowing participation by facsimile, commenters had to submit original written comments as well.
Written comments are more difficult to submit.

What if the Commission chose to ignore this divergence in costs and hit First-Class mail with a larger increase?
What if the Commission chose to ignore this divergence in costs because of pressure from Congress?

Hochschild wants to say that we can reclaim safe haven in our family life from a market-dominated world, but her idea of a solution ends up sounding like the ultimate triumph of the commodified mentality.
Hochschild has other ideas that are equally dastardly.  

This discussion was co-facilitated by Colleen Cotter (Indiana Legal Services) and Robert Gross (LSC) and focused on the challenges of creating a service delivery model that is client-centered through client leadership in the state planning process and through client involvement on boards of directors.
Ms Cotter and Mr Gross have over 25 years of legal aid experience between them.

Whether he could do it or not with a rider bearing down on him was unknown but they would both find out.
Being so stressed with a rider bearing down on him he wasn't sure whether or not he could do it but they would both find out soon.

Ca'daan's smile broke the dark vision, however.
Ca'daan has a very bright smile.

West of Damascus Gate and Highway 1 is the new city of West Jerusalem.
West Jerusalem can handle more traffic than the historic part of town.

Chambers developed increasing reservations in his later years about the direction the American right was taking, distancing himself first from Joe McCarthy, then from Richard Nixon, and even from William Buckley Jr.'s National Review . But Chambers' importance lies, finally, not in his politics but in his romantic penchant for the extremes of the psychic and political undergrounds.
Chambers would not talk about the Nixon administration in any interview he gave.

Coming from Zion Gate, you should bear right to reach the entrance; note that no visits are allowed between noon and 2pm.
Visits are restricted around noon so the staff can eat lunch.

and their Social Security and maybe they're in a nursing home somewhere and they cut some of this stuff and what happens to them
They won't be able to afford the nursing home if they cut off some of this stuff.

In Dr. Seuss'  Well, what would you say, if a mother asked you?
Would you answer if a mother asked you?

The 13th-century town hall, Palazzo del Popolo, houses the civic museums.
The Palazzo del Popolo had to be restored a couple of times.

The other gentile who enters my story, and in a more important way, is George Shultz.
George Shultz is the other angry gentile who enters my story without an introduction.

(Billy is said to be the family peacemaker.)
Billy wants his siblings to be close.

Bottomless Mug
A novelty mug.

Therefore, if all companies are permanently on notice that bad behavior will eventually be punished, they have an incentive to behave well at all times.
If all companies knew that bad behavior will eventually be punished, they are more likely to behave well, said the manager.

It was, as I said, a favorable review.
I think that the review was very honest in addition to being favorable.

and it just seems to fit nicely so that i can get it read in about three days
I could read it one day if I crammed it.

It also has a performance space for dance, drama, and other programs upstairs.
The performance space can be rented out by anyone.

But...The Personality Simulations are very simple, though.
THe simulations are easy to complete.

These efforts are not advanced by unsupported suggestions of hypocrisy, such as are contained in Weisberg's column.
These efforts are hindered by unsupported suggestions of hypocrisy.

However, the Departments indicate that the rules have been designed to be the least
The rules are not considered to be important at this organization.

but they weren't
They were not the ones.

Its 18 percent alcohol content can sneak up on you.
It is easy to overindulge in it.

The house became the property of the British military in 1814 and was selected as the seat of the island legislature in 1872, when the capital was moved from Spanish Town to Kingston.
There was a lot of anger over the British taking of the house.

The 1990s even saw a major overhaul, when Charlotte introduced magnet schools devoted to excellence in a single area, such as math, and open to students from all neighborhoods--to give whites extra incentive to travel long distances to school.
The 1990's saw things changing a lot for the education of minorities.

The local population of St. Elizabeth Parish still makes a living from fishing, and their wooden boats rest high on the dark, volcanic sand.
The volcanic sand attracts fish for the people to fish for and eat.

On Meet the Press , Lamar Alexander said of Bush's  We need to define what we mean.
On Meet the Press, Lamar Alexander said of Bush's We need to say what is meant by parties.

on the on the real nice color but uh i i like spring i like i like the reason it's i like that spring comes quickly here
The spring is my favorite time of year.

Postal Service delivery costs proportion should be the smallest of any postal service.
They wanted to reduce times to help save money.

I took the oilskin packet from round my neck and shoved it right in as far as I could.
I took the packet from my neck and pushed it to the right about two inches.

Let's pause for a moment to map the nuances of that pitch.
Wait, I can't focus, let's find out how that pitch changed.

Time reports on a peculiar development in medical  fake operations.
The report is startling because there are a lot of instances of fake operations.

Drug prices have fallen slightly in the last three years.
Drug prices have fallen due to lack of demand. 

The analyst searches for clusters or paths in the data, using verbal notes and graphic aids, reviewing field data and other records of observations, until a pattern is evident.
The analyst looks for patterns in the data gathered from the postal workers.

So how much did it sell for?
It was sold for $500.

The scen-ery is more spectacular towards the southwest corner of the island, where the hamlet of Es Cubells, reached by road from Sant Josep, occupies a land's-end position overlooking rocks and the blue sea.
The distance from Sant Josep to Es Cubells is 12 miles.

Rolled 'round a bush an' saw you git it!
The bush was easily big enough to hide a person.

You're all off your heads. 
You are all not making any sense.

Like other revolving funds, it earns exchange revenue, which is an offset to its gross cost.
Non-revolving funds do not earn any revenues.

When defined benefit pension plans lose money the plan sponsor, typically the employer, will ultimately bear the cost of the loss.
Most employers do not offer defined benefit pension plans. 

At the southern extremities of the National Park are areas of limestone with so-called  clint and grike  patterns, caused when rainfall erodes weaker fissures, leaving high narrow ridges or overhangs of stronger rock.
Narrow ridges can only be round in the southern part of the park.

This trend has led to many more demolitions, including the Dunes (replaced by Bellagio), Aladdin (the new Aladdin) and Sands (Venetian) hotels.
The trend of building things bigger and better has caused many hotel demolitions in Las Vegas.

Spur R that's a new one to me. 
Spur R is new and unfamiliar to him.

well yeah i know oh i haven't watched it in ages but uh you know
I don't remember the last time I watched it though.

uh-huh i don't you know i don't change my own oil so i don't i don't uh don't have that problem
I only let a mechanic change the oil in my car. 

Ajami's book is an indispensable guide to why anyone in the Arab world still listens to it.
Ajami's book is about cooking. 

A sidebar says Monica combed Gennifer Flowers' autobiography for tips on how to seduce the president.
Monica read Gennifer Flowers' autobiography from cover to cover.

oh i guess i really don't know
I haven't thought about it enough to know.

The rule is that you must be psychologically and physiologically identical to our profiles of Benjamin Franklin, as close to indistinguishable as possible.'
I have to insist that you are just like Ben Franklin.

He used to say that all good detective work was a mere matter of method. 
Good detectives follow the rules. 

A notice of proposed rulemaking was published on December 27, 1996, 61 Fed.
The rule that was published angered many citizens.

So he should stay in the Senate and continue to make trouble.
So he might cause trouble in the Senate due to his radical beliefs.

As they focus on the outcomes they hope to achieve, federal managers increasingly are finding that the traditional ways they measured their success-and thus the traditional ways they did business and provided services-are no longer appropriate or practical.
Managers have responded by trying to switch focus away from outcomes so they wont have to change.

um yeah yeah because they they like to get in and fertilize things too but uh why would it be illegal
Fertilizing things is in fact illegal, but only under certain distinct circumstances.

uh which ones
Which ones do you like?

upper and lower yeah right
Not really any other area.

Take route N 247 to Monte Berico and Palladio's most celebrated building, the hilltop Villa Rotonda, considered one of the most perfect buildings ever constructed and Palladio's finest.
The Villa Rotonda is on top of the tallest hill in the region.

If someone thinks we need to modify our regulations to encourage niche classification cases, let us know.
We only want to hear to learn of the interest in a possible updated product.

When a college audience annoys him by clamoring for Latka and Mighty Mouse, Carrey as Kaufman proceeds to read all of The Great Gatsby on stage.
Andy Kaufman is excellently played by Carrey.

gosh bear bait
Bait to hunt animals with.

Even liberal economists who are opposing the CPI adjustment understand how good the status quo is for the GOP.
The status quo is good for the GOP because of the amazing plan that our president has made for it.

um no probably well i'm not  the problem is i'm i'm really into cars and so it's not a uh
I really am not that into trucks.

On Meet the Press , White House Chief of Staff John Podesta  We're not negotiating, Tim.
Podesta said they are not negotiating with terrorists

In the short term, killing slow-moving products, shuttering factories, and eliminating layers of management can cut costs so dramatically as to make a company profitable even if its sales shrink.
Dramatic cuts in cost can save a dying company.

The town of Antiparoseeems to move at a slower pace than Parikia; in fact, the town can be almost somnolent out of season.
There is far less night life in Antiparo than in Parikia.

I'll recap a little.
I don't mind saying it again.

A garden (not always open to the public) connects the Hotel de Soubise with its twin, the Hotel de Rohan, on Rue Vieille-du-Temple.
Both hotels were constructed at the same time, but the garden was added later.

At the top of the stairs Tommy halted to consider his next move.
His next move was just around the corner.

It would shift the debate with Al Gore to a subject Bradley talks about with total confidence and authority.
Bradley will completely dominate the debate.

Keen walkers enjoy this tip of the island, but for many it is a little too invigorating for comfort.
For keen walkers, this tip of the island is basically considered a rite of passage.

I guess that'll be all right! said a new voice, with a transatlantic intonation, "though I'd like to point out, here and now, that things are getting a mite difficult.
We don't have much time to do this!

Belle, Deborah.
Deborah's last name is belle

it is it's a tough subject it really is
That tough subject is the wage gap.

This value does not reflect the 5-year lag adjustment and the adjustment for changes in real income over time that are included in the mortality valuation in our national benefits summaries.
The 5-year lag adjustment can wing company profits dramatically.

Japan has never experienced the kind of large-scale immigration or even until the postwar US occupation from 1945 to 1952 foreign invasion that has made for social conflict in other countries.
Because Japan is xenophobic, there are very few immigrants living there.

The conversation inside was being carried on in too low a tone to permit of her hearing anything of it.
She was trying to listen to the conversation inside.

The room was in great disorder.
The room had clothes all over the floor. 

The liveliest fruit and vegetable market is to be found on Piazza di San Cosimato.
Piazza di San Cosimato holds the busiest and best fruit and veg market in town.

More often than not, the harried man walking briskly along the street while taking his call often waving an arm in animated fashion has a business empire of restaurants, car-rental agencies, ticket offices, and studio apartments to manage.
Arm-waving is a telltale sign of financial success.

right well the mechanic doesn't see that you know it's the owner or the dealer who sees the big bucks
The mechanic gets paid by the hour.

The final rule contains information collection requirements which have been changed from the requirements of the interim rule information collections.
The interim rule information collection requirements were too complicated.

(Actually, some of the bombs were pretty good movies, like Wolf and Remains of the Day, while others, like the much-maligned Last Action Hero with Arnold Schwarzenegger, were failures in an interesting way.)
Wolf and Remains of the Day are highly recommended.

It decided to invalidate the smallest possible portion of the statute, excising only the viewpoint-based proviso rather than the entire exception of which it is a part.
It invaldated part of the statute because the higher court said it wasn't valid.

Olorosos (which include the brown and cream varieties) are sweet, heavy, and dark, and go well with dessert.
Olorosos is a drink that is popular with desserts.

The first question to Bauer Wednesday was, Don't you just give this story more momentum by doing this?
They asked Bauer if he gave the story more momentum by talking about it on tv.

No, Clinton's total concentration should be on the eyeballs of Ken Starr.
Ken did not want Clinton's concentration.

These were no profiteers or bandits.
No one was doing anything illegal.

Likely fans of my article will be shown, say, the first couple of paragraphs.
Fans of my article will be shown a few paragraphs to get them interested in reading the whole thing.

Poirot and I had, of course already seen it. 
I tried to keep my knowledge to myself. 

They'll send someone to do it quietly.'
They'll send someone to fix the roof without disturbing the family. 

and it's really impractical so i wanted something with a real trunk and four doors something easy to get in and out of and i looked at the Galant and those were really nice and you can get them for a great price
I wanted something that would be easy for passengers to get out of.

Farmers continue as precariously as ever, scratching a living from the arid, rocky soil.
The farmers are successful.

The woman had called the day before she was to be evicted from her apartment.
The woman was panicked when she called because she had nowhere to go.

The city's Champagne cellars are in fact 250 km (155 miles) of galleries quarried out of the city's chalk foundations back in the days of Roman Gaul.
There are champagne cellars that are deep underground.

Infies was his name for them.
Infies was his name for them for no clear reason.

The war broke out in Hawaii as nowhere else in America with the surprise attack on Pearl Harbor (7 December 1941).
The axis forces were responsible for the attack.

Other marauders gathered and placed tankards under the gushing bodies.
They were trying to keep them alive.

Oh, if only the young American was in his room! 
I wish the American was in his room so I could see his face.

um-hum i know it was kind of exciting at first but and then i know the first night of the bombing we had it was a Wednesday and we had home church and we had a surprise birthday party planned for a sixteen year old
We had home church and a meal during the first night of the bombing.

About 22,000 employers were identified as hard core discriminators.
Employers found to have discriminatory practices were publicly shamed.

Her lawyer, however, is questioning the reliability of the confession, obtained during an all-night interview.
The interview lasted until 2 in the morning. 

I began to get scared, but I didn't quite see what to do.
I was scared because a vicious tiger was loose in the house.

Santana is home to a quaint but primitive style of housing A-shaped structures known as palheirosenot to be confused with the A-shaped cow huts that dot the hillsides all over Madeira).
The houses in Santana are inspired by cow huts.

My wife has an equally modern approach to marriage as I do.
My wife and I have not always agreed on our approach to marriage. 

But none of us should leave the room without an understanding that for parents all over the country, the fear is real, the problems of raising kids are real.
Parents are afraid for their children, some of. 

If they had had to wait until patients were sober, many would be discharged because in his ED, patients are discharged when staff estimate their BAC is below 0.08 g/dl.
The level of BAC of 0.08 g/dl is not elevated enough to consider a patient to be intoxicated, according to staff in the ED. 

It is difficult to conceive how Barak can remove 17,000 folks from the Golan and thousands more from the West Bank without fracturing his government.
Barak will struggle to take 30,000 people from the West Bank and not hurt his own government.

The eastern section of Madeira isn't as mountainous as its center, but it has some wonderful coastal spots, a handful of attractive small towns, productive agricultural fields, and a long, surreal promontory that juts out into the Atlantic.
The eastern part of Maderia is a big plateau.

well i can't either i appreciate the call though
We spoke for a long time on this call.

Neither the latitude for government speech nor its rationale applies to subsidies for private speech in every instance, however.
Government speech applies to private speech.

The rule is not covered in the judicial review provisions recently added to the Regulatory Flexibility Act by the Small Business Regulatory Enforcement Act of 1996 (Pub.
The rule needs to be further defined before implementation.

don't have to do anything
But if you want, you can do something.

The Justice Department has sued the developers, contractors, architect and civil engineer of two large apartment complexes in Olathe, alleging violations of the Fair Housing Act requirement that multifamily housing be accessible to the disabled.
It is expected that the Justice Department will succeed with its lawsuit.

Indicators of recovery of lakes and streams do not show consistent change in response to reduced SO2 emissions.
Indicators of recovery of waterways doesn't show a change when SO2 emissions are reduced by under 15%.

The Task Force Report has been accepted by the Association's Board of Governors and Chancellor Gordon has appointed a special committee to be chaired by Chancellor-Elect Audrey C. Talley to consider the Report's observations and recommendations and suggest possible action to the Board.
The task force was very happy to have had their report accepted, finally.

yeah their interest right their interest rate's twenty two percent
Their interest rate was been increasing a lot over the years.

uh now it's a little more expensive to make it because you you know you start paying the price for the patterns and the material but it's still such better quality that i think it's worth it
I'm usually able to use a pattern for two or three projects.

You can take safaris lasting from one to three days on camel, or by four-wheel-drive vehicle where all supplies are included, or simply head off on quad bikes for an afternoon of fun in the sand dunes.
It is dangerous to go into the desert on quadbikes for more than five hours.

And if you really cannot face the excitement and exhilaration of croseng Wrynose and Hardknott passes, this road offers a far less taxing way to reach the coast and the far west of the Lakeland.
The Wrynose pass is known for its awe-inspiring vistas and plateaus. 

But they in turn were ousted in a.d. 645 by Nakatomi Kamatari, founder of the great Fujiwara clan, which was to rule Japanese affairs for hundreds of years and provide prominent advisers to the emperor even up to the 19th century.
The Fujiwara clan no longer has any political influence.

He tried to butt Jon with the end of his spear but Jon pushed it aside and kicked the man hard in the thigh.
Jon kicked the man so hard he died.

because it looked so formidable um then then just
It looked pretty damn awesome.

The oldest of this coast's resorts, Trouville, is now a slightly down-market Deauville, but just as lively.
The Deauville was inspired by the Trouville.

The huge stones slid remorselessly forward onto the prepared beds of rubble.
The huge stones covered the beds of rubble completely.

Of another age, at once austere and serene, is the Giotto Crucifixion (1290) in the Sacristy (left transept).
The Giotto Crucifixion is well regarded as one of the greatest works of art.

It was a pleasure working with you.
I'm very sorry to hear you go.

Named after the hill on which it stands and which in the Middle Ages was surrounded by a malarial swamp, the Vatican has been a papal residence for over 600 years, but a sovereign state independent of Italy only since the Lateran Treaty signed by Mussolini in 1929.
In 1929, Mussolini signed the Lateran Treaty in the presence of five witnesses. 

Wine profits were huge, and by 1800 exports had reached nine million bottles per year.
Wine exporting grew and grew over the years.

Hundreds of them, perhaps thousands, will be abandoned or dropped at the pound.
The pond will be filled with hundreds of them.

but i think a lot of people learn how to do maintenance from whether their father did it you know my didn't do much at all and didn't know much about cars and
I think a lot of people learn about cars from their dad, but my dad didn't have time to show me.

There's no question it's a marriage made in heaven, said Downey.
It's surely a marriage made in heaven, but not for her sister.

Recognizing that valid questions have been raised regarding the accuracy and validity of the Case Service Reports (CSR) data that LSC's grantees annually submit, LSC has committed itself to ensuring that reliable data is provided.
Over 50% of the data provided by the CSR was found to be inaccurate. 

The Office of Student Financial Assistance was provided with increased flexibility for procurement and personnel management, and key managers are to be held directly accountable for performance objectives that include
The Office of Student Financial Assistance was given flexibility in staffing as long as performance objectives were always met.

Other people's chants, particularly when chanted in translation, sound a little silly.
The chants were translated from Russian to English.

Behind her, Adrin aimed and fired another shot into a rider's chest.
Adrin pulled out his pistol and shot the rider in the chest.

and that was you know he she'd just she had treated him like family does you know and um
That was you know she'd just treat everybody equally

But today hunting is strictly banned.
The hunting has stopped long ago.

and with uh i guess with the oil burning over in Kuwait and stuff that would have a lot of air pollution in it
Burning oil is the main reason for air pollution in Kuwait.

En voila une affaire! 
n/a

Because these changes occurred in 2000 and 2001, it is too early to determine how effectively they will be put into practice.
The changes which occurred in 2000 and 2001 were positive changes. 

yeah and get and get more out of it
And get more change out of the jug.

Farther along, beyond the Central Post Office, are buildings now housing the Law Courts; formerly, they were part of the Russian Compound, a walled area built in the late 1800s to house the 10,000 Russian pilgrims who flooded Jerusalem each Easter until the Russian Revolution.
The Russian compound were decorated with marbles brought from eastern Siberia.

However, it was not immediately apparent how to locate that page from the HHS home page; the user had to click on HHS Agencies and, at the ACF web page, use a dropdown menu entitled Select a Topic within which the Regulations Currently Open for Comment page is located.
The menu and page layout were complicated.

oh i see oh okay but if they do then you're you're pretty well
I don't think that you have too many options even if they don't.

The George C. Page Museum of La Brea Discoveries is another favorite.
The George C Page Museum is popular among kids and school groups.

The fact that Dowd was struck dumb by this question has been used against her.
She was flustered.

Arkansas just uh they had a rough second half
Arkansas played very well in the first half, hitting about 40 points, but they had a hard time in the second half

yeah i'll agree with you there i'll agree with you
I probably can't agree with you on every point you've made here.

it's not not to me personally no
To them it is personally a very big deal

Even with the end of Communism and inflation, Poland remains considerably cheaper than Western European destinations.
The inflation rate in Poland remains above 10%.

Yet despite their differing approaches to reform, all these organizations were seeking to become more result-oriented, and they commonly took three key steps.
The organizations had originally been driven mostly by finances.

You can drive almost to the crater, but you have to climb the final 305 m (1,000 ft) to the top (don't forget to bring along a sweater).
The temperature around the crater is 40 degrees fahrenheit.

The sea beckons many visitors to Brittany, with a combination of a craggy coastline and great sandy beaches, seaside resorts on the Cete d'Emeraude (Emer?­ald Coast), and small harbor towns on the Golfe du Morbi?­han.
Lots of visitors go to Brittany to see the beaches and get some sun.

The FCC estimates that there will be 3,251 respondents with an estimated burden cost of $3,192 per respondent, and the total annual burden hours are estimated at 145,895.
The FCC thought that the first respondents would be willing to spend more.

She made us come right in, and sign our names at the bottom of a long paper, under where she'd signed.
If they didn't sign their names they would have been harmed.

Away from tourist resorts and shopping areas, rarely will any language be spoken except French and the mystifying Creole patois, which, though based on French, is almost incomprehensible to anyone not used to it even non-initiated French-speakers.
Once French-speakers have been taught Creole, it is easy for them to understand.

but that's because i'm allergic to the grass
The grass makes me sneeze.

the the three of those guys were  the three pillars of the national championship team North Carolina had back in eighty two i think when Jordan was just a freshman
Jordan was amazing even as a freshman.

but uh since there is much that needs to be done here
There's a lot that needs to get done regarding the new class schedule. 

Guadeloupe's political capital, Basse-Terre, is much smaller and sleepier than Pointe Pitre.
It is sleepier than Point Pitre.

They tore each other apart and feasted on the dying and dead.
They were quite hungry.

He used to stab me with his parrying dagger.
The man would always stab me in the leg.

Before she reached it, the door opened to show a dull clod, entirely naked, holding up a heavy weight of nothing.
She closed the door on the clod and locked it.

Robert Shrum is a leading Democratic political consultant.
Shrum is a well-respected political consultant.

Hanson fretted as he saw it sink into the shell, sure it would begin to melt the sky material.
The chips sank into the shell because they were radioactive moon chips and melted the shell.

The fields at the edge of the city are also the site of the romance between Ruth and Boaz (ancestors of King David), described at the end of the Book of Ruth.
The fields are where Ruth and Boaz would meet to make love.

It's palpable in the narrow streets that meander south from the calle Mayor (Main Street) and quiet plazas in and around La Latina.
It's palpable in the narrow streets that meander south from the calle Mayor because the history is so easy to see.

I don't blame you any for what you've been saying.
What you've been saying lately is very mean spirited.

It wasn't until the third century b.c. that techniques of rice cultivation (and wheel-made pottery) arrived from Korea, along with irrigation methods that are still in use today.
Techniques of rice cultivation led to civilization.

Irish, dammit.
People keep confusing Irish with Scottish.

These traditional reasons, you say explain its significance for many [Jews] at a preconscious level, whether we like it or not.
Many Jews are not aware of its significance.

2 million to help its work defending the rights of poor people.
The cost for defending poor people increases each year.

Most wore white coveralls, though two were dressed in simple business suits.
White coveralls were more appealing than business suits.

and like i said i mean we're not that old but my husband works for the state and after a certain amount of years you can retire and when he retires i'm retiring well as soon as i get my quarters in i'm retiring period that's it you know no more  and so
My husband and I are not anyway near retiring age.

Each economic superhero has a distinct personality and style--Greenspan is the shaman, Rubin the Midas figure, and Summers the academic--but together, they stave off worldwide economic panic.
While they may starve off an economic panic worldwide -- Greenspan, Rubin, and Summers can't hold it off forever. 

oh that'd really pretty
That would be very pretty because those flowers are so beautiful!

LSC grantees consist of hundreds of local organizations governed, in the typical case, by local boards of directors.
LSC gives money to local organizations that work with the homeless.

I must have a successful career which would mask my true activities… .
To hide what's really going on, I must become a painter.

And following the market gives that intensified enjoyment that all sports gamblers  It's a lot more exciting to watch when you've got a little money--or the savings of a lifetime--down on the game.
Betting on the games, makes watching them more intense. To have a major stake in the outcome. But it can also become an addiction.

Others insist that it was just a storehouse for jewels.
The purpose of it is disputed.

Hopefully, people who read the story of Sony's less-than-excellent adventure in Hollywood will look a little more skeptically at the vaporous claims surrounding other megamergers in the communications business.
I hope people read the story and look closer at what mergers do to the local economy.

Alexander the Great
The greatest Alexander

We walked up to the great door of Styles, and at once the knowledge came to us that something was wrong. 
Something was wrong when he got to the door of Styles.

Hanson found himself being lifted by a couple of the other slaves to the shoulders of a third.
The slaves helped him up so they could hang him on a noose.

This new proposal will aggressively reduce air pollution from electricity generators and improve air quality throughout the country.
The proposal has been written by a committee.

So far, we'd spent about 10 minutes decoding just five words, but I felt on top of them and was ready to move on.
We sped through the next five words in half the time it took for the first. 

Palestinian Arabs might be clad in flowing robes and keffiyes (head scarves) or in blue jeans.
Palestinian Arabs typically wear flowing robes and keffiyes more often than blue jeans.

Slim looked up in surprise and came to a halt.
Slim was physically shocked.

and the reason that i stayed at the school i did was because at Evanston township which back then was like one of the three larger schools in the country
I stayed at the school because it was a big school so they had lots of opportunities and clubs there.

You see, we've decided to expand the Corp's merchandising rights into hitherto unexplored areas.
The merchandise was being sold at all stores.

Quantitative Versus  The Case of Environmental Assessment in Organizational Studies.
Quantitative is separate 

If the goods are very valuable or fragile, it is a good idea to buy an all-risk insurance for the shipment.
The company prices its all-risk insurance highly, short-changing its customers.

The Supplementary Information accompanying the proposed rulemaking includes a certification, pursuant to section 605(b) of title 5, that the proposal would not have a significant impact on a substantial number of small entities, thereby exempting the proposed rule from the requirement for an initial regulatory flexibility analysis.
The certification is the most important part of the Supplementary Information.

yeah i haven't heard i hadn't heard much about that movie i other than it was a chop them up movie but uh well i guess that's one i won't go see
They movie was a samurai movie.

That helped Clinton carry this traditionally Republican state.
This state was counterbalanced by Clinton losing a state that Democrats typically won.

The hub of city life is the vast Piazza Br? , with the town hall on its south side and the great Roman A rena dating back to a.d. 100.
The Roman arena was the site of gladiatorial battles.

'Your attendance could use some work, Mr. White,' I was told.
Mr. White was absent often.

And fights crime.
And fights crime in the dead of night.

An amused Snow lobs Burton a few softballs--What do you think about China?
Burton is more interested in the softball than China.

hope i mean you you hear of people who have um committed crimes and then they get out of jail and they go and they do the same thing again and you wonder why they can't just stop it
They can't stop that, because they are listening to their superiors.

Not the mare no rather the pound of running feet and then a cry...."No, senor , no!
I didn't hear the mare, it was feet.

Iknow that I could find myself on that transplant waiting list someday.
Anyone could be on the transplant list. 

The Temple Mount (Mount Moriah), where King Solomon built the First Temple and where later generations returning from the Babylonian Captivity built the Second Temple, is holy ground to both Jews and Muslims.
Mount Moriah was chosen as a temple site for it's central location.

If he was sometimes a naive political activist, Spock was always a resourceful pragmatist when it came to child rearing wisdom.
Spock was not a pragmatist when it came to music.

it just everything just kind of gives up and dies here
Things don' want to go on.

I'll write to Lady Tadminster for the second day, myself. 
Lady Tadminster received and read the first letter.

Then you must know where you found it?
We know you had visited his home on that date.

Agency personnel should ensure that the contractor fully meets the conditions for acceptable performance.
The National Security Agency's personnel should ensure that contractors are reliable.

uh-huh well i the reason why i was thinking about looking at it is because it's supposed to i'm not a fan of Nancy Reagan and so it's supposed to have a lot of unflattering things in it and i thought just purely for entertainment i might enjoy that but i i wouldn't want to go out and buy it like you know the hard back copy of it
I do not like Nancy Reagan at all.

well the paint paint job yeah if you're going to look a new car what would you look at
Alongside the paint, there's really nothing important to observe. 

In resolving business issues, they were sometimes able to identify more efficient technical opportunities.
They sometimes couldn't resolve business 

well Steve i'll tell you i think i still think Joe Montana's the best quarterback that ever handled a ball
Despite the fact that other great players are out there, I still believe that Joe Montana is the best quarterback ever.

yeah uh i was uh i was pulling for the Bengals when they uh lost the Super Bowl
I always pull for the Bengals.

38 However, they agree that social insurance tax revenue should be reported in the same way as other tax revenue for the purposes of financial reporting.
This is an approach that would make financial reporting easier for users to understand.

Shenzhen is easy to reach the KCR commuter train runs throughout the day, the trip taking about 40 minutes.
The train only runs during the daylight hours.

The mailer/competitor might pay lower wages than the postal service, might succeed in managing and/or scheduling more tightly the sorting operations, might achieve higher productivity levels, and might be working with a more
The mailer achieves higher productivity levels.

The major characters receive ample biographical treatments, but so do dozens of other figures, famous and obscure, who had only fleeting links to Lukas' story.
Major and disconnected characters all received strong biographical treatments as the author saw every character as important and key.

However, for fiscal years 2000 and 2001, agencies' reports are to include performance data beginning with fiscal year 1999.
The performance data was a lot.

oh when i had the uh cats at my place as soon as i took out the newspaper to read it they would plop right down on top of it and just not move and just stay there forever
I used to have three cats at my place.

how about Silence of the Lambs
What do you think of Silence of the Lambs?

If he chose Microsoft, he got ...
If he picks his other option of Dell...

On the way, you'll see palms that look rather like giant asparagus tips.
These palms do not bear coconuts.

On the face of it, it seemed that he or Sir James must have done the trick.
It looks like he or Sir James must have accomplished it this morning.

Well, we've only his word for that. 
Even though we have his word, I don't think we should trust him.

Guadeloupe and Martinique have a couple of hotel casinos, modest and low-key by international standards, but perfectly able to accommodate you if you'd like to risk your next year's salary.
Casinos in other parts of North America are more luxurious than those in Martinique.

Small firms and solos are ideal for such clients, but the clumsy, sometimes impersonal referral networks, and the prejudice against flat-fee billing serve as huge barriers between client and lawyer.
Small firms never do flat-fee billing.

i think that's about it you too
I think it may affect you in some way.

Steel erection and minor excavation and concrete work is necessary for an ACI system, and this work should not require any more than very common construction equipment.
The ACI system would take months to construct.

May the children of the Stock of Abraham, who dwell in this land, continue to merit and enjoy the good will of the other Inhabitants; while every one shall sit in safety under his own vine and figtree, and there shall be none to make him afraid.
Only men will have safety and land.

THEY HAVE KILLED SIX AND SEVENTEEN REMAIN.
They have killed six of them with swords.

An original goal of the study was to encourage post-discharge alcohol treatment, but only 5% to 10% of study patients went to at least one treatment or Alcoholics Anonymous session.
People tend not to listen to doctor's advice, especially at the ER. 

Managers of these programs are often asked to render an account of their activities and related results to legislative bodies and the public.
Managers of these programs are often asked to render an account of their pornographic activities

The paintings that cover the walls depict the Nile at its most splendid with abundant fruit and depictions of wine-making.
The murals of the Nile covered the walls. 

But I suppose, as the last powder was taken two days ago, it is not of much importance?
The powder has been gone and no one has been looking for it. It can't be that important. 

'Hurry!'
I told Henry to hurry up. 

It has been re-christened the Hub.
The Hub is the third change of name.

You can't give it away, said Jess Williams, branch manager for eligibility policy for Kentucky Department for Medicaid Services.
Jess Williams thinks it should be kept forever.

To help you plan your itinerary, we divide Japan into seven regional sections.
It's easier to break Japan up when creating an itinerary.

Why should a ruling elite give up power because the gross national product is declining or because the country is falling behind technologically?
The ruling elite dictate the national economy.

A comparison is then made of the heterogeneity in delivery costs for France and the U.S.
The US almost always has higher costs than France.

yeah my husband my husband teaches in Plano
yeah my husband teaches piano lessons a few times a week

well actually i've found out that i'm not going to go back to being an engineer  i'm i'm i'm a photographer now
Photography is my true passion.

One is tempted to argue that there should be a defensible study, but the problem is obvious- some private firms undoubtedly base contracts on the judgment of the managers involved.
Relying on the judgement of managers for contracts can be a problem if the manager is unqualified.

Newt Gingrich messed with Medicare and went down in flames.
Newt Gingrich was not experienced enough to handle Medicare.

Troy and the Greeks
Troy and every Greek.

Both long and short-term exposures to ambient levels of air pollution have been associated with increased risk of premature mortality.
The pollution levels in the air are quite high.

so uh the violent uh there is not as many people getting killed in robberies and holdups and things like that as you see here uh that's probably why i've come to that to that way of thinking of course the uh the very emotional uh thinking over what happened to President Reagan you know the guy that got it was mentally deranged since you get one so easily
A mentally deranged man went on a killing spree.

and and i think that's where we as American people really failed you know failed them
The American people failed them.

You can explore the central area of East Jerusalem's modern business district, on Saladin Street, by tracing your steps back to the Old CityWalls and Herod's Gate.
The East Jerusalem modern business district is an interesting place.

Well, let's do some abstruse statistical research--by, say, buying a copy of the Economist and opening it to the last page, which each week conveniently offers tables summarizing economic data for a number of emerging economies.
The Economist offers some of the best summaries of economic data.

uh-huh oh yeah that's right you would yeah
Definitely. 

Participants stated that the current model is too driven by accountants, regulators, corporate management, and boards of directors who have historically focused on the technical aspects of financial reporting and are more likely to move slowly and cautiously in making
Despite the glacial speed, this method is still the most generally accepted within the business community.

I did the same to myself.
I did exactly what he had done, only to myself.

The solution is to make the independent prosecutor a permanent office, rather than appointing a new one every time a scandal or alleged scandal comes along.
The last independent prosecutor resigned after a scandal.

Employment vs. marriage.
Sometimes one must choose employment or marriage. 

Right there.
Right there is the reason I am gay.

Two and a half, and counting.
Two and a half is just the beginning.

  Feast of St. Francis;  Franciscan Mysteries
Feast of St. Francis; Franciscan Mysteries Chapter 1

If the questions and answers were formulated more precisely, the site could make for a fascinating exercise.
The way the questions are formulated don't make any sense. 

And the letter came from there?
Indeed, it came from the Inglethorp mansion.

A data element is a unit of information with definable parameters (for example, a Social Security number), sometimes referred to as a data variable or data field.
A data element is information that is a number.

Once, two bodies went hurtling upwards toward the great gaps in the sky.
Two unlucky bodies were flung up into the darkened sky gaps.

Plotz thinks the Dalai Lama is merely cashing in on the West's romance with Eastern spirituality.
Plotz also criticizes other spiritual leaders as opportunistic fads.

The Piazza Grande, the highest point in town, is the site of the graceful town well decorated with griffins and lions.
Some people wonder what it would be like to balance on top of the Piazza Grande.

The Algarve is home to several world-class tennis centers one of the most impressive is at Vale do Lobo.
Olympians play at these world-class tennis centers. 

Not that she was a bad sort really, old Mother Greenbank! 
Other people think that Mother Greenbank is bad.

His hasty action has given me the pleasure of seeing you all face to face." He fancied that his words caused some discomposure among the group, but the watchful German stilled it with a wave of his hand.
He took pleasure at seeing him throw the group off its feet for a while.

Afterward the Industrialist said, "You'll pardon me.
They had another meeting to get to.

Trial lawyers courted him and his party with tons of money.
Trial lawyers were seeking him out because they were sure that he could help their case.

Have you had anything to eat this morning, Evie? asked John. 
Have you had anything to eat since last night, Evie? asked John.

yeah really i'm i'm bite my lip i'm not going to talk Pennsylvania  it's just listening to you i just talked to my brother
I have negative feelings about Philadelphia.

so he's says i ought to join one of those that makes you go but they're and you're saying it doesn't then you pay all that monthly stuff you know
He thinks I should join a gym that makes you go every month or they start cutting off your limbs.

A little map available at the entrance will help you to locate the tombs of the famous, which include Rossini and Chopin, La Fontaine and Moliyre, Sarah Bernhardt, and Oscar Wilde.
There are still 15 available tombs here.

the alternatives considered, and the costs and benefits of the alternative selected); and descriptions of how the agencies have complied with various rulemaking requirements (e.g.
The cost and benefit analysis is the most useful element criterion of the alternatives.

Meanwhile, the New York Times Magazine offers a rosy portrait of California after the abolition of affirmative action.
The abolition of affirmative action made California better.

so and i i've got a son
I have a beautiful son.

The houses there had a sinister air in the midst of their dirt and decay.
The houses had a sinister air becuase they were dirty and old.

Tommy took a seat at the table next to them, sitting directly behind Whittington in case of recognition.
Tommy planned to hide behind Whittington.

Auditors need not report information about fraud or an illegal act that is clearly inconsequential.
It would be ideal for auditors to report even the slightest cases of fraud and illegality.

The commercial companies GAO visited used the evolutionary approach as their method for product development.
The companies found the evolutionary approach to balance future growth with present sales.

The Bracero program has been likened by some to indentured slavery where employer exploitation was rampant and inhumane.
The Bracero program requires that individuals sell their organs if requested.

For graphic scenes of Horus' fight with his evil uncle Seth to avenge his father Osiris, walk around the exterior of the temple to the west side, where the whole event is re-created.
Seth is a brutal warlord. 

The lakeside promenade, Lungolago, is famous for its flowers and bewitching view of the lake's islands.
Tourist from all over the world come to Lungolago to see the lake's islands.

exactly but you know uh i wonder by the time they get through paying out for all the day care center and everything else is it really worth all that
They should probably find a cheaper way to take care of their kids.

Up until this point he has been ignoring or downplaying the interdependence among modern nations.
His dismissal of the interdependence among modern nations means that his analysis is deeply flawed.

You don't realize you want to do this until he talks to you.
You don't fully understand how much you want to do it until he talks you into it.

The HMOs contend the government doesn't contribute enough to allow them to provide adequate care.
The HMOs wish the government would contribute more to their cause.

yeah that's that's great yeah
It could be better of course, but still very good.

He also refused to acknowledge GAOas basic statutory authorities and asserts that if the aComptroller Generalas misconstruction of the statutes- were to prevail, ahis conduct would unconstitutionally interfere with the functioning of the Executive Branch.
The Supreme Court later ruled that his argument was specious.

The focus is on this school, this emergency room, this military base, or this nuclear power plant.
It is always about an individual facility instead of facilities as a whole.

More often, as with Fannie Mae, what you get is the worst excesses of both.
What you get with Fannie Mae is the worst part, which hurts consumers greatly.

i understand we've got i've got a daughter
I have a thirteen year old daughter, too

They spent the night on the gorge's edge.
They decided that Gorge's edge was the best place to spend the night.

Can't we rest first?
Can't we take a break before continuing on?

They could cover twice as many stories if they simply inserted yadda yadda yadda  into their reports.
Just repeat the same sentence over and over again and you'll go twice as fast.

Quite an hour, or even more, had elapsed between the time when she had heard the voices and 5 o'clock, when she had taken tea to her mistress. 
An hour had passed from when she'd taken the tea in to serve her mistress and her guests.

The supposition is ridiculous." The same juryman who had interrupted before here suggested that the chemist who made up the medicine might have committed an error. 
The juryman had interrupted him before making some wild accusations.

According to the preamble to the final rule, HUD received 354 comments on the proposed rule.
Most of the 354 comments were negative.

A woman was standing by the fireplace.
Next to the fireplace there was a woman holding a brandy.

Slim considered, "I guess not.
Slim considered what Red had said, "I guess it isn't."

When Mars trines Neptune, the Medical Art is weak; even while we were conjuring you, the trine occurred.
The art of medicine is strong, however, when Venus trines Mars.

Men should learn to replace media-manufactured masculine ideals that emphasize appearance and dominance with ungendered ideals of social responsibility and liberty.
The media manufactures the idea that men must be muscular and brave.

He grew cold from the inside out.
He froze to death that evening.

The first alternative C-R function is based on the relative risk of 1.16 from the Fine Particles Alone, Regional Adjustment Random Effects model reported in Table 46 of the HEI report.
The first alternative C-R function is based on the relative risk from fine particles, as shown in the table on page 92.

My father was English, said Mrs. Cavendish, "but my mother was a Russian."
"My mother met my father in Russia," said Mrs. Cavendish.

Gentilello replied that the outcome depends on the audience.
The outcome depends on the audience because the audience funds it.

Since the 12th century, sightseers and religious pilgrims alike have been flocking to this spectacularly situated fortified town atop a cliff above the Alzou river (best appreciated from the village of L'Hos?­pi?­ta?­let across the valley).
There are no towns quite like this town in the area.

Unfortunately, the Postal Service was only willing to commit to saving slightly more than one half the highly publicized, promised amount.
The Postal Service is inefficient.

Timing the Assessment
Timing the Assessment and the Conclusion

Pilgrims visiting the temple reverently drape its branches with white and saffron-colored veils.
The veils represent mysticism and truth.

The entire analysis, which was included in the regulatory impact analysis, was available for review in EPA's public docket.
The analysis showed that this would make a dramatic impact in cutting co2 emmissions.

The cover head shots reflect the stories inside.
The cover needs to catch the attention of people to buy it.

Many legal-aid organizations have a strong mission but lack a long-term plan, said Pat Stankard, client services manager at Gardner, Carton &amp; Douglas and former treasurer of the LMA.
Pat Stankard has a background in accounting.

Even if you're not an avid bird-watcher, you'll enjoy the gentle walks in the woodland, with the chance of seeing exciting herds of nilghai antelope, blackbuck, and cheetal (spotted deer).
There are plenty of birds to see here.

no i don't i have one at uh the company i work for furnishes so i can work at home
I don't have one but I want to get one because it's important.

Fearing that overdevelopment, as well as new trends and tastes in international tourism, would leave the Balearics behind, authorities have moved to protect remaining undeveloped areas as nature preserves, proclaiming them off-limits to all construction, and have even blown up some of the more unsightly hotel blemishes on the coasts.
Overdevelopment could hurt the Balearics by destroying the wildlife.

His major task was to rescue France from the chaos of the Fourth Republic.
He was supposed to save France from the chaos they were in during the battle.

and that i think has contributed much to uh the delinquency that works grant and the poor school results that we're having uh that the students uh parents have just not really taken enough interest in them from the very very beginning and i think my feeling was that the very best teachers should be in grades one two and three to get the students off to a good start let them have positive um uh experiences from the lower levels so they want to continue learning and uh keep going and not wait until they're they're in the ninth and tenth grades it's too late then you cannot reverse that trend at that point
I think that has a big part in the delinquency of children in poor school districts.

what would you do about this pressing problem
The situation needs to be addressed sooner rather than later.

From this aerie on the rim of the Kathmandu Valley, 322 km (200 miles) of the Himalayas stretch out before you in an immense wall of rock and ice.
The Kathmandu valley directly faces the Himalayas.

It is now on display in the museum, along with tapestries that adorned the walls of the unheated hospital wards to keep the patients warm.
The hospital wards have since been closed and the building is now owned by a bank.

What are you doing this afternoon?"
Can we get together this afternoon?

that's sad well it was nice to talk to you
I do not want to talk to you now that I am sad.  

But even if your budget doesn't extend to staying in Deauville, take a walk along the wooden promenade (the celebrated planches) and participate in one of the town's favorite people-watching.
Deauville is usually $500 a night!

But there was no mention of when you would be given those names.
Nor was the information on the troop formations forthcoming.

Severn spoke of cave-ins in the higher tunnels near the feet of the Old One.
Seven of the tunnels had fallen in.

Enter the Romans
The Romans took a long time to finally enter. 

In other words, I write because I think it is right.
I think it's right to write, unlike you.

Keep fancying there's some one following us."
I can sense there is someone following us.

Therefore, their saving choices affect not only their own retirement income but also potentially affect the standard of living for future workers.
Because of the way the program is funded, choices employees now make concerning their retirement savings will likely have an affect on how well future generations of workers live.

The government will close.
They were surprised to see it close.

She's very good with juries, Canada said. 
Juries tended to automatically believe that they could trust her.

She does understand editorial, though, and better than Phil did.
Phil has been doing editorial longer than her.

STEWARDSHIP LAND -Land and land rights owned by the Federal Government that are not acquired for or in connection with items of general PP&amp
The Federal Government provides land to those in need. 

Adjoining the temple (founded by Swami P. Yogananda) is a beautiful gardenwith gazebos, lakes, and waterfalls.
The entire garden can be seen from the temple.

A racing line of high blood, Don Lorenzo said thoughtfully.
Don Lorenzo enjoyed betting on races.

yeah there was uh there was a lot of talk about the idea that the even the uh Iraqis themselves the people wished we would have done that uh
The rumors about the Iraqis wishing we had done it are not true.

so maybe my isolation isn't for our country might be a little bit for the world i don't know but uh i just feel like we are we have accepted people other people from other countries so well to the point that we have not taken care of our own how do you feel about
I'm annoyed by this policy.

But a combination of remarkable communal solidarity and determination coupled with extensive private- and public-sector investment lie behind a recovery that is nothing short of astonishing.
The community raised funds for the recovery by selling postcards.

it's just so sad you know it is just really so sad you know it is just really so sad because you can't enjoy anything any more um in San Antonio i don't know what the answer is uh education i think is a lot of it um so many of the kids are are drop outs um uh there's a lot of drugs that go on and that they just have hopeless lives they they lead themselves down hopeless tunnels i think education helps a little bit there um they again i don't know really what steps there are that they
Children in San Antonio will stop using drugs if more money is invested in education.

Neither the appropriations act nor the Corporation's regulations define the term present in the United States.
No act or regulation defines the term present in the US.

shall we say sympathy you know he did this but you know why did he do this is there is there a basis for it
You know why he did this.

His red tentacles, which gave him his nickname, quivered their regret at lost opportunity to the very last, and the eyes at their tips filled with drifting yellowish crystals that were the equivalent of Earthly tears.
He was an alien whose ship had crashed here.

and then it funneled down to uh the general population
Most of it trickled down to the general population.

Among them may be another El Cordobes on the way up.
The first El Cordobes devastated the area, causing more than a million dollars of damage.

Unlike the 1980s, when the economy's leading figures often seemed to be people like Michael Milken and Boone Pickens, who were speculators in that classic populist sense of the word, the people who get the most attention and respect today are almost all businessmen who spend their time making things, not playing with other people's  Bill Gates, Michael Dell, or whoever.
The economy's leading figures are usually people like Boone Pickens who are populists that like to get attention from TV shows.

no not really not that much um we've been well we've been to Wyoming you know and Kentucky and Montana and you know places like that but usually if we're with a group of people we really don't stay any one place very long
Montana is usually our favorite place to stay.

You will still have plenty to choose from.
There are a few choices.

But in 1803, only three years after retaking it, France sold Louisiana to the United States for $15 million.
At the time, this was thought to be an exorbitant price.

I will tell you why. 
I know why you didn't get the job.

we may we may need a constitutional convention
We might need to get together to vote on the topic.

The most extreme version of this concept, called group selection, is Gaia, which suggests that all of life cooperates so as to ensure its continued survival.
The most extreme version of this concept is Gaia, said the biologist. 

However, you are not likely to find bargains, and you should be aware that unless you are an expert, you can end up with a fake.
They usually know who can tell between real ones and fakes.

That is, the first step-define mission and desired outcomes-corresponds to the requirement in GPRA for federal agencies to develop strategic plans containing mission statements and outcome-related strategic goals; the second step-measure performance-corresponds to the GPRA requirement for federal agencies to develop annual performance plans with annual performance goals and indicators to measure performance; and the third step-use performance
Plans must be tested before installed in the work place.

Some editors prepare for trips by Federal Expressing their luggage to their destination.
The cost is high, but Federal Express minimizes the chance of losing luggage.

and for i don't know it must have been two or three weeks there they were doing this expanded nightly news
The nightly news wanted to provide more extensive coverage of what was happening.

American credibility is at stake.
American credibility is at an all-time low point.

Open hours (see page 119) vary considerably, with news agents and sandwich bars open well before 9am and other stores by 9:30 or 9:45am.
The news agents and sandwich bars are open at unrealistic times.

Both trails are divided into smaller segments of varying difficulty.
There are only two trails, one more difficult that the other.

Hills and mountains are especially sanctified in the cult of Jainism.
The cult of Jainism sanctifies every thing of nature.

In addition, British intervention to assist the starving assumes a more contemporary idea of the state's responsibilities that doesn't jibe with mid-19 th -century realities.
Helping the starving is very difficult and expensive for the state.

By nightfall, when she came back from the city, he was groaning in pain.
He had hurt and over worked himself. 

What was that?
Do you know what that noise was?

Consequently, there is no evidence in EPA's filing of OIRA's comments on, approval or disapproval of, the agency's information collection requirements.
There is evidence lacking in EPA's filling of OIRA's comments, because it was deliberately hidden. 

that the civilians don't get
that the civilians have never possessed

The National Basketball Association fined Chicago Bulls forward Dennis Rodman $50,000 for insulting Mormons.
The fine was just a drop in the ocean of money that Chicago Bulls posseses.

These include a hot waterfall at the Shibaseki spring, hot sand at Takegawara, hot mud at Kannawa, and picturesque outdoor baths in hot ponds among the rocks of the aptly named Hotta Hot Springs.
The hot sand at Takegawara is quite crowded, it's better to get there early.

Take a walk around the perimeter for breathtaking views of the valley below.
Besides getting good views from the valley below, you can also use the installed telescopes for views beyond the horizon.

 Two roads connect Ibiza Town with Sant Antoni, the shorter route passing through Sant Rafel, a village whose white church is relatively modern, but stately in a Spanish colonial way.
The road from Ibiza Town to Sant Antoni that passes through Sant Rafel is 100 miles long.

But in a moment the thing's attention was directed to some other object of torture.
This object of torture inflicted even more pain than the first.

An Analytical Framework for Capital Planning and Investment Control for Information Technology, U.S.
Investment control in the field of Information Technology is something that the industry has struggled with.

Another Fan Page has a set of good links about the affair and a message board, too, though on last visit, it was no longer available.
Another Fan Page is one of the most popular websites.

By 1805, Spain was once more aligned with France, and Spanish ships fought alongside the French against Nelson at Trafalgar.
Dutch vessels fought with Nelson against the Spanish in 1805.

Ca'daan left Fena Dim as the red sun painted the outline of the Old One in scarlet ribbons.
Ca'daan ran away from Fena Dim as fast as he could.

Famine and Home Rule
The rules are extensive. 

oh okay so but um now i don't know but um but let's see when i was eleven i went also to the Caribbean
I visited the Caribbean with my mother, father and two of our cousins.

yeah especially on electronic goods
There's few other things that need patience as much as electronic items. 

oh i'm sure i'm sure um what other is is that just the only type of reading you've been doing or do you have you read any good novels lately
Are you reading a variety of genres now? 

Earlier this year, the state Supreme Court called on Texas lawyers to bring more legal services to the poor.
The Court made the decision earlier this March. 

An example of a policy was that units were required to use commercially developed software rather than developing unique software inhouse.
The commercially developed software was much harder to use than the custom-made.

If you should be travelling by train  and rate comfort above improvisation, go first class with an Indrail Pass.
First Class will also give you complimentary beverages.

fitness and exercise
Fitness and exercise are important to me.

Or will they stay with a president who claims to have ended the Bush recession and who offers a lesser tax cut?
Voters always go with tax cuts over recession ending presidents.  

governments, including state insurance commissions, in drafting the rules to give the states considerable flexibility in complying with HIPAA.
Governments made the rules this way in order to benefit themselves.

yeah and uh you know he uh he worked a full-time job and a part-time job and i never saw him so i didn't have much of a role model to go by
I wish i had a role model.

Teenagers might like to join the open-air disco hordes at Harajuku, near Yoyogi Park.
The disco is a popular hangout for local teens.

Similarly, you're advised to avert your glance from the making of sausages, and laws, and presumably laws about the manufacture of sausages to be fried up in some restaurant that you won't be visiting.
The process of making laws is full of threats and bribery.

In contrast to other Italian cities weakened by internal rivalries and unstable government, Rome drew strength from a solid aristocracy of consuls and senate ruling over plebeians proud of their Roman citizenship and only rarely rebellious.
The aristocracy in other Italian cities were stronger than their Roman counterparts.

Related disclosures should focus more on key performance indicators along with selected projection information and sensitivity analyses.
Related disclosures should focus on key performance indicators and not budget surpluses. 

Could be he larned a lot what was no good.
It was really a matter of trial and error.

By a frantic effort of the great wings, it missed the hurtling chunk.
It somehow missed the hurtling chunk, even though they tried.

It's a rotten place, said the young woman without hesitation.
It's a rotten business, said the young woman without hesitation. 

In comparison to the seven hours of inputting the data, the two hours spent stirring over a small flame went by in the blink of an eye.
They work in an office, and any break from that seems like it goes by quickly.

uh yeah  just a second going to pick them up excuse me for a moment right i'm fixing to get them right now excuse me i had to uh talk to my boss
My boss wanted me to fix it right away.

What the customer may really want to know is whether other states are likely to have similar problems.
The customers worry that the states will face budget issues.

[t]he entire evening is not unlike Kidman's much-discussed  smooth, pale, and slender.
The evening is like Kidman's book smooth, pale, and slender.

In the event of a parcel arriving for him whilst he was away, what would be done with it?
His wife, perhaps, could open it and discover everything!

No wonder it has been dubbed the Saint Tropez of Turkey.
Everyone agrees this is an appropriate title.

that's right i'm i'm kind of bad about that i enjoyed having a lawn service but now i have the time and i really can't i really don't you know don't want to spend the money for it yeah that's true uh-huh
I'm bad about mowing my lawn.

They were entirely in the dark as to my real attitude up to the very last moment ”which partly accounts for my success."
They were in the dark because I was concealing what I really thought.

In making a determination as to whether the configuration of LSC-funded providers set out in the state plan will maximize the effective and economical delivery of high quality legal services to eligible clients throughout the state within a comprehensive, integrated delivery system, both in the present and in the future, LSC will review the strategies outlined in the state plan against the following 
Not very many clients are actually eligible for the state plan.

John Longhouser , head of the Aberdeen Proving Ground, retired after an affair he had had five years ago became public knowledge.
John Longhouser was embarrassed about being found out.

it it would just depend that's the best part of the crawfish sucking the head but um
The head is the best part of the crawfish, but it's all delicious.

You leave it to me, miss, and I'll fix the whole thing up in two ticks. 67 "Some lad!" commented Tuppence, with a nod of approval.
Tuppence was the owner the of thing.

We've ceased being blackmailers, Tommy pointed out.
We do other things besides blackmail now.

One possibility is that studies report different estimates of the single true relationship between a given pollutant and a health effect due to differences in study design, random chance, or other factors.
The studies need to be made again.

Although it was later enclosed within the Theodosian Walls, the name stuck.
People kept calling it by its old name because they liked it better than the new name.

Hong Kong Life is published by the Hong Kong Standard on Sunday, and the South China Morning Post has an entertainment section on Friday.
The entertainment section is the best place to learn about events and happenings.

As the discount level (on the horizontal axis) gets up to e of a cent, 20 billion pieces become presorted.
The vertical axis shows how many pieces of mail are sorted.

This is a far-from-exhaustive list of both traditional and new cultural festivals.
There are 100 more of both festivals that is not listed.

He would need the money when he and Bertha got married, too, and all that healthy outdoor living was just what the doctor would have ordered.
He is happy to marry Bertha.

We broke four barrels on the supports and pulled the mountain down on them.
The supports had five barrels.

You could even argue that American society in the 1990s is an engine that maximizes consumption yet minimizes satisfaction.
American society in the 1990's was much richer than it is today.  

In the dohyo, a raised mound of hard clay some 4.6 m (15 ft) in diameter under a large suspended Shinto-roof-style canopy,toss salt across the dohyo to purify it of evil spirits, swagger around, and commence the all-important  psyching-out  of the opponent.
Opponents are very easily psyched-out by swaggering around.

Any sustained effort--conscious or unconscious--by a media conglomerate to slant the news in favor of its holdings will only damage the long-term value of its journalistic properties.
Today's media is too biased and does not remain objective. 

Emperador (swordfish) is especially good grilled, and lenguado (sole) is delicious in batter, grilled, or sauteed in butter.
The fish is always fresh and straight from the sea. 

If such expectations are not realized and, for example, there is a sustained stock market downturn or an economic downturn, households may have to scale back their consumption.
Following these expectations will vastly increase the potential amount of new business that can be created, thus kickstarting the economy.

She shrugs it off.
She didn't care 

Just a few more words of Beware of spiky sea urchins when swimming off rocks.
Stepping on a spiky sea urchin will be very painful. 

This report discussed how GAO's work benefited the Congress and the American people.
GAO's work benefited both Congress and American citizens by reducing bureaucracy.

huh she painted the insides dark blue and then the trim what color
She painted the insides a bold, navy blue, and the trim is a much lighter color. 

yeah yeah and uh that last championship they won in the Super Bowl Craig Martin was the only guy in the entire squad that did not get in the game but he got his winner's share
Craig Martin had an injury when they won the Super Bowl.

i think there's an eighty percent chance this evening but it's supposed to be cleared out at least by noon tomorrow and then the rest'll be without rain
I bet that it will rain this evening.

Routes which are unprofitable when serviced six days per week would become profitable when serviced less frequently.
Profit is always associated with routes.

To the left of its entrance is a copy of Donatello's Marzocco, Florence's heraldic lion, next to his bronze of Judith and Holofernes, which always made the Medici uneasy with its theme of a tyrant decapitated.
The Medicis tried to destroy the statue of Judith and Holofernes.

oh blood pressure
ah, hypertension

The lawyer looked at him deliberately for a minute or two.
The lawyer enjoyed looking at him. 

The man who gave the Iron Curtain its name is the true democratic hero of our age.
The true democratic hero of our age is the man who gave the Iron Curtain its name, said my sister.

When the castle was built atop the hill, the original city of Edinburgh grew on this ridge, reaching down in a ribbon of development toward the Abbey of Holyrood, at the foot of the hill in the east.
The castle was built on the hill to protect them from the Vikings.

The ultimate accolade came in 1991, when Dublin was designated a European City of Culture.
The residents of Dublin nearly all felt that it was a long time coming.

The usefulness of case study reports, therefore, depends to some degree on how well the investigator has portrayed the participants' ways of thinking about what happened and on how divergent the investigator's analysis is from the reader's ways of thinking about the subject.
If investigators are carefree, their case studies are deemed useless.

'The only way to break a stalemate,' White said, 'is with a bold move.'
White said the man had done something bold to force a decision.

and Silence of the Lambs i'm i'm intrigued by it but i'm not sure i want to go see it yet
I have heard about the movie but I do not know if it would scare me.

so when the PC came on the market and then it being first one on the market earlier than the Amiga was but when it came market people just naturally assumed that well if IBM makes it should be the computer of my choice and they intend to look around very much so as a result Macintoshes and uh Amigas didn't get a fair break
IBM engaged in a heavy marketing campaign and predatory business deals to ensure the success of their computing platform.

yeah it's a whole whole different culture um it it's weird down there because
Places that have different cultures are weird.

Our powerful, multipurpose computers will continue to become even more powerful, but as they acquire new skills--like voice recognition--their appeal will be limited by their price.
Eventually prices will align with consumers' expectations.

uh-huh yeah they do they think it's a paycheck
This why they're so comfortable treating it like a job.

like the bumper sticker  it's true yeah
It's true like the bumper sticker that says shit happens.

Beyond the main temple complex, Karnak stretches out over the landscape as far as the eye can see, but many of the other remains are more difficult to identify.
Besides Karnak, many of the other remains are difficult to identify.

In my life, Raptors are big.
The Raptors were brought in from somewhere else.

The latter is a particularly promising method for GAO, because it can capitalize on the large number of case-study-like reports that are available, on the quality of the documentation that supports their findings, and on the general methodological framework that GAO's standards provide.
The latter is a promising method for GAO so it adopted it for the future.

Orders for 100 or more copies to be mailed to asingleaddress arediscounted 25 percent.
They wanted to offer an incentive for bulk purchases.

In the wake of this tremendous natural upheaval, the Aegean Islands next came under the influence of the Mycenaeans (at around 1300 b.c. ), who had a base in the Peloponnese region of the Greek mainland.
The Aegean Islands were under the influence of the Myceanneans who were a brutal clan.

The creature reminded him of a venomous snake.
He reminded me of a venomous snake, said his antagonist.

Probably a judicious mixture of both. 
Both of those together are extremely toxic.

hospitals and all that but it was with a certain list of of doctors that you know participated in the HMO
A lot of doctors were in the HMO

Trouble is, the Internet makes a farce of any such one-Web-site-one-country solution, as the case in hand demonstrates.
The internet also pokes fun at international webpages.

Over 80 million Muslims form the second-largest religious group in India almost as many as the population of Pakistan most of them descendants from Hindu converts of the Mughals' empire, who bore the brunt of Hindu retaliation for long years full of subjection and an often unfair identification with British rule.
There are 50 million Christians in India and Pakistan. 

Silence flowed over them.
They sat in stunned silence.

Under the Palestinian Authority, both the fascinating Old Town and the bustling Manger Square are being beautifully restored for the year 2000.
The Old Town gets more visitors than the Manger Square.

Now they'll imagine we're going to Mr. Carter.
Mr. Carter is a used car salesman who doesnt ask questions.

Results that don't fit the theory, such as the defeat of Matt Fong in the California Senate race, have simply been ignored--as has the fact that the Republicans retained their majorities in both houses.
Results which don't fit the theory, like the defeat of Matt Fong in the California Senate race have been ignored since Republicans maintained majorities in both houses and the presidency.

or if they would allow them to uh give broader answers they it's really kind of uh choreographed it's like a script has been written when people testify they aren't testifying really in their own words
It seems like they are told what to say beforehand.

It smoked and the smell made Thorn gag.
Not only did the smell make Thorn gag, it also made him throw up.

The study states that the potential savings resulting from conducting effective design reviews range from a minimum of 3 percent to as much as 20 percent of TPC, and even higher when indirect savings are taken into account.
The study states that the potential savings from conducting effective design range from 3 to 20 percent of TPC, and a thousand times higher when indirect savings are taken into account.

At 1,035 m (3,400 ft) above sea level, it has great views when the misty rain-clouds break.
There is a wonderful view of the forest when the rain-clouds break.

A block removed from Waikiki Beach, but a few steps from the heart of the Waikiki shopping district, the Princess Kaiulani dates back to 1955, but the rooms are all updated and its 29-story tower is much newer.
The Princess Kaiulani features shops along the beach.

In a way, it's Bradley's fault.
Bradley should have known better.

Panels of brilliantly colored tiles (added by Suleiman the Magnificent in the mid-16th century) and bands of Koranic inscriptions surround the upper part of the octagonal shrine, while marble panels in muted colors offset this brilliance from below.
Yellow and Red tiles surround the top part of the shrine.

They're a lot of sharks, all of them. 
They are more than enough sharks to fill a tank.

It's more scary than funny, especially to the brain tumor guy when he finds out that his chief surgeon is Raquel Welch.
It is scary to have Raquel Welch as your surgeon because she is inexperienced.

Significant cost savings can be achieved for power generators and consumers through a comprehensive legislative package.
Big cost savings can be obtained through passing financial laws.

3. While media attention has focused on budget surpluses projected for the next 10 years, the long-term outlook for federal government saving has received considerably less attention.
Fox News recently had a thirty minute documentary focused on budget surpluses projections.

Jon spun, grappling the man's arms before the sword had time to swing, and ran the sharp edge of his rapier from hilt to tip across the man's throat.
The man grabbed Jon's rapier and cut him back. 

Upon acceptance of the award, Hankinson said, This award means so much to me.
Hankinson was thrilled to have won the award.

Th' Old Man musta lit into him hot an' heavy, chewed him out good.
The Old Man has a nasty temper and reputation for chewing people out.

So I thought, having asked for an A.B.C.
I thought about my grandmother while I waited for the A.B.C.

It's pretty clear that some of you are tired of hearing from me and others, I gather from the snoring, are just plain tired.
The person talking is annoying to others

We found that successful organizations pursue something called strategic information management-that is, comprehensive management of information and information technology to maximize improvements in mission performance.
They had a clear focus and plan to follow.

A surprisingly swank, handsomely restored 16th-century palace right across from the cathedral.
The restoration of the 16th century palace costed a lot of money.

As noted in section 2, the combination of these policy actions and strong economic growth reduced federal government dissaving over the 1990s (see figure 4.1).
Federal government dissaving was increased in the 2000s.

well i mean it's it's no disgrace to lose in the final four
It's not a big deal to lose in the final four, but many take it hard.

right with all the yard work and things like that
Raking the yard is a giant pain in the ass.

Through the free hotline, which officially made its debut last week, Luu and other project employees calm anxious callers and even elicit laughs from those who don't know where else to turn.
Every caller had a good laugh from Luu and the employees on the free hotline. 

Today it has approximately 4,600 employees, a $590 million budget, and field offices around the world.
Google has over 4,000 employees and offices in every country in the world. 

Although its processes have not changed significantly since the 1980s, OPM plans to modernize its retirement systems.
Technology today is much improved since the 1980s and OPM wants to modernize its retirement systems to keep up.

But Breines is avowedly anti-Israel, and he sees any expression of Jewish self-defense as a sign of nationalism gone awry.
Breines is sometimes anti-Isreal and he sees any expression of Jewish self-defense as a sign of nationalism gone wrong. 

absolutely i'm ready for it they're predicting some more snow for our direction
I have some tools for the snow.

The fair of Llucmajor, the second Sunday in October, is a great place to find excellent examples.
The fair is full of amazing products you won't find anywhere else.

'Killing's not my first skill.'
Killing is my 2nd skill. 

Generally, such statements were required from new users at the time access to information resources was first provided and from all users periodically, usually once a year.
New users had to make statements about their ties to suppliers.

The Commission subsequently modified its proposal regarding resale in a Second Notice of Proposed Rulemaking (Interconnection and Resale Obligations Pertaining to Commercial Mobile Radio Services, CC Docket  
After having received feedback the Commission decided to make some alterations to its proposal.

what about your kickers
Are you worried about your kickers abilities?

we've even seen people with these campers and they got the big old antennas up so they can watch their TV when they're going but that's not
People like to watch the news on TV from their campers.

Detroit Rock City (New Line Cinema).
New Line Cinema is popular.

It is evident! 
The answer was waiting to be found. 

Our board's philosophy was that the money given by the federal government was to help people with basic everyday needs, Saddick said. 
Some of these needs included buying food and shelter.

The pharaoh sits impassively, wearing the double crown signifying his control over both Upper and Lower Egypt.
Upper and Lower Egypt were very different from each other, so the pharaoh wore a double crown to signify their distinctiveness. 

Jahangir's son Shahjahan became the biggest spender of all the Mughals.
Jahangir's son Shahjahan became the largest buyer of all Mughals because he was spoiled as a child.

He drew out his hand and revealed a cup of iron with three straps dangling from it.
He took out the cup because he was thirsty.

It worried me just a little, for it suggested the possibility that there might be further arrests to come. 
I didn't know what to think, as this could mean that my own family and friends could be arrested soon for something so puny, and I don't know why, but this thought worried me.

That night Ca'daan dreamed of Anda and woke screaming.
Ca'daan had this dream many times. 

Editorialists conducted the usual food-scare  calming the public and explaining that risk can never be eliminated, while decrying ad hoc government responses and demanding stricter laws.
Parliament is increasingly relying on editorials to read the political room rather than as a source of ideas.

no and and from everything that i can gather you know reading different articles and and just a newspaper in general uh
The best information that I can get is from newspapers.  

Around Jalan d'Albuquerque and Dataran Portugis (Portuguese Square), the houses look no different from those in the rest of Melaka, but you may hear snatches of Cristao, a 16th-century Portuguese dialect, and mothers calling out to Afonso, Luis, or Filomena. 
The homes around Portuguese Square are occupied only by people who speak Cristao.

Long before the arrival of the first Europeans, Nagasaki had been a major focus of Japan's trade with China.
After the Europeans came, Nagasaki no longer played an important role in Japan's trade with China.

Testing provides the basis for making decisions on whether to accept contract deliverables.
It takes years of testing to provide a basis for making decisions.

8 This may entail identifying legislative changes that are needed to clarify or modify Congress' intent and expectations or to address differing conditions and citizens' needs that have occurred since the initial statutory requirements were established.
The task focuses primarily on legislative changes.

um i've had them delayed because i'm back in graduate school and on that form it says if your joining the Peace Corps you can have them delayed
Right now I'm back in graduate school, and I understand I can delay because I have plans to join the Peace Corps.

i went to high school in the city of Chicago at an inner city school although i lived in a different area near a place called Evanston Illinois
My high-school had a great theater program.

You can take my word for it that 121 there is nothing more to be done.
I know what I'm doing and there are no other options.

(Paramount plugs the re-release on its site.)
Paramount plugs the re-release of all of their moves on its site.

um i haven't kept up with uh the Texas politics other than that dirty little uh governor fight
Texan politics always has fights between governors

The house has been fully restored and offers an excellent example of fine Cairene architecture.
The house was restored by a crew of volunteers for no-cost.

Zercher recalls her  My God, can you imagine if he becomes president that we were sitting here talking about farm animals--and he's the one that brought it up.
Zercher missed the woman he recalled. 

Take this, and get Jane regularly togged up for this evening.
Jane likes getting togged up.

Personal Communication with a utility engineer that asked to remain anonymous, August 6, 2001.
Personal Communication with a utility engineer that asked to remain anonymous due to the negative nature of the comments. 

Jon shrugged.
He was not sure how to answer.

The entrance to the chateau is through the brick-and-stone gateway of the late Gothic Louis XII wing, completed in 1503.
Louis XII had the gateway built according to his own tastes.

It put a lot of strain on me, he admitted, making Chinook sound not like a machine but like a grizzled counterpart who deserved respect, even affection.
I also found it difficult to convince people that Chinook deserved money.

Administrative tools permit host organizations to revise content without a webmaster or significant technical staff.
Webmasters are hard to come by because they have been hunted nearly to extinction.

Is there an important headline that we've overlooked?
We may have overlooked an important headline.

The cultural change fostered by an effective control environment stresses the importance of improvement and efficient and effective program operations, while maintaining a balance with concerns raised regarding privacy and information security in a world where computers and electronic data are indispensable for making payments.
Privacy and information security are in the top priority when making payments with computers and electronic data.

In studies with the marine organisms, only one LC50 (presumably the combined LC50 from duplicate tests) was reported for each toxicity test.
The marine organisms living closest to human developments were the most toxic. 

Southeast of town is Shiroyama Park, whose unlandscaped slopes covered with wildflowers have a pleasantly natural look and offer an extensive panorama of the town and the Japan Alps beyond.
The Japan Alps contain several peaks which rival the European Alps.

Several organizations were led by individuals who had spent years building personal relationships with members and working to champion the purpose and mission of their organizations.
The individuals who spent years building personal relationships were quite committed to the success of their organizations.

Disease had lowered the Hawaiian population to just 20% of what it was when Captain Cook arrived.
Polio had killed a lot of Hawaiians.

She did not seem afraid, and her grave, steadfast eyes looked straight ahead.
She was afraid even though she wasn't showing it. 

People usually think we're older, and we hang out with 15-year-olds.
They are not much older than the 15-year-olds.

Do note that the quality of batik can vary greatly.
Some batik is extremely low in quality.

Jon and Susan spoke little as well.
Jon and Susan didn't know much of the language, but were able to speak it.

A new revolutionary, plastic surgery method has been developed, allowing for performing surgeries on one particular body part practically an infinite number of times.
There's nothing to fear when repeatedly getting plastic surgery.

I have a question to ask you?"  
I know you have all the facts.

7 Section 4 discusses in more detail how federal fiscal policy affects national saving.
The federal fiscal policy may affect national saving in many ways.

Craig also praised the royal family with George Street, Queen Street, and Princes Street.
The street names are still the same today.

No, but we were both angry, and, I think, said more than we meant. 
We told each other some extremely hurtful insults. 

When you see the plays performed in the ancient theaters of classical or Roman times, such as those on Thasos or Kos, it makes it all worthwhile.
The ancient theaters are broken down.

Given the large volume and complexity of federal payments and historically low recovery rates for certain programs, it is generally most efficient to pay bills and provide benefits properly in the first place.
Federal payments are the most complex of all payments.

than just delegate it i think that they they had a great deal of um all the brothers and sisters got together and they actually had a conference and i mean it was just it was probably one of the most strengthening things for our family
It helped strengthen our family when everyone had a chance to give their input and no one person took control and just told everyone what to do.

really that's that's great how
That is some really great news you just told me.

He can't help it.
He can't help it because he was born that way.

When GAO needs access to classified, proprietary, or otherwise sensitive information, it will comply with all applicable statutory requirements, including obtaining the necessary security and other clearances for assigned GAO staff.
GAO needs some financial information that has security clearances.

Sales have fallen dramatically as consumers have turned instead to vinaigrettes, salsas, and mayonnaise.
Consumers prefer vinaigrettes, salsas, and mayonnaise for their sandwiches. 

You could try to breed an expert for every job, including the petty bureaucrats, but what's the point?
Even the petty bureaucrats could be breeded into experts for a job.

During the trial, Oprah is recording her show in Amarillo, a town supposedly devastated by her beef-bashing.
Oprah had a lot of angry people after her in Amarillo. 

It is the cuisine equivalent of the landlord banging at your door.
It's the cuisine equivalent of being thrown out of your home, and it's exhilarating.

The best book review section in an American paper at the moment--the Los Angeles Times Book Review --is much closer to this variety model.
The Los Angeles Times established its book review section ten years ago.

Miss Howard ”here. 
Miss Howard was leading a group of children to a hiding spot. 

Sonnenschein had --increasing enrollment, scaling back the school's Great Books core curriculum, reducing overall stuffiness--changes that many alumni, faculty, and students feared would compromise the school's identity.
The changes made to the school were an effort to streamline expense.

When federal budget deficits and debt mounted in the 1980s, private saving declined-the opposite of what the Ricardian equivalence hypothesis would suggest.
Private saving declined due to Cold War fears.

Even assuming, for example, that the Congress and the President adhere to the oftenstated goal of saving the Social Security surpluses, our longterm model shows a world by 2030 in which these three programs alone would require almost threequarters of total federal revenue.
According to our model, these three programs would require almost two thirds of total federal revenue by 2020.

Effective policies that implement diversity goals are adopted throughout each state.
The state of New York has the best policies when it comes to implementation of diversity goals. 

the survey project manager, noted, After an attorney's first year of public interest employment, we have no idea about who continues in the field, who leaves and why.
We need to run more studies on working attorneys these days.

The kiosk used by Williams is part of a statewide effort to cope with a flood of litigants who cannot afford or refuse to hire lawyers.
The kiosk can be found in the courthouse and it is open 24 hours a day, 7 days a week. 

Some might call this aiding and abetting.
They might be called aiding and abetting, said the article.

They got into position and Jon stood on the rock overseeing the town and the mist beyond.
Jon stared intently at the town.

I watched her as she mounted me and began to move like waves of sand on the wind.
She straddled me.

This man is an ex-soldier.
He is a former soldier from the demon army.

Connections among the island chains are poor, with the exception of the ports of Piraeus and Rafina on the Greek mainland, which serve as transportation hubs for those who wish to travel from one chain of islands to another.
There are many different ferry and shipping services in Greece.

 "Then why didn't you say so?" she asked sharply.
Why didn't you say you had the cash?

The prior Executive Order contained a similar requirement now found at Section 3(b)(2)(A) of the newly effective Order requiring that the preemptive effect of the rule be specified.
They thought the orders were duplicated at first. 

Another rider came in from her opposite side, one of the bandits.
She was worried when a bandit came in from the other side.

I suppose that was probably White's influence, his words still chipping away in the back of my head.
White has influenced me, he has bullied me for years. 

and uh so many billions of dollars here and there and everything and uh the next thing you know we'll be turning turning around just like we did to Poland and say well just forget it
There's billions of dollars invested in a war we'll probably just leave behind.

Jean Shope advocated that the definition of the full spectrum of alcohol problems include primary prevention.
Jean Shope has dealt with alcoholics in the past.

It is a true city bustling with activity, dust, and noise.
The city is very large and heavily populated which makes it noisy.

It shows only that California's own bilingual education system is unpopular, dissents Clarence Page ( The McLaughlin Group ), and says nothing about other states' programs.
The public doesn't want to do away with the program, but many feel like dollars could be spent better.

and then i was told by somebody that works for JC Penney's that um Ross Ross is just one of those places that sells sells seconds
Ross isn't a good place to shop because they only sell seconds. 

This is the home of a small Bhairav idol that is paraded through Bhaktapur in a chariot during the New Year's Bisket festival.
Bhaktapur celebrates New Year is late February.

The nation has recently considered leaning toward the mainstream right to expand its influence.
To broaden our demographic and to reach more places, the nation is thinking of going mainstream.

That's so, agreed Julius.
Julius agreed with the young woman, "So it is."

Under the restrictive definition of the USO, however, it is possible for the incumbent post to be more efficient than the entrant and still lose profits because the incumbent must charge a uniform price.
The USO has a restrictive definition that most federal agencies have a hard time interpreting.

If desired, having one carrier would allow the maintenance of the mailbox rule (with, as discussed above, a reduction in competitive pressure), which in turn would be helpful in protecting the mail.
Having one carrier would be better protection for the mail delivered to private residences.

Indirect noncompliance is noncompliance having material but indirect effects on financial statements or other financial data needed to achieve audit objectives.
Audit objectives include completing the audit on time and under budget.

Rooms are comfortably large, with a small sitting area, and bathrooms are surprisingly spacious.
The bathroom area takes up half the square footage of the room.

and there are tax revolutions going on currently
The tax revolutions are having an impact.

Jon looked for Adrin and San'doro but saw neither.
Jon couldn't find Adrin or San'doro but saw someone else. 

i think if we didn't have pets if we didn't already have our dog and cat now we wouldn't get them because the kids are so little
The pets are unpredictable around the children.

in fact i think they're getting a different guy for a backup quarterback i haven't uh i haven't kept up with it lately but i remember reading something a few months ago about them signing somebody else on or or trying to go after somebody or trade for somebody but it wasn't anybody i'd really heard of but i heard on the radio this morning or yesterday morning that uh Aikman's back in practicing doing real real well um who is it Michael Irvin
I think they have already signed a great player for backup quarterback.

Of course, the cost of providing delivery by a single firm could also be compared with the cost of three or more firms.
Delivery by a single firm is much more cost-efficient than the alternatives. 

You there what's goin' on! Sergeant Rennie came to life again in the snapped demand.
Sergeant Rennie was in command of the watch that night.  

You don't get such books unless you're at least of student rating. He sighed, then shrugged.
You will need a student ID to get such books.

Skull caps and shawls are lent free of charge to those who need them.
The shawls and skull caps come in enough sizes to fit everyone.

uh the price will sound odd because it was uh you know about thirty years ago but it they wanted uh forty nine hundred dollars for it
About thirty years ago they wanted 4900 but now they want 60000. 

Whatever they may be called in private, customers who demand an inordinate amount of time, money, and morale (and we have all stood behind them at the bank) have acquired the name value-subtractors .
In private, value-subtractors are referred to as nasty freeloaders and wastes of time.

The term aggregate entry age normal refers to an approach whereby costs are determined for the group as a whole rather than for each individual participant separately.
Aggregate entry age normal means how you determine costs for the group of twenty.

These vulnerabilities are easily exploited.
You can show how vulnerable the security settings are.

This can be restated in terms of V / P, or pieces per capita (ppc), 
This can also be restated in terms of parts per county.

that yeah well and our children are all here and we want to stay here so
Our children and us are in Vermont and we like it.

It is, of course, the juxtaposition of childish amusements and adult ornamentation that makes this list so pleasingly perverse.
Mixing the joys of adulthood and childhood is what makes this list. 

you know if you keep that same format there's only so long that you can be outrageous so
You can only be outrageous for so long before it gets tiring.

Good luck, my friends.
Good luck in battle, my friends.

well do they have special cookbooks out for for just vegetarian meal meals you know special books that you
The cookbooks contain only vegetarian meals and recipes.

Panormos and Agnondas on the south coast attract tourists, as does Stafylos Beach, where the tomb of an ancient king of the same name was found in 1927.
The tomb of the ancient king was discovered just 20 years ago at Stafylos Beach.

also they were doing for a long time they were doing the company was paying for second opinions
The company favored one opinion over another.

right i think the schools today you know the public schools are just they're just overrun you know they don't know what to do there's too many kids and not enough teachers and too many kids don't care
Public schools today are not a good place to send a child.

Historian Thomas Reeves believes that, despite the media's reluctance to look into Kennedy's private life, if he had lived to have a second  [T]he realities of his lechery and his dealings with Sam Giancana might have leaked out while he was still in office, gravely damaging the presidency.
Thomas Reeves is a short, fat man.

We also cannot stand their dog.
Their dog is a Labrador.

To his surprise the man stood aside.
He did not have to ask the man to move.

How many centuries of good government would it take to balance the score for the Cambodians?
It would take approximately 400 years of flawless governing.

For months, Clinton's defenders had successfully dismissed the scandal as being just about sex.
Clinton's supporters said the scandal wasn't worth discussing at all.

A small Pinacoteca art museum is across the square.
The museum has paintings made by Leonardo Da Vinci.

As with all Buddha images, the positions of the hands are highly significant.
Images of Buddha commonly place his hands in positions referred to as mudras.

If you can find one, and carry it home, buy a traditional cradle.
Traditional cradles are safer than the more modern ones.

Do you want to do a lot of driving or restrict your trip to destinations easy to reach by train?
Train is the slowest and most restrictive way to visit attractions.

Participants generally agreed that there is a demand for both historical and fair value reporting.
Historical reports are important 

The official delayed the announcement until the UPS strike was settled, so as not to influence its outcome.
The official had to wait for two weeks to make the announcement.

Web advertising is smart, in the sense that it can be far more detailed and specific and because it can reach a target with surgical precision.
Web advertising is the most cost effective way to reach an audience.

The excellent system of roads and public transport (now enhanced by the Channel tunnel) makes the combination of car and train an attractive proposition.
Both cars and trains are an attractive proposition due to the extensive new system of roads and transport now open to the public.

But I am in her black books, since I cleared Mr. Inglethorp. 
I'm not sure why I've been in her black books since I cleared Mr. Inglethorp of theft.

 Dave Hanson bent over the gears, cursing.
Upset that they were still malfunctioning, Dave cursed as he bent over the gears. 

estimates, the 8a level seems small, as does the gain of $32 million.
The estimated gain was over 300 million dollars in the first year.

We next examine the volume vulnerable to capture by potential cream skimmers.
There is a large volume vulnerable to capture by cream skinners.

In fact, Madeira had been a sought-after destination since the middle of the 19th century, attracting wealthy British sun-lovers, minor royalty, and aristocrats from many countries.
The British ate and drank fine food at Madeira.

On the F-22 program, it was almost 3 years after this review before 90 percent of the drawings needed to build the F-22 were completed.
90 percent of the drawings were completed almost 3 years after the review, because the workers were diligent. 

Just to the northeast of the Opera in rue de la Main d'Or, rue de Lappe, and their offshoots, clubs and discos have revived an old nightlife tradition.
The clubs and discos have most recently gone for a more demonic theme.

In your own world, you were nothing.
You believed you were nothing.

Clinton has the ability to sustain that perception despite the test ban's defeat.
Clinton perceived the conservative test ban as the country's biggest threat.

Little hard on Brill here, aren't we?
We are being way too hard on Brill.

Perhaps this was a subversive act, the urinal-drain-guard manufacturer inviting us to piss on the United States' failed drug policy.
It failed because it did not properly account for supply and demand.

Targets directly linked to organizational  VBA identified targets with specific levels of performance for senior executives to meet.
Senior executives only meet with high performing targets

That's the question of your many valuable and important books.
Books ask a major question about what motivates people.

Der Stuka offers a seven-story drop, while the Black Hole shoots you through a dark tunnel.
Der Stuka has no dark tunnel, the Black Hole has no drop.

Defense  Improved Program Outcomes Are Possible.
Defense used technology to improve program outcomes.

The Blue Mountains are the highest on Jamaica and cover much of the interior of the eastern part of the island.
The blue Mountains of Jamaica do not have developed trails for hikers. 

Politically, it's anti-democratic, replacing congressional and executive branch decision-making.
Politically it is non democratic and replaces congressional and executive decision making with a free for all.

Programs that are managed without the knowledge-based process are more likely to have surprises in the form of cost and schedule increases that are accommodated by disrupting the funding of other programs.
Disrupted funding is generally restored in the next fiscal year.

The proposal in the Postal Service's petition would have established Negotiated Service Agreements as a new form of mail classification, with individual agreements to be reviewed by the Commission within 60 days.
The Postal Service's petition makes a new mail classification for bulk mail

Hastings, this affair is very deep."
I'd never have guessed the fellows at the bar were gay.

When to go is a decision of equal importance.
Visiting in the wrong months mean bad weather.

The sale is therefore an exchange transactions, and the revenue is exchange revenue of the entity making the sale.
This line involves bidding for an item.

And layers I keep in a special hut, so they won't be stressed, because otherwise I will loose one egg per day.
The special hut is also kept at a specific temperature. 

He was forever commissioning huge semiacademic studies of problems by an array of experts like Henry Kissinger, a practice which throughout his life elicited resentment from colleagues less flush with cash.
His constant scientific research helped to push scientific advancement forward.

and so i never had a chance and even when i was in school of course i always had classes about that time so i never had a chance but General Hospital huh is one to get hooked on if you're going to get hooked
General Hospital is a good soap opera to watch.

Available Funds Should Be Devoted to Real National Priorities, Center on Budget and Policy Priorities (July 7, 2000).
Real National Priorities do not include funding the military and importing foreign oil.

finding out what is valued in that group and how items of value are exchanged.
Items of value are exchanged in a group in a way that benefits everyone.

The program manager (PM) is engaged by the owner to exercise oversight of the entire facility delivery process for a multitude of projects.
The owner can increase productivity if the PM takes over more tasks.

Today's proper application of available technology makes it possible to perform the required prepayment examination without assembling hard copy records from diverse locations as in the past.
Technology has made the prepayment examination process significantly cheaper and faster.

you need to get it while you're still hot
You may not be as hot as you think when you get it.

Mahogany furniture, Jamaican paintings, cable TV, air conditioning, mini-bars, hair dryers, and in-room safes.
There are mini-bars in each room that are always stocked.

We are honoured, he said.
We should be honored. 

Then, finalizing his ode to non sequiturs, Itell analogizes Tyson's alleged disease to a fatal disease and even recommends that Tyson take psychoactive drugs and undergo a medical clearance on his behavior.
Tyson was told he had malaria and AIDS.

because it's hard for them it's hard to explain to someone that look it's costing us you know umpteen thousand dollars a year to bury this stuff in the ground
There are landfills everywhere, and people are not aware of the cost of having them.

The building was converted into a paper mill in the 19th century, but has since been restored and the cloisters once again present the calm and simplicity that were the ideals of its founder.
It took 2 years to restore the building after it was used as a paper mill.

oh i love football
Their favorite team is the Patriots.

we we have uh the death by lethal uh by injection
We have had a few people put to death by lethal injection.

Even though foreign invaders stormed Portugal around 2000 b.c. , Madeira was discovered only a few decades before Columbus made his way to America.
Madeira was only discovered 30 years before Colombus arrived in America.

Best  French perfumes, silk items, porcelain, crystal liqueurs, and vintage wines.
Alcoholic and garment goods imported from France.

The main attraction of Kom Ombo is the vibrant color still found on the columns in the Hypostyle Hall.
These colors have maintained over the years due to lack of robbers stealing stones.

 "Rumpelstilsken, let the sun rise from the west and set in the east!"  Some of the Satheri were at the windows to watch what happened this time.
The were focused on the words.

I am accountable to no one.
I do what I want.

you have different telephone numbers that you can dial and then you dial in an access code and it will depending on what topic you called in to hear about whether it was the news or the weather or a soap opera update it will give you um updated information so it can give you you know current news updates current weather updates things like that and it's it's offered through the local phone company free of charge
The local phone company just started this free service.

The highest number of cases for us are domestic, he said. 
He said that seventy percent of their cases are domestic.

little companies of one and two guys you know up there especially this particular one i think was in Maine and New Hampshire where out in the just kind of out in these little towns they'd be i n they may be the same kind of people you're talking about you know they've they've got twelve weeks to do something and they they're making furniture and just you know things like that during the winter and then they go off and do other things during the summer
There is very little demand for furniture in the summer time.

Underplayed : A California scientist announced that he has made chickens behave like quails by replacing their embryonic brain cells with quail brain cells.
A California scientist said he made chickens act like quails by hypnotizing them.

It is a much grander residence than Dove Cottage, yet it remains true to the poet's philosophy and world view it's neither too imposing nor too lavish.
The residence of Dove Cottage is approximately 2000sq ft.

Table 1. Benchmark Emission Levels and Assumed Emission Caps
Table one shows the emission caps for coal power plants.

In an interview with the Chronicle for Higher Education , Levitt took credit for launching the letter-writing  I was mad as hell that such an irresponsible review had run in Science , he said.
Levitt's interview with the Chronicle was done at his home.

Consultant access to agency decision makers may be limited, resulting in
Consultants will require more access to agency decision makers in order to make proper recommendations.

yeah well they were they were talking i think i was watching uh the NCAAs and they were talking about uh you know this is one reason they say that that athletes get the money as quickly as they can you know get all the money that you know
The reason athletes should get the money fast and get all the money is because otherwise they will lose it.

The islanders' heroic resistance, admittedly abetted by a timely typhoon ( divine wind ), earned them a formidable martial reputation.
The typhoon was category 4 and lasted a couple of days.

Of course the little things matter.
Everything matters.

Perhaps he thought it safer in the long run. 
He only wanted what was best for them.

Novak goes against the flow to argue that Goldwater retarded the conservative movement by not finding room under his robes for the poor and the religious.
Novak argues Goldwater was the worst politician in modern times, retarding the conservative movement as a result.

We'll cut off the first twenty or so.
There is no need for the first twenty or so, so we'll cut them off.

If official records were adequate, good quantitative measures of availability might be the number of low-income persons applying for housing relative to the number of units that met minimum standards and cost within 30 percent of household income or the number of persons on waiting lists for such housing and how long they had to wait.
The government measured the availability by how many people they counted in apartments. 

and the problem is that there are no good permanent full time jobs for people without a technical four year degree
Jobs can be found even without a four year degree.

This is a great discovery."
This discovery is a science-related.

Soft money is everything that isn't hard money--let me finish my answer.
Soft money contains all nonliquid assets that you possess.

Therefore, because of the immature design, initially manufactured development missiles were hand-made, took longer to build than planned, and suffered from poor quality.
Quality was initially poor because of immature design and insufficient budget.

Values of these securities can vary on the basis of regulation or specific language in the offering.
They are comprehensive and care about security.

that sounds like the exact same words my friend tells me
My friend tells me the exact same thing every day, but I never listen to her.

I am offering you the chance to earn a place in history.'
If you win the gold medal you will forever be remembered.

Go join them, said Jon.
Jon told the man to go join the mob.

When his friends appear on his show, they get treated no better than some war criminal with whom he is not acquainted.
War criminals deserve the same amount of respect as his friends.

The Washington Post reported more evidence of the alleged Chinese plot to influence U.S. elections.
The Washington Post reported more evidence about the case of the U.S. elections, but nobody liked it.

um  daddy what's the nearest big city to Toledo Bend this lake's huge i mean
This lake near Toledo Bend is huge and it'd be fun to fish there.

yeah really  these these these cats are just about as bad as kids  i've got one that can even open the cupboard doors and get in inside the cabinets
My cats are just as bad as the kids, but I wouldn't have it any other way.

so it's trying to push the weight plus have all this drain on it from all sorts of belts and things but that's one good thing i've got a uh eight ninety uh Chevy Blazer now and it's got one uh belt on it a serpentine belt
My serpentine belt is pretty easy to maintain.

Edinburgh's population grew fast between 1500 and 1650, and a maze of tall, unsanitary tenements sprouted along the spine of the High Street.
Many people died between 1500 and 1650 as a result of the massive population growth in Edinburgh and the resulting maze of tall, unsanitary tenements sprouting along the spine of the High Street. 

The reader is left to consider the desirability of such a result.
The reader must decide whether it is good or bad.

Here's what they've forgotten--Rembrandt, van Gogh, Spinoza, hydraulic engineering, silver skates, Boswell's education, (I was sure there'd be many a smartass remark about his law school days), treat, courage, uncle, rub, elm disease, those damned Spanish Hapsburgs, that crazy Protestant Reformation (the long hair, the beads, the--oh, wait, Woodstock again), the seizure of Sumatra, the wars with England and their possible connection to the death of Christopher Marlowe (who never got to see Gwyneth Paltrow naked, but might have if only he and she had been at Woodstock), and the nation's new maturity in 1952 when it took its place among other great nations as a member of the European Coal and Steel Commission.
The nation's new maturity in 1952 and it made things progress faster.

and the question is who are my sheep and the idea do we go out and feed these people when they're hungry
I think we should donate more to our local food pantries.

well i think you will be real pleased to get away from the banana as i used to call it it's uh i used it on uh some other machines in days gone by and was real pleased to leave it it was a real memory hog when you started making large block changes to it
I think you would be okay with the banana even though it's a huge memory hog. 

The cathedral's only competitor for domination of the Toledo skyline is the Alcazar, a fortress destroyed and rebuilt many times.
The Alcazar has a fatal weakness in its foundation that causes it to collapse regularly.

and then the last Civil War battle was fought at Val Verde you know over there on the Texas border you had a lot of of groups heading for Mexico and they were cut off at the pass more or less at Eagle Pass and they didn't get across the river there so they're the last and that was actually after the war was over but it was the last
There were tactical errors made by both sides during the battle.

The silk trade played a large role in Lyon's expansion in the 16th century and France's second-largest city remains a proserous and growing banking, textile, and industrial center with a bouncy pride, a taste for the good life, an important cultural heritage, and a lively contemporary arts scene.
You'll have a feeling of excitement and pride if you went to Lyon. 

absolutely  nice talking to you
Time to wrap up this conversation

The cascades fill with clear water and are surrounded by overhanging vegetation.
The cascades offer an impressive sight; overhanging growth and crystal clear waters dazzle the eye.

A Nexis search turns up 368 hits for the two in the first month after the scandal broke.
A Nexis search showed 368 hits about the Clinton scandal.

He mostly hangs out with a group of older, Southern black men, who call him Jumper and Black Cat.
He much prefers the company of older men to men his age.

oh the uh-huh right i know who you're talking about i haven't i have seen it i think maybe once
I am not current on my shows that are airing right now.

Music with a clear and steady beat, much like the lullabies that comforted them as infants.
Lullabies were the only thing that could put them to sleep when they were babies.

While still in the death chamber, the inspector had snapped a few quick pictures of himself sitting in the chair, and he is planning to use them as Christmas cards this year.
The death chamber is used in executions.

But this was not yet the Las Vegas of folklore.
It hadn't become what Vegas is known for now, which is partying.

That is a pity, said John. 
John felt pitiful.

I observed John. 
John was observed from afar.

3 Who started the fight?
Who started the axe-battle?

An ideal benefits estimate of mortality risk reduction would reflect these human characteristics, in addition to an individual's willingness to pay (WTP) to improve one's own chances of survival plus WTP to improve other individuals' survival rates.
An individual's willingness to pay has a great influence on the survival rates.

How long could it take?
How long could it take to start?

That evidence can include corroborative witnesses -- and even a layperson representing himself has the power of subpoena to require testimony.
Any evidence will always include a corroborative witness.

yeah mostly what we're doing we've worked  we've done the uh CODA account with TI where they we put in so much a month and then they or so much a paycheck and then they  match it
Each paycheck, but sometimes once a month we deposit into a CODA, they match the deposited amount. It helps us to save money for the future.

An autostrada and easy train service link Venice to Padua, Vicenza, and Verona for those in a hurry, but others should take the charming back roads; this is one of Italy's principal wine growing regions outside of Tuscany's Chianti area.
There is no direct train from Padua to Verona.

And you can even descend into caves to see ancient rock drawings.
The caves have rock drawings and other artifacts.  

There were 157 thousand city delivery routes in FY 1989.
There were 177 thousand city delivery routes in FY 1999.

As you say, he remarked, pulling himself together, "there's not a hint here as to what she's up to.
He pulled himself together and denied knowing anything.

Do you know what I say to myself sometimes? 
The person always says something to their self.

On the way, you will pass the prison, used by the Japanese in World War II and then for guerrilla troops captured during the Emergency.
The prison is still in use today.

Each has the ubiquitous historic church, a bar-restaurant, and a shop or two.
The historic churches each have their own unique architectural styles.

really did they have a separate uh like class or something for the kids or is it everybody together
I think the kids should have their own separate class. 

no well now you know it sounds like you ought to be in a condo down in Miami Beach somewhere
You should be in a condo in Miami because you are so fabulous.

Newsweek interviews John Hope Franklin, chairman of the presidential advisory board on race.
Newsweek will twist his words to manipulate people that read his interview.

The 14th-century Arche Scaligeri (Scaligeri Tombs) are found just beyond this, some of the most elaborate Gothic funerary monuments in Italy.
Graveyards in this city are beautiful to the highest degree.

However, if more than one system is installed at a site, some significant efficiencies result.
After three installed systems though, efficiency tends to plateau and does not increase.

Aloud he pursued his advantage: "And why am I so confident? 
He was very confident.

i know i know it's true
I have been told that's true.

Whether to catch the criminal or not? I asked facetiously. 
The criminal is a dangerous person.

The prices are not necessarily low, but the quality of these hand-crafted objects is high.
The average price of the objects is five hundred dollars.

His simple gravestone is decorated daily with a small vase of fresh flowers.
Every day someone different puts fresh flowers on the gravestone.

It was an LBO.
The bomb was probably an LBO.

Aside from exotic fruits, strange roots, land crabs, dried fish, spices, and nuts, you can pick up spiritual spray for your house, ointments designed to bring you money, lotions and powders for your ailments, or a baby pig.
There are a number of different items for sale.

But they are not good reasons to tout them as cures--or even as safe.
People have died as a result of this misleading advertising.

i mean it's glamorous taking drugs or at least it seems that way
It's is glamorous to ingest narcotics, or so the media makes it seem.

Probably descendants of the invading Scythians and Huns, the Rajputs were a formidable opposition met by the waves of invaders Turks, Afghans, and Mughals.
As invasions continued to happen, the Rajputs' numbers dwindled.

Over the last decade, as a result of efforts to reduce the size of government, agencies have downsized their design and engineering staffs and relied more on outside consultants for technical expertise.
They were trying to save money.

Nearby is the house of another famous person, an author whose fictitious main character has taken on an almost-real persona.
The author has a house nearby and also one abroad. 

i know you've got to get past that that grudge attitude that many have but that's uh that that would be a part of selling it to the community to the adults ahead of them that probably would never serve and and to each succeeding generation there'd definitely have to be a major PR campaign in each community each county
I know you have to stop resenting your old boss.

The outstanding Salon de Gasparini is named after the artist (Matias Gasparini of Naples) that mobilized stone-cutters, sculptors, glass-blowers, clock-makers, sil?­versmiths, cabinet-makers, and embroiderers to produce this stunning example of rococo.
The Salon de Gasparini was the only building named after Matias Gasparini.

It's not quite up to the scale of America Large below, but Large is mostly artificial oil fields.
Large has oil fields that pump out lots of oil.

It truly was.
It was the perfect place

Allow at least two hours for the visit a comprehensive tour will take three or four.
Comprehensive tours can even last up to 8 hours.

Results that don't fit the theory, such as the defeat of Matt Fong in the California Senate race, have simply been ignored--as has the fact that the Republicans retained their majorities in both houses.
Matt Fong, a democrat, lost the California Senate race, showing the "silent majority" of Republicans.

A young woman was struggling with an older man.
The man was stronger than the woman.

Yet I do not know… .
I don't know, but am learning tomorrow.

Let me out! 
I will never be able to leave without your help!

"Not thief, not spy!" The boy beside Drew dropped a wealed hand from his face.
The boy showed his face to Drew to prove he didn't look like a spy.

GAO produced a set of four guides to help organizations confront the problem.
GAO solved the problem by producing a set of four guides.

yeah and i i just don't see uh you know a baseball player being worth that or any really any pro pro athlete because we look at that compared to what uh normal people make i mean it's just totally outrageous
Baseball players don't do enough work to deserve half their salary.

She turned a split second before it pierced her.
She was stabbed by a very long sword.

That's why GAO's strategic plan and associated annual performance plan are consistent with the requirements and best practices of GPRA.
The GAO's strategic plan was developed in a year.

You can fish for perch and carp in the lake or for trout in the Riviyre d'Argent (Silver River), or just glide around the lake among the swans.
The water is crystal clear without pollution. 

they say that swimming is real good so i'd like to try that as well and that's probably something that that you could do you know family included
My family would like to join me in taking up swimming.

Reserve Ellora for a tour during the afternoon, when the caves will be illuminated by sunlight.
The caves were built specifically to be lit at the right time of day.

Tony  Shoes (so Clinton will have Shoes and Socks).
n/a

I saw a strange look come into Dorcas's eyes. 
When I saw Dorcas, she had a strange look in her eyes.

uh i agree i think the IRS is uh just too powerful there should be some sort of a control on it and they should be a little more humane
The IRS doesn't care about the common person. 

who's going to run it you know what how oh it's just so many
The one running it will be the President.

we try to teach our kids as much as we can at home you know we have we try to spend like Monday nights we call it family home evening and
We wanted them to have a well rounded education.

Lawyers know how to make landlords heat apartments so the medical treatment can stick.
They wanted to make sure their clients rights were being observed.

it's funny how your little minds work isn't it oh
The mind of a child is an ever changing thing.  

After 1868 that center grew even stronger, when the movement known as the Meiji Restoration overthrew the Tokugawa shogunate and the imperial court moved to Edo.
Tokugawa Ieyasu was the most powerful Shogun in the history of Japan.

Time offers thumbnail sketches of prominent members of the House Judiciary Committee, the body deciding Clinton's fate.
Clinton is good friends with some members of the House Judiciary Committee.

Sure thing.
Definitely that.

uh yeah uh yeah here in the Springs we have a choice of two either an HMO or a company health insurance
There should be more than two choices available for people.

Might be some racing.
They could all race to the village.

This Fort was right.
This Fort had predicted the future correctly.

well Stephanie what's your position on gun control
Tell me your position on gun control, and I'll tell you mine. 

The World Health Organization, the American Medical Association, and the American Dietetic Association all back the technology as safe.
The WHO says it's perfectly safe to use the new X-ray machines.

I would guess that decision will have to be made as we move through the budget process, Payne said.
The budget process will be affected by the decision.

Other callers just want someone to talk to.
Many callers who don't enjoy the conversation will hang up immediately.

The two men have been joined forever in an intimacy deeper and more complex than that of blood or sex.
They had a beautiful bond and romance. 

The Old One awakens, thought Jon.
The Old One made noise.

well like i say the acid rock i just do not care and i don't care for rap music either
I had to listen to too much rap and acid rock when living with a friend.

and have to cup my hand over it and peek down there with my eye to see what time it was
If I were in bright light I'd have to hold a hand over it to shade it then peek around the hand to ascertain the time.

The advocate component of the website is organized geographically (generally by state or city), by local practice areas and by national practice areas.
Clients appreciate being able to sort advocates according to what's most convenient for them.

She looked at Jon and smiled.
SHe smiled at Jon so big he could see all her teeth.

His technique was amazing and the complicated moves were beautiful.
He made beautiful movements with his sword.

Under review were programs in Florida, Alabama, Arkansas, New Jersey, Nevada, Pennsylvania, Oklahoma, Massachusetts, and Ohio.
The programs are going to be wonderful for the selected states. 

John Tanner announced Monday that the grant was awarded to West Tennessee Legal Services of Jackson.
West Tennessee Legal Services made a stellar presentation and was awarded the grant.

We're always saying, 'Will it pay?'  
The assassination job makes us think of its payout. 

He stood his ground and waited.
He waited while tapping his foot.

The 1960 ferroconcrete reconstruction of the main castle-keep houses a fine museum of feudal armor and weapons and offers a good view of the city.
They reconstructed the castle to make it look like it had when it was built in the 1400's.

They weren't really staring at you.
He was led to believe that they were fixated on him, and he felt a sense of pride and joy, but his confidence was crushed when he was told that nobody there was staring at him, but instead staring at what was on him.

The agency offers forms for renters to try to get their security deposit returned, and forms for people who want to get divorced or modify their divorce decree.
The agency forces slumlords to give their deposits back.

The magazine profiles former anti-apartheid activist Mamphela Ramphele, who now heads the University of Cape  She has won admirers (and enemies) by insisting that the university not adjust its standards to favor black students.
The magazine profiles former anti-apartheid activist Mamphela Ramphele, who no longer believes in the cause. 

so um do you work how'd you find out about this
How did you know about the promotion? 

The originals of the cathedral's major sculptures are on display next door in the museum of the archbishop's residence, the Palais du Tau.
The Palais du Tau also contains famous paintings.

Tito died in 1980.
Tito died on a Tuesday in 1980.

The Bureaucratic Politics of  A Case Study of the Department of Labor.
The mood at the Department of Labor was very divisive.

Unless that Lieutenant Spath up at the camp tries again with that long-legged black of his,"Topham added.
The Lieutenant was admired among his peers.

The Indonesian movement was a rather spontaneous resistance led by ordinary students, workers, the unemployed, and the lower-middle classes.
No one knows how the Indonesian movement started.

When his family fell on hard times, Degas blamed it on the Jews.
Degas blamed the Jews because he needed someone else to blame for his hardship.

Nikenation
Nike's brand affiliation. 

okay well thanks a bunch we'll talk to you later bye
We greatly appreciate your help.

Many of her possessions are on display in the various private and state apartments open to visitors.
Her possessions, everything from dresses to crown jewels, can be viewed by visitors.

The cover story journeys to HMO hell.
The article tackles the reasons behind the hell of HMOs.

really well it's funny because talk about car repairs i was getting my oil changed and i was sitting in the little lobby it's one of these you know five minute change places and this guy comes storming into the lobby there and he says um you know you guys advertise a twenty dollar oil change and you charged me thirty dollars and the guy says well yeah but you got a Mercedes Benz and it takes a special oil filter
As I was sitting in the lobby and reading a magazine, I overheard the conversation.

Unless the report is restricted by law or regulation, or contains privileged and confidential information, auditors should ensure that copies be made available for public inspection.
The report should be released soon.

The most endearing quality of the Spice Girls is their very crassness.
They were very popular among teens and young adults.

Don't let it happen again, the Lord said to me.
The lord told me not to take his name in vain again.

Adrin and the Kal were back to back.
Adrin and Kal were fighting other people.

um-hum oh i'm sure it is i'm sure it is i was exposed to a lot of music when i was younger i my parents had me take piano lessons for eight years and
My favorite music to listen to when I was younger was classic rock.

(Current Editor Floyd S. Bloom will return to Scripps Research Institute.)
The Editor is leaving because he misses his old job.

The butler remonstrated with him.
The butler protested with his employer.

It is said that after the crew of the Bounty settled on Pitcairn Island, Fletcher somehow found his way back to England, living out his life on Belle Isle, protected by his family.
Bounty landed on the island on June 8.

These two cases illustrate the need to pursue U.S. interests on two tracks--together as possible and alone as necessary (or, in diplomatic jargon, multilaterally and unilaterally).
They needed to make it come together.

I'd swear no one's passed this way.
I have been here for hours and you are the first person to come this way.

But Sabah boasts the fastest-growing tree in the  an acacia-like Albizzia falcataria, which was  clocked  from germinated seed to almost 11 m (over 35 ft) in just 13 months.
The tree species Albizzia Falcataria can only be seen in Sabah. 

Over the weekend the square hosts a flea market, where vendors lay out a variety of new and second-hand goods.
You can buy almost anything from the flea market at good prices.

USAT : After all, this is the man about whom Carly Simon was rumored to have written the hit 1972 song, You're So Vain.
Some people think that You're So Vain is about Elvis Presley. 

In a type-1 worksharing situation, the mailer or competitor would sort the mail in essentially the same way that the postal service would sort the mail.
The postal service is opposed to worksharing programs.

and and and the uh the law says that if you've got a certain quantity on you you're presumed to be a dealer
Even though it was all for personal use they still charged me with a felony.

and uh some of the more rich schools are those are those schools that are financially well off are going to have to support those are aren't especially in the minority neighborhoods neighborhoods
A rich school will have to donate 10% of its overall funding to a school that's less off.

well i can see why if you've got little ones just coming along there's a a whole lot of stuff going on out there
There are children on the way, there's a lot to do for kids outside

The Integrated Planning Model (IPM) predicts future emissions outputs from EGUs affected by the Clear Skies Act.
IPM predicts what emissions will be in the future after the Clear Skies Act is put into action.

yeah yeah yeah something like that uh i got a whole bunch of bulbs along with this stuff so i'm going to wait on those
These bulbs are the ones you hang on your house during christmas time.

oh he's highly upset he uh went on uh he was on uh Twenty Twenty or Sixty Minutes i can't remember which one and got blasted uh you know they uh that's where it all came about because he said a few remarks of uh on that uh talk show or
He was blasted on the show because he said some offensive remarks.

Leading commercial companies expect their program managers to deliver high-quality products on time and within budget.
If program managers cannot deliver on time and within budget, there are serious consequences.

The Office of Program Performance has revised internal procedures for handling program mergers/consolidations.
All program mergers are handled by the Office of Program Performance.

Egyptian nationals are not allowed to gamble so casinos are only open to foreign guests over the age of 21 (you will be asked for ID).
Egyptians travel to nearby countries to visit casinos.

The preamble to the final rule contains the required information regarding the collections, including the legal basis and reason for the collections, the number of respondents, and an estimate of the annual burden hours.
The preamble is not the only place this information is located.

LSC does this in two ways.
Each way is used in specific situations that it is best suited for.

Republican strategists will make Democrats carry that burden into the elections.
Due to the previous administration's actions, pushing the burden onto Democratic shoulders will be easy.

You may well get sprinkled by sea spray as you walk along the rocky bluff to the large cement croseerected (between 1947 and 1951) at the summit.
The sea spray has a far reach along the rocky bluff.

Surprisingly, in 1997, 69 percent of the respondents said that they read or look at advertising mail, and 60 percent said that they find it useful or interesting.
People who responded to this survey may not have been a representative sample.

hey that's pretty good no i guess like i say i just have i don't know i just have never seen any interest in him but
I'm not interested in how he does that.

and so she basically didn't use credit cards and didn't know very much about them and how they work and and how you can use them to your advantage and and how you know you
She wanted to improve her credit score but didn't know how credit cards would impact her score.

The analysis included in the proposed rulemaking provides the information required by sections 603(b)(1) and (2), describing the reasons for the proposed action and its objectives and legal basis.
There are several major reasons but budgetary constraints are the primary motivation.

well there was a movie out it's been on cable i get cable and there's this thing with uh Danny De Vito called Twins
I only watch this movie because it's on TV, not because I really want to.

The Greek government is concerned that archaeological treasures do not disappear and for this reason diving is only allowed with a qualified dive company that will oversee underwater locations and activities.
In the early 1900s, a number of valuable historical treasures disappeared, stolen by unscrupulous divers.

The last time Prudie checked, girlfriends could not prescribe drugs.
Boyfriends, however, could prescribe three medications a year.

'Greetings!'
They were excited to say hello.

After initial conversations with a number of organizations, we narrowed our focus to eight organizations that had implemented fairly comprehensive organizationwide information security programs.
These 8 organizations were forthcoming and open about how they approach their ideas.

 "'Tis obviously not a thing of reason," Garm told him severely.
Garm told him that it was obviously not a thing of reason, adding significant emphasis to the word 'reason'.

Suddenly Jane Finn started up.
Jade Finn was very erratic.

He says she gave him the confidence to be an actor, and he ended up helping to support her at the end of her life.
He acted in several movies and television shows.

The focus of the study will be to determine what changes need to be made in the existing structure to allow the Center to effectively meet its mission or, alternatively, to recommend a new structure.
 The main purpose of the study is an important part of everyday life

Mrs. Inglethorp came down last. 
Inglethorp was slow to be ready.

In EPA's judgment, the Chestnut and Rowe study contains many of the elements of a valid CV study and is sufficiently reliable to serve as the basis for monetary estimates of the benefits of visibility changes in recreational areas.
The chestnut and rowe study was conducted over a period of 50 years. 

Through a decade of good luck and leveraging its lead in the PC OS market, Microsoft has unfairly eliminated competition.
The company has a lot of value.

There's no telling how far the liberalizing of Lott might go with enough positive reinforcement.
Lott is a criminal that needs positive reinforcement to improve.

Apparently the sun had passed through the sky in a similar manner.
The sun was bright as it passed through the sky.

We found that leading commercial companies used two tools to capture knowledge that a product's design was reliable and producible within cost, schedule, and quality targets before making a production decision.
Leading commercial companies had special teams of people responsible for product design assessments.

The enclosure does not include the proposed reorganization of the order of presentation to provide a more logical grouping of the standards by function, such as planning, audit documentation, report content, and the audit process.
The enclosure includes proposals submitted last year as well.

Accordingly, we submit a total of cases closed for 1999 of 924,000.
924,000 cases were closed in 1999, which was more than previous years.

Also called Non-Variable Cost or Constant Cost.
These inputs reflect costs that do not change over time.

The talk fell on insanity.
The speakers were losing their minds.

I have no idea. 
I don't know anything about the painting.

The team now faces China, which crushed defending champion Norway 5-0.
China usually loses badly when playing against Norway.

Perdue is almost a decade older than he is.
Perdue is 10 years older than him, but love is blind.

Thus, rural mail boxes tend to cluster where roads (not on the route) intersect with the carrier's route.
This methodology has saved millions of dollars in carrier costs.

In the 11th century, the adventurous Normans put an end to Arab control of Sicily and southern Italy.
The Normans had gained control of northern Italy without opposition.

Total Factor Productivity
Total factor productivity increased 

The drive to find and eat food was integral to the survival of our early ancestors.
Our ancestors wanted to find animals to kill.

yeah yeah they have muffins there at the TI cafeteria too in the mornings
The TI cafeteria has muffins in the mornings and they are really good.

Every counter was there before he swung.
He was getting tried of swinging.

Room price guidelines below are for a double room with bath in high season, including breakfast and VAT (value-added tax).
The double room is the most costly of the rooms they offer.

The British retribution galvanized the Irish and in the words of Yeats's poem,  All changed, changed utterly. 
Yeats argued for the continued war between Ireland and Britannia.

The highlight of the Moyenne Corniche, the best road of the three, is the hilltop village of Eze.
The Moyenne Corniche is a road that is famous for its scenery.

and when you stop and look at the you know something like eight million tires a month that are you know discarded you know there's a lot of tires out there that that could go through this process
I can think of ways to use all those tires, like as mulch for playgrounds.

However, the benefits of this formula do extend beyond the pits.
The benefits of the formula may extend beyond the pits.

i go out i had all my stuff set i had my little campfire thing setup and my my pots and pans and stove and all that
I had prepared for that trip for months.

The town, just off the autoroute from Calais, has two of the most beautiful city squares in France, echoing the classical Flemish style of the 17th and 18th centuries in the arcades and the gabled facades of the Grande Place and the Place des H??ros.
The Calais autoroute leads down a scenic mountain path into the town's heart.

Island society has seen more change in the last twenty years than in the previous thousand.
Island society has been changing rapidly because of boats with powerful motors.

The Great Famine struck in 1845 with a blight on the staple food of the poor, the potato.
Potatoes have many uses.

All right.
Fine, if you must.

An icon is a religious portrait, usually of a saint or apostle.
The faithful keep icons in their houses and look at them when they pray.

no no they they  get get her a get her a box of doggy biscuits to to to let her feed him
She is the only one that gives the dog his doggy biscuits.

As an alternative, DOD is now testing the feasibility of training staff at its GPRA pilot agencies via satellite.
The DOD wants to reduce the costs of implementation at all costs.

uh oh  is but do you try keep trying anyway
It's not something that makes you stop trying to be a good parent, right?

All combat comes from deception.
Combat can be avoided with straight forward talk.

But the Savoys also favored the Flemish, Dutch, and Northern European paintings, making this collection one of Italy's richest.
This collection is admired by art collectors from all over.

Far from devastating, this slowdown was, the White House said at the time, good for seniors.
The slow down is bad for the middle class.

In determining that Congress did not implicitly establish a right of action, we considered the four factors set forth in Cort v.
Cort V provided examples of Congress superseding its jurisdiction. 

And in the Where are they now?
They might be in another country now.

If you'll excuse my saying so, you're a curious young couple.
You're a curious young couple because you are so different, if you'll excuse me saying so.

is that right huh i would think uh that if you were real cold and you hit uh hit the ground that it would seem to hurt more
You hit the ground because of the wind.

and then uh you know with a long brush and then just hose it all down and i had the whole yard was full of soap suds
I use a brush, a hose and a towel and fill the whole yard with soup suds.

figure it's going to be it's never what it was last month and uh and uh you know it's it's the one that's always the killer
To help with this, I've created a slush fund in my budget.

so you really know about them
Where did you learn so much about them?

yeah well it's it's nice to get somebody to help you with the rent and everything but uh at the end of ten years what are you going to have
There is little to worry about if your rent is covered.

yeah it really was and i loved The Shining
I might have liked the shining

exactly even you know in our own country i mean Bush was in the scull and bones the Trilateral Commission and all these groups with ulterior motives and so it's like what on earth is you know are these people ever here and involved in
Bush was involved in many organizations with ulterior motives.

yeah yeah really every time i store batteries i wind up going to use them and they're dead they've been stored so long  oh boy well then this is a little bit of relief although they still have warnings all the time around here for
I have a few batteries stored at the moment.

The more annoyed he got, the more unnerved I was.
The man was annoying in general.

The estimated annual demand for catalyst from the Clear Skies Act, which consists of the demand due to new installations and annual replacement is shown in Table 6-8.
There is a demand for catalyst due to the Clear Skies Act, which was enacted in 1992.

 Amendments to Regulation X, the Real Estate Settlement Procedures  Withdrawal of Employer/Employee and Computer Loan Origination Systems Exemptions (FR-3638); and Policy Statements 1996-1 (regarding computer loan origination systems); 1996-2 (regarding sham controlled business arrangements); and 1996-3 (rental of office space, lock-outs, and retaliation)
Regulation X will hurt Real Estate Settlement Procedures.

and it takes some drastic steps at this point and i think personally the drastic step has to be that um that you can't work if you continue taking drugs i mean it's as simple as that i mean make it so
I think you shouldn't be able to continue working if you keep taking drugs because you could endanger others.

Foster's book is not only a fine account of Yeats' early life
Foster's book is also a fine account of Broats' early life. 

Hush! John Cavendish had turned to Poirot. 
Be quiet! John Cavendish then tuned 180 degrees around and faced Poirot. 

The remaining 37 states would be subject to the requirements of the current Clean Air Act standards at least until model year 2004.
The remaining states, which include Wisconsin and Michigan, will be subject to the current Clean Air Act up until at least 2004. 

Similarly, her title teases her readers, inviting us to draw parallels between her personal history and the story she tells in the novel, though she declines to supply the necessary details about her life.
Similarly, her title teases readers by inviting us to draw parallels between her history and the story she tells in the novel about red riding hood.

I let the bodyguards lead me behind the curtain.
My bodyguards were really tall.

 They must be growing smaller again.
They will eventually shrink down to half of their original size. 

We also discussed assessment techniques with experts at NIST.
The experts at the NIST have more knowledge than we do about assessment techniques.  

In this regard, we have long advocated that congressional committees of jurisdiction hold augmented oversight hearings on each of the major agencies at least once each Congress.
These hearings might help identify and eliminate wasteful practices.

Even if you're the kind of traveler who likes to improvise and be adventurous, don't turn your nose up at the tourist offices.
The tourist offices can actually offer some great adventure tours.

Getting to work in Applied is actually quite a big deal.
They were proud of their career path.

Kyoto simply means Capital City though it was originally known as Heian-kyo ( Capital of Peace ), the name given to the golden Heian era between the tenth and 12th centuries.
Kyoto has temples as old as the city itself.

This request reflected a senator's special interest in the Glacier National Park in Montana.
The request reflected the senator's special interest in the park, which was his favorite place to go as a child.

recycle it
Recycle the cans.

Abracadabra!  His skill must be improving, since he got exactly what he had wished for.
He is a powerful magician. 

He asked me my name.
He asked to see my passport.

Tuppence's hostel was situated in what was charitably called Southern Belgravia.
Tuppence's hostel was in a slum.

about five more years maybe but um i don't know i don't know really
It'll continue for many more years than five. 

The other hesitated.
The other was full of doubt.

While the nearby Malwa and Gujarat came under Muslim rule, Rajputana remained Hindu.
Gujarant and Malwa came under Muslim however Rajputana had remained independent to remain Hindu.

oh hadn't gotten any um yeah um yeah sounds nice i used it we we had some wild plum trees growing in a field when i was a near my house when i was a kid we used to go out there and raid it
I'm hoping to plant some plum trees at our current house.

The Commission afforded interested persons the opportunity to comment on the proposed rule, and the Commission's Report and Order addresses these comments.
People who don't want to comment don't have to.

i hope it doesn't reach you up there
I hope the cold weather doesn't move up to you.

The Third Wave feminist's third book--part memoir, part sociology, part political tract--gets praised for its lyrically rendered anecdotes and slammed for shoddy thinking.
The  feminist wrote three bots that support her theories.

But in her own mind she was far from feeling the confidence displayed in her words.
Even though she sounded confident, she was scared.

Two days later, she quoted Dole in another  They've turned the White House into something else, I don't know what it is.
She quoted Dole two days later but nobody liked it.

i imagine that would be a bear to work on you know uh
I bet that it would take a long time to get a handle on.

1.1 percent of GDP in 1973 to a deficit of 0.1 percent in 1991.
Corn exports decreased as a percentage of GDP from 1973 to 1991

it seems to me there's an Italian deli nearby that's pretty good uh
i like the Italian deli, but my friend doesn't

And on Capital Gang , the team ran out the clock with silly segments on what hypothetical gift each of the panelists would give to various politicians, and what hypothetical gift they would give to each other.
On Capital Gang everyone had fun when discussing the gifts they would give politicians and one another.

We three sat for some time in silence. 
My parents and I sat quietly for a while. 

right um-hum yeah i find it's usually pretty useful to cook you know some number of recipes out of a book to get a flavor of the style
There are always recipes that are easier than others, it's all about experimenting.

The Cityof Los Angeles operates seven 18-hole and five 9-hole courses; for information on these courses (and all city-sponsored sports) call (818) 246-5613, or visit the L. A. Department of Recreation and Parks website at www.laparks.org.
The 9-hole courses in Los Angeles are more celebrated.

Naturally, the agency's size and budget exploded (see David Plotz's explanation in Strange Bedfellow).
The agency's budget increased by two million dollars.

Red Sea Sports are also recommended.
Other things are recommended, too.

 Shopping malls include the three-story St. Stephen's Green Shopping Centre, where you can buy just about anything and also have a meal (it can be very crowded, especially in summer).
There are no shopping malls that are better than St. Stephen's Green Shopping Centre.

john Q Citizen goes up robs the liquor store shoots the guy behind the counter his his uh lawyer is going to argue that well my client was under the influence of whatever drug he was on at the time and he wasn't really in his normal frame frame of mind
The robber used a handgun to shoot the man.

yeah you know that would be grounds for uh if it's their second positive it would be grounds for termination if it's their first positive then they're setup with E A P counseling
EAP counseling is optional, but those who don't take it will be terminated.

Seeing and appreciating even that many great paintings could occupy a serious student of art for many weeks.
Seeing and appreciating even that many great paintings could occupy a serious student of art for many weeks because it represents so many masters.

okay but you can't find no jobs like that
They don't exist.

He stood by the screen with his face in shadow.
He stood next to the screen in the living room. 

It is lovingly mounted in the Centre Guillaume-le-Conqu??rant, in the Rue de Nesmond, and is accompanied by a fascinating film (in English or French) that explains the work's historical background.
It is also available in Lebanese.

Drew Kirby. He must remember that always he was Drew Kirby, a Texan schooled with kinfolk in Kentucky, who served in the war under Forrest and was now drifting west, as were countless other rootless Confederate veterans.
Drew Kirby had lived in Dallas his whole life.

The sprawling Right Bank (rive droite) covers the whole range of Paris's social life, from ultra-chic to downright sleazy.
Some of the nightclubs on the Right Bank are astronomically expensive.

Beyond this is the King's Closet, where only his intimate entourage would be admitted for evenings of drinking and card games.
Lots of people were invited to the King's Closet.

Yes, said Jon.
Jon confirmed it emphatically.

 Hanson braced himself as the lines of slaves beneath him settled themselves to the ropes.
They would sacrifice themselves so Hansen could save the world.

God forgive me if I am wronging him!" I looked at my watch. 
I needed to know the time.

yeah uh i was i went in in nineteen and sixty five when they were drafting people in fact my father was on the draft board so
My father was director of the draft board.

well it it there there are so many for instance have you ever been out to Tyler State Park
This park is worth visiting.

but um they do have a good team
Their team is getting better every week.

If you would like to scale the highest heights, you'll need expert guidance.
Climbing is difficult but lots of fun.

I do not know, said Poirot. 
I am not aware, said Poirot.

Moat House" was just past the next corner.
The Moat House had a sidewalk leading to it.  

This is the best evidence yet of the truth of your story.
This might be all the evidence we need to believe your story.

yeah i i think you really have to be disciplined
It is easy to give up, if you are not disciplined.

By the end of the third quarter, Sept. 30, 2001 (the last date for which this data is available), that amount had increased to an average daily balance of $1.
The amount increased by 10% by the end of the quarter.

You may find that you spend as much time talking to Amer?­i?­cans, Germans, Scan?­di?­navians, and Britons as to the natives.
You will definitely end up have a conversation with at least one American. 

So why Clinton's aggressive defense of Helms-Burton?
Clinton believed hekns Burton was innocent 

It invests heavily in research and development.
Research and development are the most important factors of growth to it.

Ruled in the early sixth century by Theodoric, king of the Ostrogoths, it was recaptured for Emperor Justinian in 540, and Byzantine culture left its mark for another two centuries.
It was considered a key trading post as it was surrounded on all sides by major rivers.

uh-huh yeah me too
yeah I also like this one more 

But corporations enjoyed a huge  The stockholders had to do so only if they were assessed special dues or fees.
If there are no fees included, there is no way that stockholders will do so.

'Now let's get to work.'
Let's start working on this project.

the trouble is they think they can buy it for a thousand dollars or less
They need to spend several thousand dollars for it.

Built from the eighth to the 12th centuries, San Pietro stands at the ba ck of a grassy courtyard with Etruscan sarcophagi, beside two crumbling medieval towers.
The project to built San Pietro was briefly put on hiatus in the 10th century.

Laryngitis, I said.
I said I had laryngitis but I was just afraid to talk.

well what about uh uh sending all this money overseas supporting other governments third world governments how do you feel about that
Third world countries could benefit from monetary support.

Hope the young lady's keeping well, sir?
I hope your boy is doing well too. 

GAO Response Payment authorization prior to verifying receipt and acceptance is a common process referred to as fast pay.
The GAO prefers fast pay as the payment method.

Of the $12 million, 22 percent is earmarked for the LSNY budget and 78 percent is allocated among the seven local corporations, according to LSNY spokeswoman, Edwina Martin.
They wanted to strive to allocate 80 percent next year.

Mid-market department stores such as Standa and Upim are increasingly more commonplace, while Rinascente and Coin are the most upscale.
The increasingly large presence of mid-range department stores suggests that the public is looking for more affordable products. 

It's silly that this is all such a guessing game.
The guessing game can also be known as: Christmas shopping. 

5 percent of the GDP in calendar year 1994.
Government spending accounted for 5 percent of total GDP in 1994. 

it's uh yeah we have one in the office and if we want to use it well in our area if we want to use it we have to you know like you said you had to change it put it on a disc and carry it over to there and see if they're not using the printer
The procedure is long and can be a waste of time

Same-sex marriage would have no direct effect on the rights and obligations of parenthood.
While contested, it's clear same sex marriage has no direct effect on parenthood.

really that's yeah it is
I hadn't thought about it like that before.

As long as there are still U.S. workers paying payroll taxes (and if there aren't, we'll have many far bigger problems), these can cover at least partial benefits.
As long as american workers pay taxes, benefits can be paid for through 2024.

yeah yeah no there's actually there may be an AM station that does it i'm not there may be an AM station that does it but i'm not i'm not really sure
The radio station is one of the least popular ones in the world.

A famous example is the Klein bottle, a kind of higher-dimensional Moebius strip whose inside is somehow the same as its outside.
The bottle was very popular when it was first released.

Though independent travel is difficult north of Luxor because of security precautions put in place to protect tourists (see driving, page 111), there are still two temple complexes that can be visited from your base at Luxor.
There are only two temple complexes at the Luxor base for tourists.

The $60 billion NationsBank-BankAmerica deal took three weeks, and the companies did due diligence in three days.
The $60 billion deal took three weeks time, said the economist.

The cryme de la cryme of Las Vegas deluxe is Steve Wynn's Bellagio.
Steve Wynn worked very hard to build up the Bellagio's reputation.

Saving education campaigns are one tool to encourage people to save more for their own retirement.
Saving for retirement is important 

Greuze's task was certainly something to dwell on.
Greuze had volunteered for the task.

Reproach vs. repentance.
Reproach and repentance are opposite ends of the spectrum.

Adrin shouted, pivoting on his left heel and came around in a full reverse swing.
Adrin yelled at the fighters who were approaching.

But the varicolored gowns they wore in place of proper clothing were covered with odd designs, stars, crescents and things that might have been symbols for astronomy or chemistry.
The symbols and designs, despite connection, held no real focus on astronomy or chemistry. 

so you do that and right and then we try to do a family activity on Saturday usually in the morning
Last week we went for a hike in the foothills.

A special issue examining the dawn of e-life rehashes conventional wisdom on the transformative potential of the  Commerce will be revolutionized by Amazon-like companies and by online auctions that enable individuals to sell oddball items to distant buyers or bid for services from companies with excess inventory.
Amazon and similar companies will revolutionize commerce by lowering prices by 30%.

so it's it's more like living with a big in a big house where it's your turn to to set the table like you're saying or whatever instead of being waited on hand and foot all the time yeah that would be nice
Is living in a big house your goal?

The digital box may well be the harbinger of a truly wired future, once the struggle over which technologies will be included in it is resolved and the cable companies figure out how to get subscribers to pay for it.
The cable companies plan to charge each customer $20 more.

The university is one of Israel's proudest achievements, where you will find the Jewish National University Library and the landmark mushroom-domed University Synagogue.
The university deals a lot with issues relating to Judaism.

It was a cop, a woman of intermediate age.
The police were after us.

Wodehouse, Paul Gigot and Mary McGrory.
Paul Gigot and others.

She did so.
She agreed and did that.

now was there actually snow on the ground all that that time from September through what March
Was there much sun along with the snow?

c) Has lied frequently.
Do not trust them. 

really oh i don't know
Although the sun is shining here, I really have no clue.

That's not a problem for most of the shelter's indigent residents, who can access free legal aid locally from West Texas Legal Services.
It is easy for the shelter's residents to access aid.

Oro was no longer nose to nose with Shiloh, rather now nose to neck.
Oro was always competing with Shiloh in sports events.

in fact i went up there visiting i had a friend at Davidson one time and i went up there visiting him and and he took me out running through the trails in the piney woods up there and i just loved it
The piney woods were located ten miles from Davidson

And they don't calm civil libertarians, who fear the FISA Court is a mere rubber stamp for executive power.
Civil libertarians are afraid of the FISA court's authority.

If you lead any kind of alternative lifestyle, you will be left blessedly alone, rather than being ostracized, but you won't find much in the way of an affinity culture.
They did not want to be alone all the time.

I guess you're lucky to be here at all.
You were so close to death.

For the past 20 years, attorney Richard M. Smith has helped senior citizens with their legal needs, free of charge.
The public has long believed that Mr. Smith deserved recognition for his work.

If you believe that the trust fund is an accounting fiction (the government borrowing from itself, paying itself interest, and writing checks that are government commitments irrespective of the fund), then the transaction is a total wash.
The trust fund is accounting fiction.

My dear child, interrupted Tuppence, "there is nothing I do NOT know about the cost of living.
Tuppence believes she knows everything about the cost of living, but she is incorrect.

Who else? 
Who was with her in the room?

Tuppence mapped out her plan of campaign.
Tuppence helped her find the best way to win.

Defense  Best Commercial Practices Can Improve Program Outcomes.
Good commercial practices can make a better program outcome.

Without the funding provided by LSC, many of these individuals would have no other source of legal assistance for these problems.
The LSC gives funding to individuals who are fighting cases in civil court.

They were still between him and the stairs.
They stood for minutes, between him and the stairs.

Even today wind and water are still hard at work, gradually but continually changing the landscape.
Wind and water are not working as hard as they did 10 years ago.

For example, while the university did not develop data on the actual cost of incidents, such as the cost of recovering from virus infections, the database could be used to compile such information, which would be useful in measuring the cost of security lapses and in determining how much to spend on controls to reduce such lapses.
The database would substantially improve the university's efficiency and reduce their budget in the long run.

Closed case statistics form a major component of the program activity data collected by LSC, and are a critical measure of the impact of federal funding on the legal problems of people living in poverty.
The LSC collect program activity data personally with their own funds.

Prospect adds that the best sociological research is coming from independent think tanks and corporations, not from universities.
The most credible research comes from independent think tanks.

you know indebted or nearly underneath uh the debt that we have
We've always been in heavy debt.

If traditionalists sometimes sound bitter, it should not be something at which to  From being called all sorts of unpleasant names, to overt discrimination, public humiliation, and ostracism, traditional Catholics have every reason to distrust and dislike the Vatican II apparatus.
Catholics might be bitter about something unrelated to their being ostracized.

whether senior managers fostered good working relations among the sponsor, acquisition manager (program manager), other top managers, the technical offices, and the contracting community.
It's considered ideal for senior managers to have good relationships with sponsors.

how about how about where you
What about where you were that evening?

We have said that viewpoint-based funding decisions can be sustained in instances in which the government is itself the speaker, see Board of Regents of Univ.
The government can sustain the funding right now.

You saw us together yesterday.
We were seen together the day before yesterday.

 Then they passed over a town, flying low.
They passed over the town flying much lower than they should have.

As a former track wannabe and somebody with several postgraduate degrees, I took exception to this egregious statement in the May 21 Today's 
I took offense with the statement as a former runner, but it did not apply to me. 

In Oniyama Jigoku ( Devil's Mountain Hell ), a hundred crocodiles enjoy a hot soak.
Oniyama Jigoku is a dangerous place to travel due to the wild life.

We have become a nation of investors, and boards need to focus attention on the fact that there has been a shift from shareholders not only being individual investors but also institutional investors, such as pension plans and mutual funds, which are acting as fiduciaries for others.
We are now a nation of investors that must act in a moral way.

She scowled, and nodded.
She was not thrilled with the idea. 

21 This analysis is based on the data set of 13,212 usable residential routes22 and 476,953 stops.
80 percent of the usable residential routes go near schools and major shopping areas.

yes yes i'm one of the ones that had my salary frozen for ninety one yes
It was frozen for over ninety-one days.

Queens and royal children were buried in a valley separate from their fathers and husbands.
Only children below the age of 12 were buried with the Queens. 

that sort of stuff and dancing
That sort of stuff, also dancing to techno

There isn't, even though polling for the HRC (jointly conducted by Democrat Celinda Lake and the conservative Republican Tarrance Group) shows that 80 percent of Americans think homosexuals should have equal rights in terms of job opportunities.
The number of people supporting equal rights for gay men is increasing.

Sailboats of various sizes are offered for rent around the island.
The fees charged for the rental of a sailboat on the island are very low. 

This all-purpose Republican frame posits that the Senate is Clinton's jury and should behave accordingly.
Republicans are blaming the Senate for how hillary is acting

As an independent regulatory agency, the Commission is not subject to Title II of the Unfunded Mandates Reform Act of 1995.
The Commission is subject to a slew of other Acts.

is almost always wrong--but it's not far off.
You can usually tell how far off it is.

The merchandise processing fee is primarily an ad valorem charge on formal merchandise entries into the United States (at 0.19 percent) subject to a maximum and minimum charge.
The merchandise processing fee is very unfair. 

well i've never let's see i think i have too been to Pennsylvania Gettysburg
i just remembered going to pennsylvania when i was a kid

well that's great you too and uh have a good day
That is lovely that you talked with me, had a lovely time.

Plants, trees, and native birds are complemented by rivers and streams teaming with fish and turtles.
There are over 10 species of birds present.

It misleads the American people, and it will disserve him if he does run for president.
He should change how he speaks to Americans about the truth if he wants to run for president.

Sheldon Roodman, LAF executive director since 1976, said the foundation has an annual budget of about $12 million.
The foundation's budget increases every year by $1 million.

Methods of assessing the reliability of observations, techniques for transforming very large amounts of qualitative data, and methods for aggregating qualitative data or findings from several sites have been developed.
The development in Methods of assessing the reliability of observations, techniques for transforming very large amounts of qualitative data, and methods for aggregating qualitative data or findings from several sites didn't take long to begin. 

The grief fell upon him and he wept even more.
The grief of his dead daughter fell upon him heavily. 

multiethnic, democratic societies.
Democratic societies in Europe with more than one ethnicity.

my street uh is kind of in between there are a couple of uh neighbors who are are really good about planting flowers and trees
My neighbors planted six flowerbeds in the sidewalk.

His clothes were mostly coloured white; I wondered how he managed to keep them clean.
I couldn't believe someone could have white clothes in the desert.

i i don't either it's a really delicate uh moral issue because if if you have well i guess the one thing i do see that is is that needs to be a solution is that if you do let people into the country i do feel you have a certain obligation
It's a complex issue so we'll keep debating it to get it figured out.

But Tuppence shook her head.
But Tuppence disagreed and explained her reasoning.

The quarter also includes France's two most prestigious high schools, the Lycees Henri IV and Louis le Grand, training grounds for France's future elite.
The only people that attent Lycees Henri IV and Louis le Grand are those destined to become politicians and CEOs.

yeah really is they've cleaned it up a lot though i mean i don't think we'll get in trouble doing that
Doing that is not safe, but it won't get us in trouble.

The renovated Maxim Hotel offers good-quality, comfortable facilities, including several reasonably-priced suites, which are handy for families.
The Maxim Hotel was renovated just last year.

In 1999, the electric power industry was responsible for 67 percent of sulfur dioxide emissions, 25 percent of nitrogen oxide emissions, and 37 percent of mercury emissions in the United States.
The electric power industry causes most of the pollution.

yeah is that supposed to be something like that one
That one was very beautiful.

that dust yeah  not fun to be in but i haven't seen any like that in probably five or ten years
That dust from that sand storm was no fun at all but it was spectacular to see.

Many also wish to be spared any guilt that might arise on that account--which is why Clinton and Blair are on to such a good thing with, We'd love to do that, but it's no longer feasible.
Clinton and Blair are feeling very guilty about the whole thing.

United against him was a collection of republicans, liberals, socialists, communists, and anarchists.
The politicians devised a plan to try to bring him down.

Consider the Time Warner licensing deal, which will generate as much as $10 million a year for the King estate.
The Time Warner deal is the best thing that has happened to the King estate in years.

and i think that uh it's getting so darned expensive now i went to a school in Maine Bowden College in Brunswick Maine and uh it's a a small at that time all male school there are more uh uh males uh men's schools than women's schools in those days they're all all the old New England traditional schools are now coed
It was not as expensive to go to school when I was in college.

uh well they say that from that space needle up in Toronto you can see the lights of Rochester on a clear night
You can see Rochester from Toronto sometimes but it's usually too cloudy.

'Well, except for George III.
George III was a great king.

Separating the marina from the ocean is the Balboa Peninsula.
The ocean near the Balboa Peninsula was filled with trash.

The challenge for the community for lawyers to have outreach in ways that are effective and reach those clients.
Lawyers often get referrals from people in jail.

when we first got married we you know went and got all the credit cards and
When we first married, we did not know how to run a household.

She will not be teaching at Rutgers this fall.
She has declined their offer and is moving over to Oxford for a research position.

The woman who wants an abortion says it's her uterus, not Pat Robertson's.
Pat Robertson does not have a uterus.

and and while you're eating your meal and usually their food is good too they they bring out six different kinds of beer that they brewed on the premises and you just test it's like uh beer tasting thing while you're eating your meal and it's really neat
they let you drink as much of the beer as you want during dinner

You're sure to slip up sooner or later.
You'll make a mistake drawing at some point.

well i had cabin fever really bad so i loaded up the car and took off and i got up there and got camped or got got my camp setup
I have made many spontaneous camping trips and cabin fever is one of the reasons. 

Monitoring performance, over time, is critical to program management and oversight.
If one doesn't manage performance there will be a lot of oversights. 

The grounds and pools are very beautiful, and the facilities also include a fitness centre.
The resort has a fitness center that has a lap pool.

Lawrence would say no more, so I decided that I would descend from my high horse, and once more seek out Poirot at Leastways Cottage. 
Lawrence would say no more because he was hiding something.

The article as now published reflects the corrections.
The editor corrected the article before publishing it.

uh late fifties yeah
Specifically in 1958.

In 1974, Congress enacted the Legal Services Corporation Act, 88 Stat.
The act has not been strictly followed since implementation.

They could do their duties and their memories were complete, but they were lacking some essential thing that had gone out of them before they were brought here.
They had no idea that they were lacking something essential.

He set about forming a ruling body, and sent scholars and artists out into the countryside to explore and record its ancient treasures thus sparking the great interest in Egyptology among scholars in France and the rest of Western Europe.
He wanted to make sure the Egyptian knowledge was available to France.

A postal service that is below breakeven will be less attractive to cream skimmers than otherwise.
Everyone else but cream skimmers is attracted to a postal service below breakeven. 

asks Burton, cupping his ear.
His ear was in some pain after the sonic boom.

However, Athenian involvement provoked the Persian king Darius to invade the Greek mainland.
The Persian invasion of the Greek mainland was unsuccessful.

yeah the way people talk about uh there's not that it won't be as good as the NFL because uh there's not that many good or quality football players i can't believe that
I think the people who say it won't be as good are wrong.

He has pledged $200 million for homeless dogs and cats.
He has pledged $200 million to give animal shelters more assistance in finding homes for dogs and cats.

yes yes it is down in uh more southern and and western areas and of course we're um about two hours from the northern border straight south and
It's pretty hot down in the southern areas.

It is not easy to predict which post offices would be closed.
They are basing the post office on the basis of who's there rather than who would be the best at the job.

By contrast, Mundell's writings since the early '70s have been discursive, one might almost say rambling, and often reveal a sort of hankering for the lost certainties of the gold standard.
Mundell has been writing since he was thirty-five.

OPM amended regulations that change the way agencies evaluate the members of the Senior Executive Service (SES).
OPM is famous for amending things without prior warning.

and uh but if you know if you start
If you start, then you'll know.

It is a name most respectable most common.
There are other names people respect.

Surely home buyers are well aware that they're sacrificing mobility.
Home buyers are sad that they sacrifice mobility.

Why don't you refresh your recollection for a while, and we'll talk when I'm back.
I know you didn't really forget, so I'll give you some time to decide to talk to me.

What time is it? 
I don't know what time is it, said the man at the bus stop.

There were stands grilling legs of swine and oxen bellies over beds of charcoal.
People were grilling meat and serving it.

For the time being they were baffled, and could do nothing.
They didn't have enough information to assist.

i think i do too
I think I have an idea, too.

This is a spectacular laser-assisted special-effects underwater adventure.
The special effects can cause headaches for those with epilepsy or migraines.

Power generation emissions of SOx and NOx for each of the scenarios is presented in The Clear Skies  Technical Support Package.
Levels of NOx were found to be more dangerous than SOx.

yeah yeah lots of them lots of them and uh i have this one in front of me right now as a matter of fact it's called Sundays at the Moosewood Restaurant and uh it's out of New York it's a pretty famous restaurant out of New York and almost every single recipe in there is um vegetarian there are some fish recipes i think in it but a few of those but not anything
The Moosewood Restaurant is based out of New York and I go every time I get a chance.

Pull up, George.
The car needed to be moved a bit further into the driveway.

You know, I suppose, how worlds of probability would separate and diverge as time goes on?
This process mystifies many. 

The climate correspondingly varies from the snowy northern tip of Hokkaido, which offers excellent skiing, to the subtropical region of southern Kyushu and Okinawa, with its popular coral reefs.
People like scuba diving in the coral reefs neer Kyushu.

that that or any side arm whether it be a blade or whether it be a handgun or whatever
Handguns are the best for self defense.

i have a girlfriend who has one that her husband doesn't know she has now uh she must rent a p post office box or something or i mean she couldn't beat him to the mail every month i wouldn't think
My girlfriend rents a post office box to receive mail that she doesn't want her husband to see.

He trusted Jon but had no idea what happened in the man's mind.
He trusted and liked Jon but he wasn't sure what was going on in his head.

No footin' it.
The young men could not make it by foot.

He listened for any sign of detection, a cry of alarm or a shout of new orders, but nothing came.
He listened for a noise from someone sounding an alert but there was nothing.

We know all that can be known of the subsequent 77 happenings. 
We have video of the prison escape.

I don't want you to show them.
I would prefer if someone else showed them.

National Saving
The nation's saving levels are acceptable to most people

Cattle, however, enjoy the powerful protection in Washington, D.C., of the nation's ranchers, who gave millions in the last election cycle.
Congress protects cattle because of the contributions from the nation's ranchers.

An even more famous death occurred at the nearby Piazza del Biscione, more precisely the restaurant Da Pancrazio, whose cellar shelters ruins of Pompeii's Theater where Julius Caesar was assassinated.
The spot where Caesar died is a popular sightseeing destination.

I'll be there, sir.
Sir, I would never let you down.

Today's decision is quite simply inexplicable on the basis of our prior law.
The previous law holds the main authority.

uh but i did like to walk and my neighbor and i get out we'd walk and walk and uh unfortunately we haven't done it well i've been in class until it's like seven thirty at night and she having is having a flare up of arthritis and we haven't done it for in about a month
I liked to walk and so did my neighbor so we were walking together until her doctor told her to take a break.

Don't they know Karen Carpenter is dead?
They don't know Karen carpenter has died.

it's fun for them we take the long route go up Alma and across the back way come in the parking lot
The long route has beautiful trees along the way.

'Really?'
Do you mean that?

that's funny well that's good well i think we kept it at real good
It would've been disastrous if we gave up.

At the time, only Canada, thanks to its giant neighbor, lived in anything like the world he envisaged; today we all do.
Canada was very lucky to live in such a world before us.

On the corner of Liffey Street is the sculpture locally known as the hags with the bags. 
The sculpture is a popular landmark and meeting spot.

And that?
And the one you're holding?

The students at Yale came from all different backgrounds and all parts of the country.
Yale contains people from all over the world. 

oh okay so it's just another job uh it must be especially frustrating because even your rights in there  are
It must be frustrating, but the pay is worth it. 

Its most famous exhibits are the wonderful 15th-century tapestries, including the Lady with the Unicorn.
15th century tapestries are some of the most famous in the world.

like to talk about a patent kind of thing and the they're engineers that they're talking too they dress kind of like how the engineers are dressed and they're usually casual
The engineers are very professional, despite their casual clothes.

and of course uh then they came to the big city as teenagers and that the time with them wasn't as much as it was when they were out there in the small
The city offered them so many new things to do outside the home.

When he died in 1624, he bequeathed his fortune to the education and upkeep of orphans, and the school was subsequently built for this purpose.
He left his fortune to orphans because he had been an orphan himself.

The Explorer struggled to keep his self-control.
The Explorer wanted very badly to yell and scream.

He swung toward Dave, raising the knife into striking position and aiming it at Dave's heart.
He appeared poised to kill, but actually only intended to threaten. 

Critics applaud performances by Rip Torn ( The Larry Sanders Show ) and Shirley Knight as a middle-aged Houston couple mourning their son's  They get all the small regional footnotes of gesture and inflection just right.
Critics enjoyed writing out regional footnotes for the adored film.

it's costing us a lot more than money isn't it
It has required us to commit a lot of our time to it.

like that orthopedist said to me he said don't worry Diane he says he said uh you're at thirty something but you're on the upper side he said that uh don't worry he says even if you weren't doing anything your body would start that would start to happen to you
the orthopedist told me that it's normal to start getting aches and pains at this age

I am absolutely serious, my friend.
I'm very serious about moving to a new village.

The decision by Barnes, the most improbable casualty of Election Day 2002, to go to work for legal aid was almost as unexpected as his November defeat.
Barnes' decision to go to work for legal aid was something he had been secretly considering for a long time.

A year ago, when News Quiz debuted, Slate was free.
Slate costs 4.99 USD monthly now, with an option for a 30 USD annual subscription.

The movie's lone masterful sequence is the one that features a batch of blank, leggy dolls, along with people whose faces are hidden behind expressive masks.
The movie has lots of creepy dolls in it.

Rivara and colleagues in a survey of insurance commissioners found that 26 of 31 respondents indicated that intoxication at the time of injury allowed for exclusion of coverage.
Intoxication usually isn't covered because if it was, insurance commissioners would be taking a risk.

Her second blade locked cross guards with a Stick broadsword.
She fought the guards with both swords.

He doesn't seem to think the Chinese reliance on Western markets, say, or Hong Kong's thirst for Western capital, can help keep trans-Pacific relations smooth.
He thinks that there will still end up being volatility in trans-Pacific market trade.

After relying exclusively on overseas trade, Venice created a new land-owning aristocracy through this expansion.
Without trade, the development of the land-owning aristocracy would have been impossible.

Winter breathed across the land now with the coming of dark.
Storms rolled over the dark skies.

so i got out of that and got back into the Master's and then decided well paralegal is really the nuts and bolts of the law and that's what i really like yeah
I decided to be a paralegal because law school took too long.

Truth is his company's Unique Selling Proposition, its market niche, its core competency, its brand value.
He considered his USP a slightly more important matter to think about than his niche.

There is no representation of the Buddha in this early era.
Buddha's representation came much later.

and that's you know that's the two of us having unlimited unlimited French fries
The unlimited french fries option is a good deal.

'We ought to be.'
We ought to be the champions. 

We intend to do more work on the implications of downsizing and of the government's human capital approach generally.
We found that the implications of downsizing are bigger than we thought. 

this industry.
The industry needs help 

well well when are the Rangers going to come through with it
The Rangers are struggling currently.

i don't think no i don't want to go no where up north no where
I have been north before and it was extremely unpleasant.

They walked into the caves and Ca'daan lifted a lantern.
They entered the caves, not knowing the beast was sleeping inside. 

What follows is less a slide down a slippery slope than a professional avalanche that results in either a dismissal or a narrow escape to the next dream job, where, of course, the cycle repeats yet again.
The cycle repeats itself at the next job when a bad CEO moves on to a new company.

Dell's financial health is completely wrapped up with the company he started and still owns.
Because of its origins, the company he started supports Dell's financial health.

Jim Hart was playing Terry Metcalf was on the Cardinals this was a long time ago
Tery Metcalf wasn't an original member of the Cardinals

The castle dates back to Roman and perhaps even Carthaginian times.
Experts are uncertain when the castle was built, with most suggesting Roman times, but a few suggest Carthaginian.

They will have less patience for optimistic talk about synergy and the marriage of content with distribution.
They have become less optimistic about synergy and the marriage of content with distribution because of a failed attempt at synergy.

i don't think uh i don't think the the uh problem about drugs is going to be safe any time soon i mean you know it it i think it pretty much got sidetracked with uh with the Panama and and with the Central Central you know Middle East problems things that that are important take precedent precedence over the drugs i think i think i think the big thing is trying to stop here on the home front and before you know it it'll take a little bit of time before they'll realize that this is failing so they're going to have to go to the source
The drug problems are not as important as the Middle East.

you going to have kids in the future
Will you have two kids in the future?

well the changes that's occurred like it how was it maybe ten twenty thirty years ago as opposed to what it is today
The changes were challenging but had a positive impact.

The tomb was abandoned when Amenophis abandoned Thebes and made a new capital at Tell el-Amarna to the north.
Thebes was too small to be the capital for Amenophis.  

It may not be efficient for EPA to make these choices in rulemaking.
The EPs needs to make rules 

As far back as the 13th century, when Paris's first university moved from the cloisters of Notre-Dame to the Left Bank, the young came to the quartier to learn Latin.
The young were forced to learn Latin in the 13th century.

The valuation of Work Loss Days presented in our national benefits summaries, however, incorporates county-specific adjustment factors to account for variations in regional income.
The Work Loss Days will appear to be inflated at first glance.

Drew said there would then be an entire week to write off Forbes between the Iowa caucus and New Hampshire.
Drew neglected to mention the role of disgruntled campaign volunteers in leaking stories about Forbes to the press.

Ca'daan and the woman walked back to the others.
Ca'daan had a crush on the lady.

(The New York Times Magazine wrote a nearly identical piece two months ago.)
The New York Times is known for copying people's new articles.

The Chinese, especially those identifying with Mao Tse Tung's combat against the Japanese, were at first massacred in the thousands, but later courted as middlemen for Japanese-run business operations.
Some of the Chinese were massacred by being hanged.

For one, a ramshackle Benjamin Franklin Museum had sprung out of nowhere.
It was a weird place to have a museum.

I'm glad you like the plan." He rose.
He stood tall after responding to the responder. 

yeah it would yeah no not at all you know the wheels of justice grind slowly
More often than not, I can say that justice does happen with time.

How uninspired is the surgical selfishness of leaner noses and plumper bosoms.
Leaner noses and plumper bosoms are popular.

You must be 18 or over and have a clean driving licence.
The only requirements are that you are over 18 and have a clean driving license. 

At Buy Buy Baby, the suburban Washington store with which I'm most familiar, the Wall of Death rises 16 feet into the air and stretches 10 feet wide, and every inch of the wall is covered with child safety products, some of which are absolutely useless and most of which I have bought.
I am not familiar with many suburban Washington stores.

After all, it's not till the discovery that the stock price falls.
The discovery spreads so quickly that the stock price falls within the first five minutes after it's published.

Comart said a new video-conferencing feature allows those at domestic violence shelters to get legal help without going to court.
Wait time for legal help has been reduced by the new video conferencing system. 

Why, the fact that Bauerstein demanded a post-mortem. 
He was expecting to conduct the examination himself. 

The Department of Agriculture classified this rule as a major rule pursuant to section 304 of the Federal Crop Insurance Reform and Department of Agriculture Reorganization Act of 1994 since it had an annual economic impact on the economy of at least $100 million and it also affected human health and safety or the environment.
The department of agriculture employs many different people from many different communities.

Very well, sir.
Ok, I'll do it.

Tell me ”you see now that he must not be arrested?
You see how important it is that you aren't taken to jail?"

The summer season is also marked by an influx of backpackers and package vacationers from all acroseEurope.
The winter period sees few tourists come to the area.

Starting in the 1960s, the phone replaced door-to-door polling as the preferred means of taking the nation's pulse.
The phone replaced the face to face interaction with polling in the US.

But they didn't make that case, at least to me.
They didn't prove to me that they were innocent.

and i grew a thirty four and a half pound watermelon yeah absolutely tasteless had no taste whatsoever uh-huh
I grew a large watermelon that was absolutely tasteless but the kids loved it.

Particulate Air Pollution and Chronic Respiratory Disease Environmental Research 62: 7-13.
 Particulate Air Pollution and Chronic Respiratory Disease Environmental is a research from the NYU university.

The slave girls I used to bed now fed me bread-ale and chewed meat and wiped drool from my useless lips.
The slaves took care of their master. 

  Training and tools are provided to facilitate and accelerate the pace of change initiatives.
The training and tools are available online for free.

I'd shore like to keep th' barkeep busier than a beaver buildin' hisself a new dam.
The barkeep is often bored, with nothing to do. 

well do you keep up with the statistical stuff
Do you study the statistical patterns to make predictions? 

Do you think even one pro athlete who didn't wear his seat belt yesterday wore it today?
An athlete definitely wore his seat belt today.

well i watch channel five but that has to be that's another bias that has to do with the weather reporting i'm not sure that actually i think channel eight is probably but i know Dave Fox he goes to our church so
Some of the people at our church don't like Dave Fox, and I feel bad for him.

Then his pathetic self-loathing might have been exorcised.
His constant self-hatred could have been excised, but instead was made worse.

The Roman capital was also located in this region.
A majority of Romans actually lived outside of this region.

Kinship with a man like Hunt Rennie, however the legendary Don Cazar, owner of a matchless range and prize stallions was not a claim to be made quickly or lightly.
No one who has suggested Kinship with Rennie has survived. 

Unreliable generally.
Not always there on time, generally.

However, in these conversations, the Vice Presidentas representatives have focused entirely on their view that GAO lacks authority to conduct this review, rather than on reaching an accommodation.
The GAO has also indicated that it is unwilling to compromise.

The organizations used a variety of mechanisms to ensure effective and timely communication among members and with the professional and administrative staffs that some of the organizations had established.
These members needed these mechanisms, as they were operating with minimum efficiency. 

None of the others complained.
None of the others complained about the rain.

The few people on the streets looked up and made threatening gestures, but there was no flight of arrows from the ground.
Some people on the streets did not bother to look up.

We had reached the exact centre of the train- the Dining Cart.
Centre of the train was a big place.

It's not half so insane as a thing I read this morning beginning 'Petunia'  
What you're saying isn't half as crazy as something I read earlier.

Uncle, believe me.
My uncle needed to believe me about the body we found. 

A designbuild acquisition, in contrast, will use the
In contrast, said the designer, a designbuild acquisition will use the

Two pillars surviving from the Greek Temple of Apollo stand like a gateway, but the Spanish era has given it a charming 17th-century ambience of Baroque houses with iron balconies supported by floral carvings and an occasional stone nymph.
The Spanish destroyed all but two of the pillars of the Temple of Apollo.

The TGV goes to Montbard, Dijon, and Beaune.
The TGV also stops at two other cities.

Maybe Norman, but not Thomas or Philip or William or John, as far as I can tell), Sarah Jessica Parker, Pierce Brosnan, Todd Solondz, Paul Newman, Kevin Bacon, Kyra Sedgewick, etc.
Norman is the chosen one, that's simply all there is to it.

In addition to the visibility change variable, the estimating equation also included household income as an explanatory variable.
There are too many variables at play. 

The Ponte Santa Trinita, destroyed in 1944, has been rebuilt with the original 16th-century masonry scooped from the bottom of the river, including statues of the Four Seasons.
The Ponte Santa Trinita was destroyed by Allied troops.

There's been no Apache sign down there, and Running Fox will accompany you only not so openly as to be noticed.
You must stay in the shadows and travel at night to avoid being noticed.

However, the preambles to the final rules do discuss additional flexibility and cost savings for small entities in several areas.
The preambles to the final rules are very brief.

A horse and carriage ride through the streets of Chania is a great treat and gives young children a good vantage point.
The horses like the cobbled streets in Chania.

People who should have known better found the ceremony moving.
People who should have known better about the couple being wed still found the wedding moving.

The audits conducted by the General Accounting Office (GAO) and reported in June 1999, confirmed the Inspector General's findings as to the factors causing systemic errors in grantee case reporting.
There was corruption in the grantee case reporting that was found.

It adjoins the Chancery (Cancelleria) where Niccole Macchiavelli served as secretary to the Florentine Republic.
Niccole Macchiavelli was a secretary for the Florentine Republic for only five years.

 Scuba-diving schools operate on Ibiza and Formentera, though the locations tend to change from year to year.
The schools move to wherever their services are most in demand.

professional training organizations to offer on-campus training at very
There will now be many places to get training.

But one doesn't have to be old to appreciate that.
Old people appreciate that. 

Table 4-2 summarizes estimated injection rates for a 500 MWe boiler under various scenarios.
Table 4-2 also describes the variation and effect of speed of injection rate changes.

yeah when i lived in California they had uh what i describe as boring weather it was the same virtually year-round which what i thought was great you didn't have to worry about tornadoes you didn't have to worry about uh too cold or too hot it was just nice and even and i liked that it was it was nice
There has never been a tornado in California

The falls are surrounded by native forests and tropical flowers, but an area of grassy lawn has been created for sunbathing and picnicking.
There are many times when one would be tempted to jump into the water.

But the bourgeoisie, fearing both the royalists and their foreign backers, turned for salvation to a Corsican soldier triumphantly campaigning against the Rev?­o?­lution's foreign enemies ' Napoleon Bonaparte.
The soldier's campaign resulted in victory.

She had them all fitted with little neural clamps; flashing blue and green lights, stapled to each rodent cranium.
The lights had to be blue and green. 

However, subsequent government supervision of these unions has reduced mob involvement.
The government people supervising the city threatened to kill the mobsters. 

Therefore, board members must also be willing to educate themselves about the company and the risks it faces rather than relying on a checklist mentality of corporate governance requirements issued by the stock exchanges.
The board members must be of a certain age as well.

 Jon reloaded as Vrenna slipped into the alcove.
They were trying to hide from the man.

For example, GAO may decide not to transmit a draft report electronically and instead provide limited printed copies of the draft to the agency.
GAO has to decide if they want to submit the report via e-mail..

Our phones ring off the hook now.
We have a huge demand right now from the poor

In collections that include important works by Giovanni Bellini, Mantegna, Titian, Correggio, and Tintoretto, pride of place and a room to itself goes to Michelangelo's last work, the unfinished Rondanini Piet?  (1564).
The artwork valued at over $100 million in total.

The Balearics, further neglected, were beset with poverty and outbreaks of disease.
In the Balearics the people were suffering from famine.

Orr was roughly twice as big as Louisian, and twice again as poor.
Louisian made more money.

We have created you, Dave Hanson.
He was our greatest creation yet.

Montana lets judges order castration after just one offense.
One offense of rape is enough for Montana to pass castration judgments.

At the northern end of the park stands the lone structure preserved since 1945: the former Hirosema Prefectural Industrial Promotion Hall, now known as the A-Bomb Dome. 
The A-Bomb Dome is the last stop of the park.

And in some very basic sense, what KKR has done best is get managers to take other people's seriously.
KKR has always been able to support people and make the workplace a healthier environment. 

The instinct of the populace is infallible." He paused, and then repeated, as though the phrase pleased him: "Every revolution has had its honest men.
There will be a revolution of the populace.

Nor anyone else in the house? Annie reflected. 
No one else in the building except the old man? Annie pondered.

right yeah see the winter season's just not that long to to invest a whole lot of money in in uh
Winter isn't long enough, summer is a much better time to invest in the beer market. 

yeah see that's one of my biggest gripes about Texoma as many times as we would go up there it's it's so rough
We enjoy seeing the scenery on the drive up to Texoma.

yeah i know it's i i i i don't understand where the priority is it's uh like in Atlanta they have um they have mandatory catalytic converter inspections
It feels like everyone has the wrong priorities compared to Atlanta. 

The ethics cops who patrol newspaper and magazine newsrooms can't control the rumors and unsubstantiated stories that people post to the Web.
There are other people who can control unsubstantiated rumors on the internet.

By his middle 20s, he knew that he suffered from tuberculosis, and he coughed blood increasingly as the years went on.
He had a history of tuberculosis in his family.

An article applauds a new commercial artificial-vision system.
An article on TMZ applauds a new vision system.

This elegant three-story brick palace has been specifically renovated to house one of the largest known private collections of ancient and modern paintings, the property of the German industrialist Baron von Thyssen-Bornemizsa.
The elegant three-story brick palace is bigger than the queen's palace.

As the British Protestant guardians of the tomb modestly inform you on a free guided tour, there is much evidence that this, rather than the Church of the Holy Sepulchre, is the place where Jesus was crucified and buried.
The British Protestant guardians of the tomb have a long-standing rivalry with the Catholics at the Church of the Holy Sepulchre.

LATEST ACQUISITION COST - Includes all amounts, except interest, paid to a vendor to acquire an item.
The cost varied per item.

This idea is.
This idea is something absurd!

Microsoft may be right in claiming that it has done nothing wrong.
Microsoft has engaged in questionable behavior and is being probed. 

To reduce misunderstanding in cases where the objectives are particularly limited and broader objectives can be inferred, it may be necessary to state objectives that were not pursued.
It is better to state all objectives than only some.

There are no facilities here, so bring food and drink with you.
There used to be a restaurant and a supermarket here. 

The triumphant trio were the first to develop the appropriate defenses against the new firepower.
The trio was the first to draw on past experiences in order to outsmart their opponent.

These ratings include the following.
The ratings include multiple factors, some of which are not yet disclosed.

--Monica lacked the maturity to balk at the magazine's tasteless choice of props.
Monica was not mature, so she went along with the magazine's props.

With two 30-story towers, this is largest of Sheraton's four Waikiki beachfront hotels, with the most services and room options.
Sheraton plans on building another tower in Waikiki.

The changes in the facilities acquisition environment led FFC to conclude that a review of issues, practices, and methods related to the design phase of the acquisition process would be beneficial.
The FCC decided to overhaul the design phase.

but i uh what i did with my garden is i have a a two by six frame that's five by ten i have two of them sitting side by side
I added things to my garden.

and mine is pretty stable or much more stable i think probably than any of them but now i waited until i was thirty to get married and they all married at eighteen but uh
My friends all married at 18

If the board is not following best practices, it should report why it is not following these practices.
A failure to follow best practices isn't automatically grounds for discipline.

In 1988 the Dublin city millennium was marked by the restoration of many fine buildings and by new statues and monuments created by Irish artists (some of these works more successful than others).
The Dublin city millennium brought about wealth and prosperity as shown by the commissioning of many new monuments.

yeah and raising cats
yeah and raising 15 cats

no i like the team i really really like the Eagles a lot but uh Buddy Ryan  is not one of my favorite people so i wasn't too disappointed to see them lose
I really wish Buddy Ryan was on a different team.

Fuji pointed out that Kodak had a larger market share in some regions of Japan than in others, and that at different points in the last two decades Kodak's market share actually fluctuated quite sharply.
Kodak has many connections in Japan.

Try Simla, Darjeeling, Sikkim, and, much closer to Delhi, the Naini Tal region.
There are a lot of cities close to the region.

Executive Director Ralph Reed explained the Christian Coalition's strategy last spring in his manifesto, Active Faith . He called the approach surfing the mainstream.
Executive Director Ralph Reed explained the Christian Coalition's strategy last spring in his only manifesto to date.

For example, benefit cuts, depending on how they are structured, could leave those most reliant on Social Security with inadequate retirement income.
Most people agree that the right thing to do would be to structure the benefit cuts to avoid this outcome.

Multiple stories about it have appeared, for example, in major Czech newspapers.
American reporters have become interested in this story.

Possibly, if anything unforeseen had happened, she might get news of Tommy.
She had asked Tommy to let her know if anything fishy happened.

By the time Lisbon mounted a rescue mission, the pirates had long fled (though Montluc himself had been killed during the raid).
Montluc was the leader of the pirates and his death made them panic.

but um i don't know i've i
I haven't heard that.

To tour the center of the city, start your walk at the western end of the historic district, on the Place du Vieux-March??.
It takes about 2 hours of walking to cover the city.

Now, thanks to a new community courthouse that opened this week at the Carver Academy, she'll get her divorce with the help of Bexar County District Court judges and $300-an-hour-plus lawyers who are volunteering their services to bring free legal aid to poverty-stricken Bexar residents.
She got free help with her divorce from an abusive spouse.

A totally artificial and unnecessary addition to civilization.
Everyone agreed this was a waste and no value to civilization.

White House special counsel Lanny Davis said Clinton may have known three years ago that his friends were subsidizing Hubbell.
Davis and Clinton intentionally hid the fact that his friends were subsidizing Hubbell.

In addition, the agencies appraised senior executives' performance against their expectations for customer satisfaction and employee perspectives.
The agencies were very loyal to their customers

He strengthened central administration and abandoned an initially tolerant policy toward the Protestants.
He made central administration stronger, according to my history book.

There are over 60 tombs in the valley and some still yet to be discovered dating c.1490 1100 b.c. , but not all will be open on your visit.
While initially unavailable for visit, roughly 90% of the tombs will be available after a thorough evaluation.

The oldest part of the existing building, the central domed area, dates from 1120.
The rest of the building was added in about 1300.

Lively, young, buzzing atmosphere.
The atmosphere is very bustling starting very early.

While exact uniformity isn't expected or perhaps even possible when people are asked to recall a definition, the extreme variability illustrates that we could be talking about very different things in
Almost no one can recall a definition in exact uniformity.

Three km (2 miles) to the south, Nishat Bagh was laid out in 1633 by Asaf Khan, the brother of Jahangir's wife.
It took Asaf Khan two years to finish the layout of Nishat Bagh.

Jon ran his rapier through the horse's flank and into the man's groin.
The man who was stabbed by the rapier died. 

 "Nothing--nothing at all, damn it!" Hanson told him.
This is the band Hanson and they didn't do anything.

I open the book, read a little, then whoosh, all these thoughts about having sex start pouring in from everywhere.
I opened the book but then changed my mind, said the director.

Nye was in here 'bout five minutes ago.
Nye was here at 4:30.

That gets to you pretty quick.
The death of a parent immediately effects you. 

All student magicians take up the Medical Art for a time.
Some magicians choose to keep practicing the Medical Art, while others abandon it as soon as they can.

The profundity of an artist such as we won't see again for some time (Sarah Kaufman, the Washington Post ). Critics forgive his use of goofy gimmicks--he improvises a dance to his own heartbeat, which is amplified by a device affixed to his chest--focusing instead on the credibility he has given modern dance, having switched from classical ballet in midcareer.
Critics overlook his gimmicks and rate his modern dance favorably.

Political and religious boundaries were aggravated by occasional incidents of terrorism or sniping until the Six Day War in June 1967.
Incidents of terrorism became commonplace just before the Six Day War in June 1967.

Why does Miss Howard suppress the letter written on the 17th, and produce this faked one instead? 
Does Miss Howard create a fake letter because the original contains information that we aren't supposed to know?

It forms the resting places of many lesser members of the house of Mohammed Ali, and is where the last Shah of Iran was interred following his death in 1980.
27 members of Mohammed Ali's house were buried there, as well as 12 Iranian Shahs.

to socialize not really to learn and the parents send them there because they're supposed to and plus it gets them out of their hair and i also find that
The parents appreciate the break they get when they send their kids there.

Brochures in English, available without charge, describe the rocks and vegetation.
The brochures also explain the geological history of the region.

Though many lawyers provide such services, they are also being urged to write a check to a legal-services organization in lieu of the hours.
Lawyers will be notified by the legal-services organizations when their checks are processed.

Has deregulation worked?
Has deregulating the mine worked?

Alas, there is a semi-underground market--collectively called the bone trade--that trafficks in body parts imbued with historic significance or celebrity cachet.
There is a market for body parts that belonged to famous musicians.

The practitioner [auditor] shall perform an engagement only if he or she has reason to believe that the subject matter is capable of evaluation against criteria that are suitable and available to users.
The auditor will only perform an engagement if he thinks the evaluation will benefit the organization.

In 1948, the Irish republic severed its last ties to Britain.
The Irish republic no longer wanted to have ties with Britain due to Britain constantly raising taxes.

well that's makes sense though
It makes sense that she would be fired after stealing money. 

Not if they're from another planet."
They won't eat our food if they are from another planet.

not a thing
Not a boat.

well do you have separate trash cans at your desk
Do you use special trash cans for recycling?

yeah i don't care for that at all
I can't stand country music.

When this is not feasible because of payroll processing requirements to meet established paydays, T&amp;A data must be prepared and approved as close to the end of the pay period as possible to still allow processing of the payroll by payday.
There are payroll processing requirements that can cause delays,

and uh at the Promenade yeah and uh you know we we find those pretty good they're not uh it's not so far you know from when they were first run that you don't enjoy them
The promenade isn't far from where they first run them and they're really cheap

As you face the harmoniously asymmetrical western facade, the southern tower, the Clocher Vieux, is a prime example of Roman?­esque simplicity, whereas the taller northern tower, the Clocher Neuf, is already lighter, with its slender, more ornate steeple.
The western tower followed in the southern tower's footsteps and also was a good example of Romanesque simplicity.

Kells is good with horses, so you needn't worry.
Kells has decades of experience with horses, so don't worry.

In 1986, Congress passed the Immigration Reform and Control Act of 1986, which expressly authorized LSC recipients to provide legal assistance to H-2A workers and Special Agricultural Workers (SAWS).
The Senate opposed the introduction of the immigration act.

To sell.
It's hard to sell.

yeah the snowbirds were the
Sure, the snowbirds were moving to AZ.

But Buchanan deems it a legitimate war of containment that could have been won in half the time ...
The amount of time could have been decreased by using different methods.

In its first year, Bay Legal also successfully conducted a region-wide Campaign for Justice fundraising effort which brought in significant funds to all of its offices.
The funds were spent on a lavish office Christmas party.

Gail D'Onofrio noted that in this context, we use referral to mean sending a patient to a specialized treatment facility.
A specialized treatment facility usually refers to consultants specializing in a particular type of surgery.

Take the end of this string in your hand.
Do not let go of that end of string.

uh actually really really
Maybe might be could be

It is now the central laboratory of the Army Materiel Command.
The water lad is now the central lab of the Army division.

Oh, Just Give the Damn Answer
Oh just tell him the damn answer to the test.

everyone everyone i talk to they say you know it's real easy to say that
It's real easy to say that gangs aren't a problem if you don't live here.

The Celts were organized along a family- and clan-based system, and Celtic Ireland became a series of independent kingdoms.
The Celts felt strongly about family bonds.

The importance of Siena's 13th- and 14th-century school of art is best illustrated in the imposing Palazzo Buonsignori's National Art Gallery (Pinacoteca Nazionale).
A lot of money is paid to keep up the Palazzo Buonsignori's National Art Gallery.

yeah well i'd go there all five i mean how how old are the kids
are the children teenagers?

But none of these revelations improves the case that Hollywood Communism was a significant threat to democracy.
Not one of the revelations improves the fact that Hollywood Communism was a huge threat to democracy in the 1950's. 

is that it sometimes finds those answers too predictably.
The electronic dictionary is too predictable when returning the answers.

The feeling of the wire woven hilt in his hand reassured him.
His basket hilted weapon made him feel invulnerable.

Tun Abdul Razak took over the post as Prime Minister upon the retirement of Tunku Abdul Rahman in 1970.
Tunku Abdul Rahman was glad to see his preferred successor get the job.

I have ascertained that anyone in the household, with the exception of Mrs. Cavendish, who was playing tennis with you, could have personated Mr. Inglethorp on Monday evening. 
I beat Mrs. Cavendish at the tennis game.

it can it can be fun i if you have the time but you know a lot of times it's too it's too much of a rush really be able to enjoy it
Cooking is fun if you have the time.

The salamander in Dave's chest crept deeper and seemed to bleat at each cry of the monstrous thing beyond the door.
The salamander was afraid of the monstrous creature past the door.

We will see about it.
We'll see about it first thing tomorrow.

Then I got up as softly as I could, and felt in the dark along the left-hand wall.
The wall was wet. 

um-hum what is the yeah that and then you have well then you have the well no Mexicans they they don't take over too much they just they just make more money
Immigrants are stealing all of our jobs. 

We goad baseball player Albert Belle so much that All-Star-game manager Joe Torre must confine him to the dugout.
We goad the baseball player because he has a nice chin.

It also describes the small entities (radio manufacturers and suppliers of radio equipment) to which the proposed rule will apply.
Most radio equipment is used to broadcast music and talk radio.

Offer range to revise proposals.
The range is being offered for proposals and other studies.

Slate on Paper , e-mailed each Friday, is a text-only compilation of most of what Slate has published during the week.
Slate on Paper is a weekly synopsis of Slate that is sent before Saturday.

I'd started to breathe out again.
I felt very stressed out.

The Kleinman Award is named after former Texas Equal Access to Justice Foundation Chairman Harold F. Kleinman.
The award is presented by Harold Kleinman.

Would it be as unbearably sad if he drank espresso or enjoyed a good bottle of wine?
Him drinking espresso wouldn't be terrible for his health.

The inanity of the experts and the dubious casting make these films about as erotic as ...
The books were better than the movies.

You can opt for a delightful, leisurely walk or a lengthy hike over well-marked paths, and climbers will find a miniature mountain range of sheer rock faces and cliffs.
Aside from going on a walk, you could also go for a swim in the river.

The training was structured to allow participants to subsequently train colleagues who did not attend the sessions.
The training allowed participants to train colleagues who weren't at the sessions because they were traveling for work.

Fifty km (30 miles) further south is the Temple of Edfu, the second biggest temple in Egypt, and one of the best-preserved.
The second largest temple in the world is the Temple of Edfu.  

But parole agents often waste time chasing the bad guys rather than helping the good.
Time is wasted when parole agents chase the bad guys instead of helping the good because their focus is solely on the bad guys.

Inoculating every child at $30 a dose would divert scarce resources from even better uses.
Giving a vaccine at $30 a dose would take too much money from other areas and more kids would die as a result.

yeah but just didn't it didn't it didn't cover it
It was up to the individual to pay for the cost on their own.

oh okay so so i mean it's like this this town probably has like two hundred and fifty thousand people and that's about it
I'm in a town with 250,000 people and I enjoy it.

We pursue state planning because we believe that our low-income clients deserve the highest quality service that can be made available to them despite our limited funding.
Low-income clients have found to be very happy with our services.

To provide GAO evaluators with basic information about the more commonly used methodologies, GAO's policy guidance includes documents such as methodology transfer papers and technical guidelines.
These GAO publications can be accessed at most public libraries.

In the end it was just White and me, alone in the candle-lit room.
White and I had longed to be alone together. 

People were pointing- parents and children in equal awe.
They were amazed by the fact that a 100lb guy was lifting a car.

If you missed the links in the article, you can click for a summary of Richard Nixon's transgressions, and for the full text of the articles of impeachment against him.
The links in the article contain different material than the links at the bottom of the article.

If anyone spoke to him he was quick to rebuff the overture.
He was a loner and was afraid of talking to people

In 1839, the governor of Singapore sent James Brooke (1803 1868) to promote trade links with the Sultan of Brunei.
The governor of Singapore trusted Brooke's diplomacy and knew he was the right man for the job.

The province of Brittany, as its natives will tell you, is a country apart, proud of its regional culture and guarding its seclusion from the rest of France.
Natives from Brittany try to preserve their regional culture from French influence.

The Board agreed that the fair value of stewardship property transferred to state and local governments need not be determined and reported.
The Board's last topic of the meeting was discussing stewardship property.

Shall we let bygones be bygones, eh? 
We have been fighting for ten years. 

And then, bon jour to our chances of catching him!"
His train leaves at midnight! 

Glorious Gardens
Impressive Gardens with a wide array of orchids.

just go in and say oh i want to be a juror i can spot a guilty person a mile away
I am sure they will consider your request to be a juror.

yeah yeah that in-fighting can really destroy a team and its ability to win
Counseling should be given to teams experiencing in-fighting.

right and through advertisements you know on TV uh because a TV contract is really where they rake in the money and
TV contracts are their biggest source of income.

well i tell you it's it's easy to do it's just uh like when i started calling you it was two twenty my time one twenty your time i guess
i called you to talk about dinner

Wait a minute.
Pause for just one minute.

Brewery Arts Centre, the home of community art in Kendal, offers classes, exhibitions, and performances, along with restaurants and coffee shops.
Brewery Arts Centre is focused on the art of brewing beer,

But there was nowhere else to go, so the pioneers were forced to pitch in and try to survive.
Many pioneers died in the process.

It's no use responding that the law itself protects privacy better than copyright protects a Spielberg movie.
The law says privacy is the most important.

Wealthy shipping families own large houses along the coast and in the hills, which are more verdant than those of other islands in the group, and its red soil contrasts with the dull earth of Mykonos or Paros.
The wealthiest families live closer to the water.  

uh-huh well i work at TI and they don't really have uh dress code so to speak there it's pretty lax about um you know we you can pretty much wear whatever you want to and i wear anything from jeans when i'm feeling really casual to uh suits and dresses when i'm meeting with a customer or i i teach training classes
I work at TI and they don't care what you wear so I wear jeans every day.

and many have not been tested yet
Less than half of the subjects have been tested. 

In those peaceful years, without threat of foreign invasion or civil war, there were no city ramparts.
Ramparts were not needed in the city because there was no fighting.

But when you represent a client in desperate need of service who may not have the required retainer - guess what?
When you represent a client that cannot meet the required retainer, you lose out. 

and uh you know she just brought the cat in because he wasn't feeling good   so that that was a kind of a surprise  at least at
The cat has experienced many illnesses in the past.

He nails the shot.
He nailed the shot as well as securing first place.

Copies of such products will be sent to the committees of jurisdiction and will be available to other interested parties and the public.
Copies of the products will be sent to the committees so people can see them on their websites.

yeah you probably use D base or something like that for your uh data entry stuff that your talking about
You use D base when you do data entry or things similar to it.

Accountability describes what we do, integrity describes how we do our work, and reliability describes how we want our work to be received.
When what we do is done badly, we want to be held accountable and be mentored.

A bit of curtain, and a yard of wallpaper was all I could command.
A bit of curtain and a yard of wallpaper was all I could find in the shade of blue I needed.

was that a pretty good movie
Last Tango in Paris was a pretty good movie.

Everyone seems content to fill up on cakes and pies.
Everyone seems happy filling up on sweets because dinner is late.

The within-sites data bases became less extensive as observation times were shortened.
The data bases became less extensive because observation times were shortened. 

Perhaps he was mistaken by what he saw.
Maybe he thought he saw a demon but actually it was a warrior.

Left unresolved, they can cost society far more than the expense of providing legal services to address them.
Prolong the problem and society will pay.

The answer was short and yet not discourteous.
The answer was short and to the point. 

What choices have we? asked Gauve.
Gauve asked his father about the choices he had. 

And the real argument that comes through is less about foreign policy aims--his arguments on behalf of Cold War intervention make that clear--than about a nativist vision of America, where foreigners aren't to be trusted, where the fates of Indians, blacks, and Jews don't count.
He remains steadfast in his convictions while still denying any accusations of him being 'racist.'

Even so, its abundant glory is immediately apprehended inside the stained glass, wrought iron, sculpture, and paintings are by a stable of many of Spain's greatest geniuses.
The stained glass shows a scene of the Last Supper.

Like James, most clients are elderly or female.
It is not known why there are so few male clients.

 "Naw, we figured it was Kitchell.
We assumed that Kitchell brought us food.

In 2002, 55 TIG awards were granted.
The number of awards increased.

and the shock on the system is is just too much so i have stuck to water aerobics basically you know the weightless thing and
Weightlifting is too much of a shock to the system for me.

Maryland is also unique in the depth and focus of the support that the civil legal assistance system receives from key institutions within the state.
Maryland has a better civil legal assistance program than most other states.

The operating permit modification process consists of preparation and submission of the application to the appropriate state or local regulatory agency.
If you don't submit to the proper local regulatory agency, you will be denied. 

you just do the minimum yeah
You could do more if you tried.

Immediately surrounding Rome, today's Lazio is the ancient province of Latium.
The old province of Latium, also known as Lazio, is a large, bustling city that surrounds Rome.

I'd advise you to make tracks for Russia right away.
I'd advice you to start laying down the road for Russia immediately.

The Big Shows
There are big shows with celebrity stars.

yeah some of the stories you read about cocaine that's like people try it one time and they're addicted my husband is a counselor and he works with mostly with adolescents
I heard the real accounts of teenage drug addicts from my counselor husband.

Where possible and appropriate, include the construction contractor, permitting agency staff, and independent specialists for value engineering and independent review.
Remember to include the contact details of the permitting agency staff.

And since 1995, Turkish troops have invaded northern Iraq three times to destroy PKK bases.
Each of these invasions, while roughly for the same objective, had different outcomes.

Life-without-parole inmates, for the entertainment of the public, sustain horrible injuries in often degrading events (e.g.
Life-without-parole inmates, for entertaining the public, end up with horrible injuries and degraded by the work we force them to do.

Oh, Tommy, not even a great-aunt?
The speaker laments that Tommy never knew of any family at all.

The woman looks brainless, an antique statue of Venus with no head.
The woman has a great figure otherwise.

Mister Kells, he keeps ledgers over in th' tack room.
Mister Kells keeps his journal in the bedroom.  

None seems comfortable with the notion of removing Clinton for sex-related misdeeds.
People don't want to take clinton out of projects because she's a woman

Check opening it is anyone's guess if the generously extended hours for the Jubilee Year 2000 will be kept in effect.
An extra two hours each day was added because of the Jubilee Year 2000.

Several studies have documented consumption changes not only in the intervention condition but also in the minimal intervention control groups.
Academic groups studied groups of primates under differing intervention conditions.

Around Hanson, the magicians cried out in shocked fear.
Hanson made the magicians scared and caused their reaction.

Traffic jams and ugly interchanges are annoying, but most people would gladly accept that annoyance in exchange for the freedom that comes with owning a car (and more to the point, being wealthy enough to afford one).
Traffic jams could be prevented by using proper alternative traffic flows.

People like the staff at the legal services programs in New Jersey, Maryland, Washington, Texas, Missouri, California, and Indiana who are actively and continuously engaged in reassessing their delivery practices and policies to meet emerging and unmet needs.
At least 6 states have legal services staff that are engaged in working productively.

um i have several outside shrubs that i maintain take care of
I have at least five shrubs in my front yard.

(For Maxwell's lyrics, click here.)
The lyrics were free to view.

Any of the several friendly little teahouses and coffee shops along the way make an ideal rest stop.
There are three teahouses and four coffee shops.

Although this approach seems reasonable, there is a potential for substantial overstatement or understatement because the amount of estimated domestic postage-based terminal dues calculated under this procedure represents 4 percent of total IC payments to FPAs and 14 percent of total DC payments.
The postage-based terminal dues are added to the IC, FPA, DC, and AO payments.

George Bush is the first guy in the line of fire who's had the guts to stand up and say, 'I'm not going to play by the old rules anymore,'  former GOP Chairman Haley Barbour boasted on television this weekend.
Bush was the first guy to say that he's not going to play by the old rules because they don't apply to him.

Chambers yeah he's the big guy yeah
Chambers has a lot of blocks every game.

But somewhere along the way, he may have absorbed Reagan's lesson that while Americans like to gather Facts, the power Facts have to settle important questions is vastly overrated.
He discussed Reagan's relationship with the American people with some of Reagan's advisors.

I have need of reflection. 
I need to reflect on what just happened.

yeah do you would you prefer all trials by a judge
Do you think there is an argument for both jury trial and trial by judge? 

Chatterbox will simply observe that the great American film epic derived from the Federal Register 's fine print has yet to be realized.
Chatterbox is famous for criticizing films.

The colossal monument was hewn out of the side of the mountain like a railway tunnel.
The architects of the monument built it thinking about the principles of railway tunnels.

This kind of story-telling was an important way to perpetuate legends for illiterate devotees, like comic books in stone.
This kind of story-telling was based on memorisation.

And imagine if, at that point, he had liquidated the company and instead deployed his capital elsewhere (by buying stock in AOL or something).
He considered liquidating the company and using his capital elsewhere.

other documents in various formats
These files formats includes .txt and .xml

so i think yeah i mean i'm not looking to to leave anything there may be a a certain amount and you know that's fine but uh uh you know to get that coverage and know that i'll get you know uh you know flown to wherever i need you know already i need to go i guess i haven't made any decisions like that i guess you know my family and father would do that but uh
The coverage is pretty affordable.

when i was growing up and i before before i was married i was teaching school and teaching down in Corpus Christi and i wanted to be able to at least change a flat tire
Instead of being a teacher, I always wanted to work on vehicles.

When did you first suspect John Cavendish? I asked, after a minute or two. 
John Cavendish was suspected of murder.

We admire perfectionist monomania in Internet tycoons, so why not in Martha?
Martha shows many traits that aren't being appreciated because she's a woman. 

The reasoning is that competitive pressure brings about productive efficiency, efficient price structures, product innovation, and the elimination of economic rents.
It's because the pressure makes things more efficient because it pressures employees to do well to keep their jobs.

Minuses and 
Math problems.

Newsweek says that we've entered slime time in the scandal, with no one safe from partisan smears.
Newsweek is the source for everything about the scandal.

uh-huh we have no which one is that
I'm not sure which one that is, but maybe you can look it up?

9 percent of First-Class Mail.
First class mail is a small amount 

Ammonia and urea are the reagents used along with a catalyst to remove NOX from the flue gas stream.
Ammonia works with a catalyst for a reaction that can cause damage.

She was chagrined at The Nation 's recent publication of a column by conservative education activist Ron Unz arguing that liberal education reform has been an unmitigated failure.
Liberal education reform has been an unmitigated failure.

and back east you all drive at fifty five don't you what's that oh okay um i say back east you all drive at fifty five don't you see out here in the west
In the East of the United States, some people drive at 55 mph.

I marvelled at Poirot's calm. 
Poirot noticed me marveling at his calm.

Poverty law agencies, too, have recently registered fewer hours of service to clients who most needed legal help.
Poverty law agencies are becoming more and more common.

There are five connecting corridors, two pits, and four rooms before the burial chamber is reached.
The two pits before the burial chamber were originally made as traps for thieves.

Finest collection of emeralds in the world.
She owned the most coveted collection of all sorts of gems. 

Federal IRM Training  A Guide for Federal CIOs, (Draft), Federal CIO Council, Education and Training Committee, January 1999
CIOs need a wide variety of training courses and equipment. 

yeah i just love the way it looks i could almost just watch the water we in fact we have gotten out on on trips before and just stopped and watched it because there was so much and if you were there i mean it was one time we were there and i guess it was late May so it was really your spring almost you know at even though it was it was really summer down here and and the i guess the creek the mountains were really starting to melt and the creek was just wild just running
I love how the water looks when the tide comes in.

In order to value the expected life years lost for COPD and non-COPD deaths, we need to construct estimates of the value of a statistical life year.
COPD deaths will cause the loss of 500,000 life years.

For populations over age 65, we then develop a VSLY from the age-adjusted base VSL of $2.
The VSLY is only for the male population over 65.

Further, Passaic charges that LSNJ is breaching a fiduciary duty owed to local programs by competing with them for money to fund its own programs.
LSNJ is the worst organization for employee benefits.

yeah yeah yeah it's just not it just doesn't seem right
It doesn't seem right to arrest someone for drugs.

 Khan El Khalili in Cairo is one of the oldest and most renowned bazaars in the Islamic world, and it is a veritable treasure-trove of shopping opportunities.
It is possible to buy clothes and shoes at the Khan El Khalili.

The admonition, You become what you behold, has yielded to You become what you belittle.
A lot of people agree that people become what they belittle.

Not until fiddlesticks! The snort Miss Howard gave was truly magnificent. 
She thought we were quite mad.

workers who now receive little tax benefit from existing retirement saving incentives.
Retirement saving incentives do little to help the workers.

He was going to find out what gives, but he never came back.
He was gone for several hours before we gave up.

He does that here, too, but with a somewhat milder  I think what I think, and the hell with the rest of it, the rest of you; you don't actually exist for me anyway--you're all myths in my head.
He believes that they are all myths in my head.

It was here that the emperor signed the edict abolishing the shogunate and sent his carpenters round the castle to replace the Tokugawa hollyhock crest with the imperial chrysanthemum.
The crest needed replacing as it had burned down in a small fire.

oh absolutely that's that's right
Your previous statement is also absolutely true.

Things could go poorly in these caves.
These caves might collapse while we're in them.

i think for a dinner party i i don't know it depends like if like
The vegetables should be fine for a dinner party.

But if your options are more flexible, the most enjoyable (though equally crowded) months are May, June, September, and October especially for Rome, Venice, and Tuscany.
Even if your options aren't flexible, other months are almost nearly as enjoyable.

The net result is not only far more transactions at much lower costs but also a sharp increase in market participation, thanks to the price discrimination seen over time.
The overall result has exceeded expectation.

yeah well kids nowadays they want to start out with a
It's because kids these days are so much more selfish than they used to be.

Now, hissed Julius.
Julius was angry and needed it now because their lives depended on it.

The reason for delineating these various types is to emphasize that if the advocacy of offering the discounts is to be analyzed, all of the dimensions need to be considered.
Delineating those types is to emphasize that all dimensions should be considered is crucial for government organizations.

For the visitor, the most interesting observances are the modest old standbys generally the saint's day of a  sombre religious processions, often held by candle-light, folk music, a rash of quaint costumes.
The religious processions are held by the Catholic faithful.

He'd been vaguely worried about the apparent change in Ser Perth, who'd turned from a serious and helpful doctor into a supercilious, high-handed fop.
Ser Perth was coming down with an illness that was causing insanity.

Construction of the Catedral de Santa Maraa (on the site of a mosque) began in 1394.
In 1394 the Catedral de Santa Maara was constructed but it took a long time to be finished.

They carried ten times their considerable weight in water and needed water only once every two weeks.
They carried thirty pounds of water.

Anse broke the too long silence.
Anse broke the awkward silence with a cough.

yeah it does considering that you know you uh house payments are not a whole lot more than that
House payments aren't too bad. 

The Texas Equal Access to Justice Foundation announced that the Fort Worth-based nonprofit groups will receive grants from funds it controls, including the Interest on Lawyers' Trust Accounts, or IOLTA, program.
The Texas Equal Access to Justice Foundation was founded in 1999.

Today, you can rent small rowing boats here.
Today only and for ten dollars, you can use the boats.

For tourists at hotels and for cruise ship passengers, there are also guided group excursions to mayor attractions by minibus or boat.
The minibus rides are a bit expensive but very much worth it.

To the common man, wars were just another hardship, taking sons away from the farm to fight, while the armies ' French as much as foreign ' ravaged the land or pillaged the towns.
The sons were only too happy to pursue the adventure of joining the army and fighting for one's country.

  A portfolio compiles the century's best cartoons and quotes.
The best African-American cartoons of the century have been complied.

That's important.
That's big for the news story.

For surely the most striking thing about the horrors of globalization illustrated in those photos is that for most of the world's people they represent aspirations, things they wish they had, rather than ominous threats.
It may be my only my opinion that it is shocking to see wants highlighted, whereas others may see it as alright.

The 15 of us, who had been talking loudly, fall into a spooky silence when she opens the door.
The 15 people who were speaking loudly became silent so they would not get in trouble when she opened the door.

No, I said as a friend of mine knew a young gal.
I knew a young gal.

Spin Doctor, Heal  On Meet the Press (NBC), one former Bush aide jeers that [Clinton is] trying to do a job in Israel--too bad his wife doesn't agree with him.
The wife does not agree with the aide's political positions. 

i was talking to my husband while i was listening to they was trying to find a call and uh i said it's the toy uh uh the play yard out in the front yard you know that McDonald's has
They wanted to call to make sure they have it available. 

and she couldn't get out and her hair it was and she was heavy kind of like me  and so what you could see was this big bottom sticking out of her of her dishwasher and her husband was
She was inside of the dishwasher.

They start chanting into a megaphone behind  If you can't find the sperm, let the worm finish his term!
The protest was attended by 100 people.

You start looking into new ways of [planning events].
There old ways of planning events are the best.

Twenty-four terms is enough for anyone.
No one should go beyond twenty-four terms.

The statute is an attempt to draw lines around the LSC program to exclude from litigation those arguments and theories Congress finds unacceptable but which by their nature are within the province of the courts to consider.
Congress is related to the government and president.

that's right it was fun and and we threatened to make the other two uh make us dinner one time uh just to even it out since we seemed to be unfairly doing all the cooking and they were doing all the enjoying i'm
It was fun and we threatened to make them cook for us, but I didn't trust them to do it.

Each topical section will be identified by an alpha-numeric code (for example, P10 for Pensions), with numbers selected to allow addition of future topics.
The codes will be ordered to match the manual.

GAO also has statutory authority to render decisions on matters such as bid protests and the availability and use of appropriated funds.
GAO has the authority to make decisions about bid protests but they need a majority of votes to pass it.

I think Michael Jordan is beginning to get a bit frustrated with his new cohorts in the Washington Wizards front office.
Michael Jordan feels frustrated because his cohorts do not listen to his advice. 

Jane picked it up.
Jane was the one to first discover it.

These organizations consider and apply the various strategies as appropriate within the organizational, financial, and cultural parameters of their individual business and government enterprises.
These groups apply different strategies in the organization, but only one has been successful so far.

 Ca'daan smiled at him.
Ca'daan felt friendly toward him.

Can you give us any reason why we should not put you to death? asked the German.
The German would let them go if they gave good enough reasoning.

But it might be that Circus Circus is already a version of what we all do, not just on Saturday nights but rather every day of the week.
They are part of a circus.

With the fatal document in the hands of Mr. Brown, public opinion would swing to the side of the Labour extremists and revolutionists.
Mr. Brown was going to use the documents to benefit the Labour extremists.

While Milliken himself shuns publicity, his role in backing these institutions has been fairly well reported.
Milliken prefers his role not to be publicly mentioned.

we had one of those two days ago
That happens every few days here.

Ten to one, someone shouted.
Someone shouted that there would be ten men to every one woman.

House of Representatives from the Chicago area, did not disclose how big the state's hit would be but issued a statement Thursday pointing out that only four states would lose more federal money than Illinois in 2003.
Federal spending decreased in 2003.

The spear came in and Jon ducked, letting it pass over his left shoulder.
The weapon could have injured the man.

sort of like the draft do you know in the Army you're not going to uh uh be i i understand i understand what you're saying i'm i'm twenty four and uh you know i i don't think that i would be willing to to dedicate you know a year or two years of my life
We don't have a draft. Service is voluntary, and I don't want to volunteer.

Americans in general, much more than people from other countries, have lost the connection between food and health.
Americans have gotten too used to having food constantly within reach.

This undermines a knowledge-based process for making product development decisions.
Making product development decisions is one of the first steps in creating a product.

International banking conspirators of the Zionist Operated Government soon to be brought low by my military-grade anthrax; soon that nest of seething pervs, that island of sin called Manhattan, will see its Hudson and East rivers run with blood and ...
Manhattan is an island in America.

uh that's came out around the first of the year
It's been out for many months now.

checked out or whatever i but it seems to me that there are ways to accommodate that um i agree that that some innocent person might be victimized by a false test but i would think that um that some guidelines could be set up to avoid that for example that one uh positive would not be uh accepted as an automatic um reason for whatever they might be going to do if they found a positive uh dismissal or treatment or whatever
Most of the time the tests deliver fair results.

Ah, nothing.
Uh, it was something before. 

They're almost unreachable except by boat, but rewarding for fishermen and bird-watchers.
This is rewarding for fishermen and bird-watchers.

yeah is there is a a fear to it as far as what happens if
We all have a fear as far as what happens if.

You mean as how you can tell way back jus' what hosses bred your hosses?
You can tell what horses bred your horses? That seems impossible.

My recent interest in ballet has opened my eyes to a newer style that I used to find unattractive and incomprehensible.
If I hadn't been interested in ballet, I never would noticed this newer style.

Public broadcasting's big transformation came in the mid-'70s, Ledbetter finds, when U.S. corporations stepped in to fill the financial gap for the underfunded network.
US corporations tried to fill the $5 million gap in for the network.

yeah or if you want to take a trip or something that you you plan it but that's where you get the money is
The money for a trip can be a lot.

Observational humor, that's what we trade in here.
This is the only place where you can share observational humor.

oh that's real good that's real good
That's a real good idea.

Not, of course, that I care whether Lawrence hates me or not. 
I don't care what Lawrence thinks. 

I replied.
I yelled a reply.

I dare say it's mercenary of me, but there it is!"
I'm not proud of it, but I've made my choice.

It was squidgy.
It was a squishy cookie.

Winters here are marvelously mild and deserted, but even during the peak summer months you can seek out the island's many enchanted corners away from the crowds.
Summers here are fairly hot and uncomfortable at times.

Water, hills, and trees combine to offer some of the most memorable views in the National Park.
The national park has seven lakes in it.

All golf courses on the Costa Blanca are open to visitors, and clubs, caddies, and occasionally, electric trolleys can be hired.
The golf courses on the Costa Blanca have fine restaurants. 

A band of red painted the lower half of his face from the nose down.
His face was covered in someone's blood.

yeah that was pretty good i i like that and um i guess it's time to go
I was not keeping track of time.

Saving now is vital because expanding the nation's productive capacity through national saving and investment is a long-term process.
Saving now is vital because expanding the country's productive capacity through national saving and investment is a long-term process.

The plant, which has been in operation since 1749, produces 42,000 liters (74,000 pints) of rum every day in 150-year-old stills.
There are a lot of plants like this one that continues to operate to this day.

Unfortunately, she's wrong.
She is wrong, I'm sorry about it, even if you don't believe me.

well that's where he bombed before with the Turks that's where he put the chemical weapons before
He left chemical weapons there for bombing purposes.

Like sulfur dioxide allowances, nitrogen oxides allowances and mercury allowances are limited authorizations to emit and are not property rights.
Manufacturers can receive permits or authorizations to release harmful byproducts into the environment.

Not a fool, then, after all! 
Has an IQ of 150. 

Six weeks ago a Times op-ed piece by political scientist Lucian Pye explored the formidable mindset that governs China today.
On his first article on the Times, Lucian Pye explored and wrote about the dangerous attitude that rules China today.

Chatterbox will grant that some of this crude psychology may be at work.
The herd mentality of discussion is one psychology response that may be at play.

yeah um i think you have to push one and then we can start recording it
 To start recording you need to press 1, then press number two to hear what we recorded.

Kahn's five-part series on Grains of the World or Elizabeth Drew's supposedly soporific reporting from Washington.
Elizabeth Drew's reporting from Washington is very dull.

Lifeless from the start, jewels sneer at death, and they require zero maintenance.
Jewels are very expensive because they are so resistant to damage.

Nobody strolls in Tokyo, and there are few places to sit down outdoors and watch the world go by.
It's considered rude to stroll in Tokyo by the local population.

what movies have uh have you seen lately
Have you been to the movie theater lately?

Something about them said cultists.
The way they talked made me view them as a cult.

One held a massive scattergun over his shoulder with one hand, his other hand rested on the hilt of a wide-bladed greatsword that hung from his belt.
One person held a black gun and a silver sword.

Edwin Meese, attorney general under President Reagan, is among critics who have pointed out that Congress demanded in 1996 that the organization not do so.
They tried their best to get Congress to respond.

And now seems to me that everything gets screwy as soon as you turn it on, and sometimes even before.'
Sometimes before you turn it on it will get screwy and malfunction.

congressional oversight of IRS' operations, including IRS' implementation of the 1998
Congressional oversight of the IRS is very thorough.

okay well it was nice talking to you okay bye
It was very nice talking to you today, see you.

It would establish national cap-and-trade programs for NOx, SO2 and mercury emissions from power generators (with appropriate measures to address local concerns).
The locals raised awareness to get the national cap-and-trade programs formed.

We are working with others within the federal government, including the Secretary of the Treasury and the Director of the Office of Management and Budget, to modernize federal financial management and promote expanded performance and accountability reporting.
There are a lot of people working on bringing the federal financial system up to speed.

Just outside the Lions' Gate, look back at the city walls and note the two bas-relief lions.
The bas-relief lions outside the city wall are larger than life.

You eat the Chicken With Fettuccini Cream Sauce straight out of the ripped-open box.
You opened the box with a knife.

Efforts designed to rationalize the number of budget accounts within the new department can serve to provide flexibility while ensuring accountability.
The process of rationalizing the accounts is sure to ease the mind of the public.

Our Save the Unified Surpluses base simulation reflects CBO's January 20017 assumption that discretionary spending increases at the rate of inflation over the 10-year budget projection period.
Inflation means that the value of the dollar will decrease over the next 10 years by over 200%

 Adrin knelt to one knee and smiled at Susan.
Adrin was going to propose marriage to Susan.

Jon's off-hand came in, tip aimed for Adrin's exposed throat.
Adrin gulped and tried to pull away from Jon.

A copy of Verrocchio's delightful bronze cherub tops the porphyry fountain in the center.
The bronze cherub was added long after the porphyry fountain was built.

yeah but the error is on the part of the lab not on the sample in other words if somebody makes a mistake in what they're reading then they're not going to get the same reading the second time
The lab made a big mistake in how it processed the sample

well you know still be on yeah yeah now they got a lot other crap involved and so i don't know you're right i think some of the tones uh of the the the daily prime time is is questionable that could be uh
I like to watch daily prime time.

The powerful Prussians came up with a plan to partition Poland, which gained the support of the Russians.
Poland had suffered a heavy defeat against the Prussians.

so the morning hour is my time to myself
I like to meditate during my morning hour

Still trying to wrap my brain around the Fat Man's order.
I am trying to figure out how many things Fat Man ordered.

Fill in the blank, for example, typically sparks the most responses.
Fill in the blank questionnaires are the most used and popular of them all.

yeah so i mean things have just really gone out of sight in the last uh i guess about the last ten years
Things have gone out of sight in the last decade, but its good. 

Stock Market Fluctuations and Consumption  Some Recent Evidence.
Stock market volatility decreases current consumption in most cases.

A. a cuddly memory B. an adorable artifact C. a precious puffball D. a child's stuffed animal based on memories E. a zoo-confined rarity
Because people aren't ever happy, happy childhood memories are rare

yeah uh-huh do they do you organize things or get or do they just
Do you organize things, or do you leave that to them?

and i've bought you know i've bought greeting cards that are made out of recycled paper and i think they're just fine
"The greeting cards I chose to buy, are made out of recycled paper and nicely designed too."

On the way, take a look at the fine three-tiered, Sumatra-style Kling Tengkera Mosque.
The Mosque is worthwhile to look at.

Although a lightning bolt toppled the tower of the church of Lampaul-Guimiliau in 1809, the church's interior remains impressive.
Efforts have been made to repair the tower, but none have been successful.

the increased use of kiosks and a decrease in route time.
Kiosk use time has been made much more costly

For a moment, he stood abashed, and then he said in what was almost hysteria, "I've got to speak to Red.
He knew where Red was to go talk to.

Advertisement.
TV advertisement.

can't afford legal services obtain medical, housing, Social Security
Some peopel can't afford legal services because of their child support obligations.

But then when the Coronel had arrived here last night, he had not been too neat either.
The Coronel left his things all over the table when he arrived.

All right, my beloved nephew, you'll do the honorable thing!
All right, I know that you'll do the best thing because you are a good person.

He looked round at a circle of uneasy faces.
There were a lot of uneasy people around him.

Ryugen-in has five distinct rock gardens, one of which is apparently the smallest in Japan.
The monks had to make do with what little space they had in their tightly developed prefecture.

i uh was thinking about salaries and benefits and uh was wondering what's the most important thing to you besides a salary in a job
There are other things about a job that are more important than money.

From the highest point on the Vitet road, you'll want to stop to take in the sweeping view over a bay called Grand-Cul-de-Sac, which is favored by windsurfers, and out to Tortue islet in the Atlantic.
The view of the bay from Vitet road is beautiful..

In the last hundred years Luxor's major historic buildings have been cleared of sand allowing visitors to now view the temple structures.
It took a hundred years to clear Luxor's historic buildings of the sand.

Know-nothing attacks and a desperate defense strategy have conspired to wreck what a decade ago stood as a well-functioning, valuable, and inexpensive agency of government.
The government agency has declined due to political corruption.

Also, the effect on the recipient might not be as large as commonly assumed-in effect, one-half of the mail would be delayed one day.
If the recipient fills out information incorrectly on his form, His mail will be delayed

These things make it much easier to learn than C. Shuman's harping on s-l-o-w probably says more about the quality of Microsoft's virtual machine than it does about Java or the Java paradigm.
It is easier to learn C than Java because it's less complex.

At the top of Grafton Street, where it meets busy Nassau Street, you will see Jean Rynhart's statue of Molly Malone, subject of the well-known 18th-century ballad, with her barrow and a very low d??colletage.
The statue of Molly Malone is 10 feet tall and made of bronze.

Some 10 km (6 miles) west of Hong Kong lies this small, crowded island, only one square mile in size.
Ferries to the island depart from the central station every 2 hours.

Somehow, with the coming of the light, the dreads and fancies of the past night seemed absurd.
The fancies of the past night was the vampire masquerade. 

We had us plenty of it in the army."
All of us tired of having so much of that while stationed in Essex with the army.

Took a car across the town mighty pretty place by the way, I guess I'll take Jane there for a spell when I find her and then paid it off and struck out along those pine-woods on the top of the cliff.
Took the car I stole from the garage under my place to take Jane to a pretty place across town so that she will fall in love with me.

A block east is the distinguished Museo Arqueologico (c/ Serrano, 13).
The art is rather close to where you are.

That's a good analogy to an election with many equally plausible candidates whose odds of winning might depend only on how much they spend compared with everyone else.
That's a good analogy to an election that has a lot of people running and no one you want to vote for.

A spokesperson for PM One, the company that manages Alamo Hills, could not be reached for comment.
PM One manages a total of 33 other companies along with Alamo Hills. 

and stuff like that because i mean when i was a kid they never did stuff like that i mean it's like nobody was concerned about it you know and it's like
it wasn't common knowledge when i was a kid, so nobody did it

The nature of the events suggests that we are to vote on who best imitates a New York Times editorial or a Talk of the Town piece.
Frankly, most of us would prefer to be voting on a Talk of the Town imitation.

yeah that yeah
Not this.  

Slate , the growth of labor-intensive exports from Third World countries, a development possible only because those countries are able to offset their disadvantages by competing on the basis of cheap labor, has brought about a huge improvement in the human condition, even if the wages look miserably low by our standards.
The exports from these Third World countries are often of higher quality than those from First World countries.

The local Government of India Tourist Information Office can help you rent a motorboat with a crew.
The Government of India set up the Tourist Information Office to help tourists explore the country.

i tried uh this past year writing uh journal articles but uh i found out it cost me more than the the honorariums i got for writing them
It can be a good idea but I wasn't able to make any money from writing.

and then you get information too and it's kind of in a flashback and it it's told uh more or less third person singular
You get this information in a flashback. I've experienced it before, it's more or less in a third person singular.

student developed a Web-business  He set up a site, which uses an algorithm to tell guys where to take a date, by convincing venture capitalists to front money, hiring tech experts to write code, working 17-hour days, and bedecking his offices with inspirational quotes.
Web businesses take lots of work and time to start. 

Since September 1996, the CIO Council, under OMB's leadership, has taken some significant actions, which include designating information security as one of six priority areas and establishing a Security Committee.
The CIO council is the worst organisation funded by the government.

you are right there is no uh no such deal other than the small publication that uh uh League of Women Voters puts out it supplements that newspaper that i get a local newspaper they they published but uh nothing per se in the major newspaper and as hungry as they are for things to print you'd think they'd want to do that
The League of Women Voters recently started their small publication.

Perhaps the most famous feature of the cathedral is its 173 stained-glass windows.
The cathedral was built in the thirteenth century, it took over three years to build.

Today it forms the foreground for the seated part of the Sound and Light Show.
The Sound and Light show is 10 minutes long. 

The National Trust and the National Park Authority both work on conservation projects and these, along with innovative transportation policies devised by local councils, are all designed to help minimize the potential negative impact of tourism.
Potential negative impacts were completely wiped out by government efforts.

The third row shows the First-Class Mail in the NHH-to-HH (Non-household-to-Household) sector.
NHH-to-HH mail goes from businesses to individuals.

7.36 Written audit plans may include the following.
The written audit plans may include the following items in alphabetical order:

Osman's tomb was formerly a Byzantine baptistery, and his son's tomb is in the nave of the neighbouring church fragments of its ancient mosaic pavement can be seen on the floor of the tomb.
Osman's son's tomb was moved to the neighbouring church from a different location.

Yes, he continued, staring at me thoughtfully, "you will be invaluable." This was naturally gratifying, but Poirot's next words were not so welcome. 
I wanted to prove to him that I was indeed a valuable part of the investigation.

i'm uh well actually this will be the second time i've done it
This is the second time I've skydived.

Ann Mahoney said the recommendation should be worded to focus on systems as well as individuals.
The recommendation was to improve the entire process.

They are so dissimilar that they cannot contradict one another.
They are not at all alike in terms of size or shape.

I don't--you know.
I don't smoke and you know that.

We also reviewed agency documents, such as strategic plans, performance plans, performance reports, program descriptions and documentation, and other related documents.
We looked at around 35 documents related to the issue.

Many coastal dwellers migrated to remote mountain villages in order to escape their enemies.
Over 5000 people made this migration per year.

and i often find that even when i don't feel that much like exercising like i'll be really tired and i'll start swimming and i'll actually and i'll actually get energy and i'll be have much more energy when i'm done than when i started i mean i just feel great that happens to me probably one in four or five times that i swim
I love swimming and try to go every day.

By definition, scenario A assumes the standard technology assumptions of the AEO2001 reference case.
The assumptions include that no official is to operate a cell phone in the designated area.

that won what four Super Bowls
They were the ones that won four Super bowls in a year.

The current policy establishes a good framework to develop a product, but the policy still lacks specific criteria required to move a program forward and does not tie knowledge to decisions for increasing investments in the program as it moves from system integration to system demonstration.
The policy's lack of criteria for moving programs forward is fatal to its ability to be effective.

Current child support policies are driving many of them out of the above-ground economy, said Hannah E. M. Lieberman, the Bureau's director of advocacy. 
Child support is driving people into poverty.

The town is also known for its sparkling wine and for the caves where about 70 per?­cent of France's cultivated mushrooms are grown.
Sparkling wine is found everywhere in the town and you have to be wary about fakes.

This was not an inevitable consequence of suburbia--in his book City Life , Witold Rybczynski describes many delightful suburbs built in America since the 1920s--this was simply bad design.
City Life was later published and distributed across the globe upon Rybcynzski's death.

Recent empirical research confirms the widely held belief that economies of scale exist in the delivery of mail.
This is the first time that economies of scale has been proved to exist in this sector.

yeah fishing is not just just dragging fish out of the water it's it's a total experience you know getting out in nature and
I love fishing even if I don't catch anything.

But then, I live in Maine, where ornamental culture has made little impression, except possibly through a widespread interest in the L.L.
There are small pockets in Maine where interest in ornamental culture runs deep.

then as the fall comes on you get a you can get a really beautiful second crop of a lot of the cooler weather vegetables and sometimes that's the only some peas and different things like that that's the only time of the year you can grow them
Every fall you can get two crops of cooler weather vegetables.

uh with the blood and the urine tests
With the mandatory blood and pee exams.

No woman could act her part with that icy unconcern. 
That icy unconcern sent a chill down those who witnessed it.

Eager to capitalize, the country poured its soul into mass tourism, which triggered a rash of indiscriminate building on the southern and eastern coastlines, with scant regard for tradition or aesthetics.
The tourism in the country began to slowly rise after the new construction.

Participants stated that such a group was proposed by the Jenkins Committee, but it was never established.
The Jenkins Committee proposed only one group that failed to be established.

According to my rabbi (I don't want to pretend to be a student of such things), later commentators said that meant that Abraham was blessed with the recognition that he had passed the trials of his life with valor and devotion and could now enjoy a peaceful retirement, content in his own eyes and in the eyes of God.
God recognized that Abraham was a devoted follower who lived a life of valor.

The necessary arrangements for this can easily be seen to on the spot, but a more ambitious six- or seven-day trek needs some notice, so it would be best to book with your travel agent and settle the details before you leave home.
It can be hard to organise a trek in India.

1999: Western Union Introduces Singing Mammogram
Western Union has a mammogram that sings showtunes.

I am convinced that GAO is now entering another significant era that will take its place on the timeline of the agency's historic key events.
This is a very common sentiment throughout the organization.

The Last Judgment portrayed on the center portal is an example of 13th-century sculpture at its best.
This sculpture was in the Louvre for a period of time.

I don't think I've ever heard of anybody doing this before, Emory University political science professor Merle Black said.
Merle Black was wise 

Yes, the slaves, said Gauve.
Guave confirmed the slaves had been set free.

Specifically, under the GAO's new independence standards auditors must not violate two basic principles.
The new independence standards were made so auditors know not to violate two basic principle.

To facilitate change within the finance organization, several crossfunctional process improvement teams were established.
All the teams received the same training.

That ain't no outfit I heard tell of before.
Are they foreign?

yeah yeah yeah you have to you have poultry place what do you what other what dishes do you serve with it
I love to have poultry on a weekend meal.

And how does your being an astronomer change the fact that you are still only quoting their unsupported statements?
You need to have evidence, even as an astronomer.

Shifting velvety pyres of orange and red, crackling so loud as to be almost audible.
The fire was burning bright but then would burn out. 

yes uh-huh that uh lots lots of new uh newsmen were created during that so it will be interesting to see what happens
What happens will be interesting.

I felt vaguely insulted.
I felt a tiny bit insulted when he called me a bitch. 

Legal aid lawyers and paralegals increasingly are partnering with social workers, medical people, job counselors and other specialists to provide the right mix of legal and non-legal services people need to get back on their feet.
Legal aid laywers partner with social workers to give more services to their clients at a lower cost to the government.

Toward this end, the owner's interests are best served if the inhouse staff can also perform in the role of a smart buyer of the necessary technical services.
Every buyer out there is not smart.

Just opposite is the hospital, ages old but still in use.
The hospital has been standing for over sixty years.

But there's something more powerful at work, too.
There is something with the power to stop time that relates to this story. 

Fat people who exercise regularly are healthier than thin people who don't.
Thin people who don't exercise also stand a chance of becoming fat people themselves.

Little remains of Caen's historic center, but its good hotels and excellent seafood restaurants make it, with Bayeux, a useful starting-point for visits to the Normandy invasion beaches.
Caen's only positive qualities are its wonderful seafood restaurants and its pleasant accommodation. 

On the other hand, it's quite impossible to lead him astray through his imagination.
He prefers to see concrete evidence and proof of things.

[T]he New York State Access to Justice Center.
There is an Access to Justice Center in Manhattan.

The German came forward and shook hands.
The German shook hands with a woman.

Reilly said he has been stunned at the number of people who have been showing up.
Reilly was surprised that people were showing up to his wedding when so many people RSVP'd "Maybe".

so i suppose for that reason we will always have a credit card of some kind but
We don't use a credit card for our groceries or any monthly bills.

In 1979 the JLP came back to power following a campaign that saw the deaths of several hundred people.
The JLP remained in power for many years after the 1979 campaign.

The Japanese reportedly moved on to bigger things in World War II.
The Japanese in World War II decided to move on to bigger things, said the historian.

right now i'm kind of off
So in this moment I am not ready and not up to par because I haven't warmed up.

The Initial Regulatory Flexibility Analysis did not discuss any significant alternatives minimizing the impact on small entities.
The Initial Regulatory Flexibility Analysis had been searching for alternatives for the past 3 months. 

Auditors should submit written audit reports to the appropriate officials of the audited entity and to the appropriate officials of the organizations requiring or arranging for the audits, including external funding organizations such as legislative bodies, unless legal restrictions prevent it.
Written reports, as well as electronic copies, are required to be provided to the audited entity and those who requested the audit.

As a group of liberal Hindu and Parsi intellectuals, supported by a few progressive British, it was more national in purpose than in its representation.
The supporting progressive British sought to downplay the national elements.

With some judicious selection from among the places we suggest, you can most certainly get a pretty good feel for the country in the four weeks that most people devote to a first trip.
A four-week trip can be very expensive, so be sure to plan your budget ahead of time.

oh has those influences lasted do you know whether the the things that that you and your groups before you did did those did those live on or were they reabsorbed or how
The were combined.

Captain Bayliss strode in, powdery white dust graying his blue blouse, his face redder and more sun peeled than ever.
Captain Bayliss wore a blue blouse which was his uniform.

yeah it sure does um there's uh some good books that i've read um that you might be interested in um Charles D Gibbons is the guy who runs some ads on light night TV and he's got seminars you can go to and they try to hook you into his organization which costs about four hundred bucks
The up-front cost is well worth it.

He swung and stabbed twice.
He swung the sword and jabbed it twice into the tree trunk.

harsh weather
the weather has been harsh all afternoon.

 "Come on," he said.
Come on, he said without hesitation in his voice.

Germany, France, and Belgium all are running public debts at 3 percent or more, and Italy is at 7.4 percent.
Germany and France have debt approaching 5%.

Take measure, he would have whispered.
He would have kept his voice low not to alarm others. 

plus costing the taxpayers twenty five thousand dollars a year just to keep the guy locked up
Keeping the guy in jail for 30 years was costing a lot of money.

Say, Tuppence, he began, "will you do me a good turn? 
He didn't think Tuppence could turn.

He had given himself up for dead at every corner.
He was going corner to corner selling cookies.

The most fascinating structure on Calton Hill is the National Monument.
There are several great structures on Calton Hill.

Frank Sinatra, Wayne Newton, and Louis Prima each arrived with mediocre status and suddenly found themselves with names as big as the marquees on which they were written.
Other stars' legend has been established here.

Many winter cruise ships anchor in Funchal harbor on December 31 to take part in the party.
The party is very large and many people attended it.

The concept of a universal service obligation may really mean more frequent delivery than economically warranted for households living on unprofitable routes.
Universal service obligations raise costs.

Questions about durables holdings--cars, housing, and personal computers.
They had more questions about cars than personal computers.

At that moment, we were interrupted.
We were talking when we got interrupted.

Adrin's gaze never left the bald man.
The bald man was getting ready to attack Adrin.

The Left Bank has, in contrast, always presented a bohemian and intellectual image, dating back to the founding of the university and monasteries; today, the Sorbonne, the Acad??mie Francaise, the publishing houses, and the myriad bookshops continue to exercise an intellectual magnetism.
The Left Bank is home to a variety of cultures and artists.

The city was conquered and reconquered for 200 years before being destroyed by Muslim armies in the 13th century.
Following its destruction in the 13th century, the city was completely rebuilt. 

In the crypt, you'll find the tomb of Andrea Doria, great 16th-century admiral who took Genoa into the Spanish camp against the French and became the city's virtual dictator.
Andrea Doria was easily able to defeat the French.

In the light of what happened they are interesting.
They would not be interesting if that had not happened.

But obviously Cicero did not find that philosophy sufficient.
Cicero preferred his own school of thought.

appreciate it thanks bye
Thanks for the money, bye!

we wound up getting uh getting rid of the mom selling the puppy and just keeping the dad because dad was the favorite one anyway
We sold the puppy because we didn't want it.

2For a description of prototyping and the spiral model, see Roger S. Pressman, Software  A Practitioner's Approach, 3rd ed.
There is a 4th edition of the book Roger S. Pressman, Software A Practitioner's Approach, 3rd ed.

it's getting it's shrinking down it's getting small but it uh it's still grass it's it's dried up grass and it it just stays there it doesn't turn into dirt
The grass is dying.

A pleasant way to enjoy the lake is to take a trip on the Victorian steamer Gondola.
One can cross the lake on a Gondola or on a pedal boat.

Each of these features-if carried out-confers certain benefits in terms of the product.
This product is an regional commuter airplane intended for export.

A similarly pragmatic spirit beckons on the conservative side.
Only pragmatic spirits beckon on the conservative side.

Chatterbox will give the final word to Mossberg, who has shown himself to be a gracious victor in this 
Chatterbox will only have their final words with Mossberg, and will discuss with nobody else

TABLE 2. NATIONAL INTERLABORATORY STUDY OF CHRONIC TOXICITY TEST PRECISION, 2000: PRECISION OF RESPONSES USING EFFLUENT, RECEIVING WATER, AND REFERENCE TOXICANT SAMPLE TYPES1.
The study had million of dollars from national funding.

it sure has and i i'd like to try this thing every once in a while i thought i'd give it a try this afternoon being so rainy i'm locked in up here anyway so
I'm ready to get started if I can find out how to do that.

Why'd we take him along with you hanging on in a faint if he were dead?
Why did we waste resources on a dead man?

Mrs. Cavendish did not believe her. 
Every word she said to Mrs. Cavendish was untrue.

oh so once you buy a vehicle and you pay you pay the sales tax that's it they don't tax you on it anymore
I was worried that I'd have to keep paying a lot of tax on my new car.

that's right sure yeah you you yeah you could just sit there and talk
You could just sit at a coffee shop and talk.

so uh-huh thank you very much bye-bye
Let me know if I can return the favor.

Tommy hated him.
Tommy hated him for what he did in the past.

From the top of Mt. Misen is one of the three finest views in Japan.
The view includes beautiful natural landscapes.

Similarly, air transportation is provided under contract, and a sorting hub for Express Mail is operated under contract.
air transportation is usually the quickest and most elegant

Not for two bags of salt.
That was only worth a quarter as much as two bags of salt.

how many cats do you have oh okay
I prefer dogs personally.

Home to thousands of sheep and a few scattered farming families, the area is characterized by the stark beauty of bare peaks, rugged fells, and the most remote lakes, combined with challenging, narrow roads.
The valleys in the area are filled with oak trees.

on Energy, Nuclear Proliferation, and Federal Services of the Senate Comm.
Federal Services refer to services by the United States government and its agencies and employees.

The only thing was to act as though I'd noticed 209 nothing, and hope for the best.
I could not do anything about it anyway, so I pretended not to see anything.

Jon bowed and accepted.
Jon agreed to the terms.

For millions of would-be travelers around the world, the very name Kyoto conjures up images of the exotic and the foreign.
Kyoto, in reality, isn't as exotic as would-be travelers might think.

Tito acceded to a series of reforms, culminating in a new Yugoslav Constitution in 1974, which gave Kosovo control over much of its internal affairs.
Kosovo had control over external and internal affairs.

oh that's great yeah morning is usually a better time to exercise but i usually find that after work is when i have the time to do it
I wish I could get up early to exercise before work.

The results of the technology-driven scenarios should not be interpreted as an EPA endorsement of any of the policies or technology assumptions behind each of scenarios described in this report.
The policies may be in agreement with the EPA, but that's not what these scenarios are here to do in this report.

'We shouldn't be targeting the North,' Natalia told Greuze.
Natalia found it unwise for us to target the North, with their power being much stronger than ours and us not being prepared for such a conflict, and she needed to tell Greuze as soon as possible.

well i i like i i just i just bogused on all my homework so it really didn't matter
I bogused on all my homework but did okay on the tests, so it didn't matter.

Additionally, LSC's state planning team has issued numerous other targeted field correspondences to individual states' stakeholders who have submitted configuration plans adjudged insufficiently responsive to the tenets of State Planning.
LSC has 20 people on a state planning team.

I saw them in the pool, but I was almost too late.
They were drowning. 

though it's awfully tempting
The smell of bacon often makes me want to eat it again.

But that's not the point.
The point is that we're poor.

Slightly less possessive but equally curious visitors arrived, including the lovers George Sand and Frederic Chopin, Archduke Louis Salvator of Austria, Anais Nin, and the poet Robert Graves.
Frederic Chopin very much enjoyed his visit.

They picked up the Kal and Susan on their way out.
They were waiting for them to arrive.

The symmetry of the large central courtyard has a simple elegance.
The large central courtyard was created by an artist who specializes in symmetry.

Most legacy talk, however, concerns his influence on the GOP.
There are problems with the influence he has on the GOP.

The private bar and other nonprofit legal services providers are neither available, willing, or able to take over the representation of these populations.
The private bar will only represent these populations if they pay more money.

no hum yeah oh sure speaking of uh southern Oklahoma uh you go up into the Arbuckle Mountains at all camping up in there
Do you go camping?

but uh we have a family dog that uh ate all of the children's toys so coming up to Christmas time  the girls didn't have any toys so we had to go out and
The dog ate the plastic toys that we brought for Christmas.

that sounds like it might be a really good idea
That idea sounds like it could be good, but if it doesn't work we have others to try. 

Also try the open-air Discoteca La Patana, near the bridge into Varadero.
Also try the open-air Discoteca La Patana, even if it is going out of style.

The next day everyone insisted it was just a misunderstanding.
The incident involved a drunken fight between two Walmart cashiers.

He rolled the Texan over on his back.
The Texan stood no chance against him.

i've never been over impressed with him
He is not impressive at all.

Beatles [Gabe Perlmutter] ( This link goes to a dead page but then automatically proceeds to his new page, so I'm counting it as one link.)
The original page redirects to a new page because the original web developer placed the new page on a different url.

Bryant said if we back off the affidavit he could see a series.
Bryant wishes to see a series.

Does the case study identify the factors explaining the phenomena that were observed?
The phenomena observed were of supernatural origin.

how could how could could you stand there and watch them beat that guy if your brother or your sister were being beaten
You were either scared or heartless to watch and do nothing.

Take her with you, and do just as I say.
Take her with you, and follow all my orders.

well you know what's going to happen there those files are going to back up on somebody's desk just a that typical bureaucratic work
Nothing will ever change when it comes to bureaucratic work. 

Few people had ever broken through the crust of self-sufficiency the Kentuckian had begun to grow in early childhood.
Kentuckians are self-sufficient because that is what it takes to make it in their state.

Today Madrid is that cohesive center and more.
Madrid is in a good location.

I never liked him, said Julius.
I did not like him for the moment I met him, said Julius.

The procedures will provide opportunities for foreign entities to deliver satellite services here, and the liberalized market conditions resulting from the Agreement will allow
Allowing foreign entities to provide satellite services is expected to drive prices down for consumers.

The challenge is to make taxes more efficient without making them too easy to raise.
They secretly wanted to increase taxes.

The Plan emphasizes LSC's State Planning Initiative, as well as the increased use of technology, as significant strategies for expanding access to, and availability of, civil legal services throughout the United States.
The availability of legal services throughout the United States was the biggest concern of The Plan.

There were a hundred clicking sounds as bullets popped into chambers.
Several clicking sounds were heard as the soldier shot at the enemy. 

The current approach is inefficient and ineffective, imposing unnecessarily high costs due  (1) stranded capital investments from the installation of controls that later become obsolete when additional requirements are promulgated; (2) reduced lead time for complying with those requirements; (3) limited or non-existent flexibility for emissions trading to allow cost-efficient control options; and (4) a reliance upon lengthy, expensive, and uncertain litigation to sort out regulatory ambiguity and compliance with the law.
The company was millions in debt due to inefficiency and ineffective outlines.

no no i know i'm so happy that i had mine had mine when i did and that i'm not having them now i think about it
It's more difficult to have them nowadays.

Specifically, GAO has developed a framework that will help the Congress and the Administration create and implement a strong and effective new cabinet department by establishing criteria to be considered for constructing the department itself, determining which agencies should be included and excluded, and leveraging numerous key management and policy elements that, after completion of the revised organizational structure, will be critical to the department's success.
Most congressional members choose to use their on frameworks anyway.

oh that's pretty nice i did mine i built my own home in nineteen sixty one
I have owned my own home since 1961.

It's the one that comes to mind when I think about how smart I was before I actually had to deal first hand with an omnibus rate case.
The first time I had to deal with an omnibus rate case was overwhelming.

John turned. 
John quickly did a 180° turn.

Rick Moody and David Foster Wallace contribute short fiction to a summer reading package.
Rick Moody and David Foster Wallace also contributed non-fiction material to the summer reading package.

and just as soon as i get it paid off i'll probably get laid off
I will probably get laid off soon after i pay off my college loans.

It has been a long time since I had a meal like this," said Jon.
He was very hungry.

(Actuarial Standards of Practice No.
The standards are followed by employees.

A couple whose earnings are roughly equal is better off unmarried than married.
Many couples still get married even if their incomes are roughly equal.

Bars and pubs were crammed full, people spilling out onto the street.
Everyone was excited to celebrate Mardis Gras.

In one famous case, Inglis helped kill federal funding for a needed highway, requiring the state to build a toll road instead.
The state fought against building a toll road.

Of course, the shape I'm in, by tomorrow morning I'll have forgotten the entire episode.
I was so drunk, I will not remember a thing. 

Dominating Old Delhi, the Lal Quila (Red Fort) was built by Shahjahan when he transferred the capital back to Delhi from Agra.
The Lal Quila can be seen from the rooftop of any building in Old Delhi.

The exponent of Pb in Equation (1), then, is not a traditional elasticity; rather, it is an elasticity for changes in own-price when the discount remains unchanged, referred to in this paper as a no-shift elasticity.
The elasticity refers to stretchiness in rubber bands.

De Kooning continued to paint rapidly, but now he seemed to be able to juggle fewer elements.
De Kooning painted murals.

um-hum yeah it's kind of it's kind of strange here the way things go uh here if you have an accident and no one's injured the police won't even show up
The police never show up for accidents where nobody is injured.

Poetry, universities, and paintings fill her with awe.
She loves poetry, universities and paintings, because she grew up with them.

oh the drug problem um-hum
There is a drug problem in Texas.

He sent Drew to Kaintuck for schoolin'.
Bill sent Drew to Kaintuck to be taught how to fight.

and uh i got my husband i got i got married to a TIer and uh well the first thing my mom and i did when we moved out here was go to Southfork it was very embarrassing
There was nothing more embarrassing than taking the long drive to Southfork with my Mom after moving here.

and so you couldn't you know it's like sure bring out  into the market something that's smaller when nobody nobody uses anything that's smaller than you know this you know and so
Introduce something into the market that is small and competitive in some other way.

compromised and they do some of it at like certain hours but it's not always at a time when you can you know sit down and listen to it so
We try to time activities with others' availability.

The lawyer fingered her pulse.
The lawyer found that her pulse was normal. 

It occupies steep terraces that offer fine views over Funchal.
On clear days Funchal looks very colorful.

um except i don't have a concern too much about the speed however because most of the applications i find are as fast as i am if not more so and i tend to notice it more when it comes down to an issue of peripherals uh at work i'm used to various batch printing capabilities and uh pretty high-speed output either laser printer uh
THe speed doesn't matter because I just use spreadsheets.

Appropriate steps would include counting records and comparing totals with the responsible agency or entity.
The agency is a state government.

In the analysis, the Commission stated its belief that the proposed Report and Order does not duplicate, overlap, or conflict with any other relevant federal rules in accordance with the provisions of section 603(b)(5).
The proposed Report and Order talks about where to pick up mail at the new address.

They are cold, hard reality, though, and every case closed successfully marks a victory not just for the client but for our entire community.
Our community is quite small but very closely knit.

And for those who enjoy inspecting ancient instruments of terror and torture, there's a medieval chamber of horrors in the Tour des Voleurs (Thieves' Tower).
People were tortured in the Tour des Voleurs.

Your sincere friend, Mr. CARTER." Tuppence's spirits rose mercurially.
Tuppence had never been referred to as Mr. CARTER's friend before this.

The largest cave is called the Cathedral because of its size and scale.
You can go into the Cathedral and experience the darkness around you.

Effects Subcommittee on Initial Assessments of Health and Ecological  Part 2. October 1999.
The initial assessment of health and ecology was reported in a 20 page report on October 1999.

In order to address the access barriers that face rural and isolated communities and enhance communication between and among the three programs, the programs have developed highly sophisticated video-conferencing capability.
The new programs rely heavily on the video conferencing.

The following, said Tommy, "is the plan of campaign.
Tommy had written a comprehensive campaign plan.

um-hum right exactly exactly yeah
You're exactly right on that point.

Hanson caught up a bit of sun-stuff on the sharp point of the awl and brought it closer, until it burned his hands.
Hanson wanted to burn his hands with the sun-stuff.

Some one who'll be good to me.
Someone who will love me for who I am.

This section discusses the traditional payment process, modifications to the traditional payment process, and the importance of internal control in effectively administering the payment process.
This section talks about the benefits of the traditional payment process.

Still reeling from the effects of the Persian devastation, Jerusalem was conquered in 638 by the forces of Islam.
Jerusalem was conquered after a bloody battle.

The estimate of labor includes planning and engineering, general labor, and skilled boilermakers.
Planning is the most important component of labor estimation.

This smart, three-storey complex is ideal for families on a relatively tight budget, and offers a large swimming pool and children's play areas.
The complex has three stories and costs $125.

Formerly, the Advocate's Office had to rely on functional groups within IRS, like examination and collection, to provide most of its program resources-including staff, space, and equipment.
The IRS is the internal revenue service.

Hersheimmer had left for Constantinople at a moment's notice if he fancied that a clue to his cousin's disappearance was to be found there.
Constantinople is where Hersheimmer's cousin disappeared. 

so we went to one and he just put a big old cast on it
we went to a doctor and he put a cast on my ankle

is it different in different states do you know
The laws for assault were different in California than they were in New York.

The old Warner Bros. gangster morality tales were always said (by the gatekeepers) to represent the American gangster film in its glory, but these morality tales are completely absent from the AFI 100.
The AFI 100 were of a different time period.

frequent flyer miles for this unit's employees has become more problematic since the government contracted with a different carrier for one of the unit's most heavily traveled routes.
The government contracts with carriers, which greatly complicates how they award frequent flyer miles.

In Chicago and in Northridge, the doctors should have known that blindly following policy was bad.
The doctors caused a lot of harm for just blindly following policy.

The aunt had already two of them, and she lived alone, after her third husband and seventh live-in boyfriend had left her.
The aunt was very bad at keeping men around.

so you have a little you know little you can program the one at Cosmopolitan Lady so
You are an expert programmer I'm sure you can do it.

America has always had a spiritual self-help literature that reconciles redemption with resume-building.
Americans read 10,000,000 self-help books a year.

Unconventionally gifted kids, who didn't get top grades in high school or who don't have perfect SAT scores, stand a better chance than they do elsewhere of getting in--and of being presented with the highest level of intellectual challenge.
Kids that are conventionally gifted have a worse chance of getting a challenge. 

If Ron Brown had been the only administration official willing and able to sell out to the Vietnamese, he could have extracted a price commensurate with the multimillion-dollar value of his product.
Ron Brown sold out to the Vietnamese for good reason.

When corporations moved in with more stringent departmental accounting procedures, every sector of a hotel-casino had to show success.
If a section didn't do as well, it was shut down.

In Threesome (1994), Stephen participates in a menage a trois . (A very Baldwin  Both Stephen's Threesome and Billy's Three of Hearts [1993] are about bisexual love triangles.
In Threesome (1994), Stephen participates in a menage a trois and loved it.

MLS's dilemma is  If it doesn't pay for talent, it will certainly remain a minor league.
MLS is a football team.

you know that it just doesn't even give you the effect i mean some of them are done good and they do scare you but um so many of them are just done real i don't know i'm not really into those
Some are scary but most are just stupid.

From Chapter 2, roughly 1,125 tons of steel is needed for a 500 MWe FGD system, which is about 2.25 tons per MWe.
They need 1,125 tons of steel for one ship.

Czarek's efforts were admirable and their results visible.
Czarek did a very good job and you could see the results.

Unfortunately, this trend has not reduced owners' overall engineering costs as a percentage of TPC.
Engineering costs can be expensive 

they come on both they come on like from nine to ten and then from uh five to six
The afternoon time is more popular than the morning time.

For me, it's been a policy difference over big taxes and [putting] the government in charge of everybody's political speech.
Big taxes mean more to me than the government being in charge of everybody's political speech.

In the meantime, the influential ideas of the French Revolution were spreading.
Many people were finding that the French Revolution's ideas made sense in light of their circumstances.

Over the last decade, our government and our nation have become
Our government has become corrupted over the last decade.

except in certain spots and so that's probably my problem there but uh
Some spots are different.

Longfang was tough, said the large man, his warclub resting on his shoulder and referring to the proper name of the mountain they had seen him kill.
The large man knew everything about Longfang.

Within the dirt roads at the town thoroughfare lay twelve more, heads and chests crushed by the Kal's club or flayed by Thorn's sword.
Kal's club had killed lots of people.

And these are things that, in this day and age, are rarely said at all.
The amount of salary is rarely talked of.

He staggered in gratefully.
He had trouble walking because he was drunk.

what it is it's medical insurance on paper
The medical insurance is in it's guaranteed form on paper.

AMORTIZATION -The gradual extinguishment of any amount over a period of time through a systematic allocation of the amount over a number of consecutive accounting periods such as the retirement of a debt by serial payments to a sinking fund.
Amortization is spreading out the interest over consecutive accounting periods for debt

Window-shop your way past the goldsmiths and furriers of the rue de la Paix to the ornate opera house (now named after its architect Charles Garnier to distinguish it from the new Opera-Bastille
The Garnier Opera House has a gold-leaf ceiling and over 100 chandeliers.

Fifteen years ago, Sidney Blumenthal, now a top adviser to President Clinton, wrote an incisive piece for the New Republic examining why then-President Ronald Reagan's frequent factual misstatements hadn't made him as unpopular as Richard Nixon or Jimmy Carter.
Sidney Blumenthal has a very close relationship with President Clinton. 

yeah yeah and see i do a lot of work with the boy scouts and we try to do a lot
I am a very active leader in boy scouts.

Not all anthropologists agree.
Not everyone that is in the field of anthropology agrees, at least for now.

Galen (a.d.130 200), the most famous physician in the ancient world after Hippocrates, practised here.
Galen was almost as successful as Hippocrates.

Highway 1 is a nonprofit organization, made up of companies such as IBM and Microsoft, whose goal is to educate the government on the potential of information technology by being a source for information and by demonstrating technologies that are shaping our society, economy, and public policy.
This also includes Apple and Samsung.

Noncash transfers such as food stamps or health care benefits are not reflected.
20% of the USA's population receives food stamps.

What happens to a chick when it is stopped from hatching?
When a chick cannot hatch, does it die?

Spiritual preoccupations turned away from the world's few joys and woes in the present, to mystic contemplation of the ineffable hereafter.
The Government Technology Leadership Awards are prestigious for state governments and are handed out by the Government Executive magazine.

It could be the first step toward multi-center studies.
Multi center studies require at least four centers be studied.

The tactic is to fight Dole to a draw or a near-draw on the tax issue; that would be an intermediate victory for Clinton, and make a November victory more likely.
Dole can easily be defeated on taxes.

right well it seems like you've got a very valuable talent
It must be nice to know about those types of things. 

In Singapore the following year, they were joined by representatives from Sarawak and Brunei.
Despite their busy schedules, the representatives from Sarawak and Brunei made time to go to Singapore the following year.

Also, most workshared pieces are letter-size and many basic pieces are flats, which cost more to process.
It costs more because the flats have to be processed separately.

That's what happened when Anthony Perkins, editor in chief of Red Herring magazine, sent out an invitation to the same Bush luncheon as Draper.
To many observers, the decision to send an invitation was a faux pas on the part of Perkins.

yeah that's probably uh uh something that uh is is you know is good for both of them i know that uh my older son i could never get him interested in cars and i couldn't you know i just like you know you sure you're a boy i mean your not interested in cars  i mean he he just
I was unsure of my son's gender after seeing that he wasn't interested in cars.

These categories might be put into a matrix by facility size or groups served.
They are organizing restaurants. 

In some cases, agencies' legislative mandates have grown so muddled that Congress, the executive branch, and other agency stakeholders and customers cannot agree on program goals, worthwhile strategies, or appropriate measures of success.
Legislative mandates have become difficult to agree upon.

Nobody but Dave seemed to notice his absence.
Dave was the only one that cared for him.

He's one of the biggest astronomers in the world and your father would have to call him if a space-ship landed on his estate."
He has won several awards for astronomy research.

There's a superb gift shop on the premises.
The premisis of the museum has a superb gift shop.

And if you had a car, you don't have a car, because now the fuel comes from the power of the energy circle,' bald Klimaszewski was gaining speed.
Klimaszewski was upset that the energy circle had all the control.

but it's it's it's over in the Mid East especially Israel it's just like Israelis have a like a totalitarian system when it comes to the Palestinians you know the Israelis can do anything they want but when it comes to Palestinians if they're out in the street at night it's it's really looked on as odd um usually they're they're bussed in to the the um Jewish neighborhoods and Jewish cities and then at night they're bussed out to the occupied territories
Isreal is going through big changes right now.

The accumulated and reported data enable management and other interested parties to measure and make decisions about the agency's/segment's ability to improve operations, safeguard assets, control its resources, and determine if mission objectives are being met.
The accumulated data help management and other interested parties to make some decisions, which is important for our company.

Figure 4: The First Steps of the Assessment
This is Figure 4: The 1st Steps of The Assessment

After a while, I almost forgot that I was really Jane Finn.
I have a bad memory so I forgot my name

The Cases Funded Exclusively with LSC Resources  The second methodology LSC is developing is a model to estimate the number of cases funded exclusively with LSC funds.
Over 200 cases have been funded only using LSC contributions.

Nevertheless, they were trumpeted throughout the nation, because the media had little else to talk about.
It was a slow news day.

it it was nice going up there and see that scenery
It was pretty in the mountains.

As mentioned earlier, legislation enacted in the 1990s has provided a statutory framework that includes the Government Performance and Results Act of 1993, the Chief Financial Officers (CFO) Act of 1990 and related financial management legislation, and information technology reform legislation, including the ClingerCohen Act of 1996 and the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
The legislation was enacted in the 1990s and revised yearly after that.

Alfred Kazin jowled that Oprah's club represents the carpet bombing of the American mind, but even a stuffed shirt like Kazin can't complain when 15 million TV watchers are urged to read Toni Morrison and do.)
Kazin is biased against Oprah due to their shared history.

2) The FBI warned six members of Congress last year that China had targeted them for illegal campaign donations through foreign companies.
Six members of congress took in millions of illegal campaign donations.

uh some of the young dread naughty boys in my family would fish for them all night
It was the highlight of the day for those boys.

The artefacts displayed in the museum were all unearthed on the spot, and again, the inscriptions are in Spanish only.
The displayed in the museum were unearthed on the spot.

Caletta was the home of the writer Rabindranath Tagore, India's first Nobel Prize winner, and of the philosophers Ramakrishna and Vivekananda.
Rabindranath Tagore is the most famous writer India ever produced.

Motivational interventions in emergency settings have more recently demonstrated important clinical outcomes in terms of risk-taking, negative consequences of drinking, and, at times, reductions in drink-ing.
Interventions should be done more frequently in emergency settings to reduce problem drinking.

And Clinton's approval rating is higher than the rating for his policies (an ass-backward situation, in Chatterbox's view, since Clinton-the-person is usually much easier to hate than Clinton-the-policymaker).
Clinton is not known for having good morals.

well yes uh yes and no i mean um yes in the winter time yes it's it gets kind of chilly or it can get chilly but uh there's really no time of the year that you can't go
It is okay to go when it is chilly.

How long can I keep saying, Oh, I didn't get it.
I can't keep repeating one lie.

 'Ready for his Viagra';  'The typical CBS viewer';  'Next to Ariana, on my immediate left.
There are many instances where the typical CBS viewer will tune out.

With over 20,000 species in more than 20 hectares (50 acres) of grounds, there is plenty to see and enjoy.
THe grounds have lots of birds and bugs.

yeah no it it it's also kind of
It also might be.

If it's not installed properly and if it's not maintained, it could be life-threatening, he said.
It isn't well maintained. 

How do I break the news and let both of us keep our dignity, even if (s)he is a troglodyte?
How do I save face after I tell them the bad news?

i know and i want to see a credit card
The credit card has a low APR.

HHS supports a number of These gateways and has a Gateways button on its home page identifying them, which includes both HHSsponsored sites (e.g.
HHS supports many other things too. 

Not because you are going to use it.
Not because you will use it, but because you want to.

Such a wage premium would amount to $9 billion in monopoly rents for the entire postal system.
Wage premiums would cause problems for the postal system

Figure 6: History of Field Office Structure
There is multiple Field Office Structures.

But the current coalition of opposition groups is too factious to stage a coup.
There is room for heavy political conflict in the nearby future.

you know and it's something we can do together so well she doesn't do much hunting she could care less about that she does a little fishing but you know golf would give her the exercise she'd be outside give her something to do that we both enjoy so
We have tried hunting together a few times.

The report expresses shock at the flagrant illegality of the expenditures.
Charges were later filed as a result of this.

He's a very friendly ghost.
There are other ghosts that are not friendly.

Generally, their comments suggested that the steps and practices we identified from the leading organizations studied were valid and complete, and that the case illustrations were accurate to the best of their knowledge.
We identified ten crucial practices from the organizations we studied.

It also displays the collection of Impres?­sion?­ists and their followers transferred from the Jeu de Paume museum, which is now used for temporary exhibitions .
Monet was a legendary impressionist painter who worked in France.

which is really international and and it keeps reminding me you know that this we're we're really in an in an isolated different situation here and i keep saying no wonder the rest of the people in the world vote for in the country vote the way they do i mean
No wonder the rest of the country votes like they do, since they always get bad information.

huh i bet that's right i bet that i bet that is true for down well down here we don't have that problem of course
Problems can happen down here

In his introduction, Robert Giroux, Malamud's editor, quotes Cynthia Ozick, who said of  Is he an American master?
Giroux's introduction relied heavily on quotes from Ozick.

well i uh i'd have to say my favorite team would be Cincinnati Bengals
I really like the quarterback of the Cincinnati Bengals.

The Washington Weekly , a Web magazine devoted to right-wing politics, also promoted the forgery claim.
The Washington Weekly had featured articles about the forgery claim on its frontpage for months.

well i think we've got uh like a language barrier too i think most of the people there speak only Spanish i'm not sure how fluent they are in English and that's one of the major problems i i see with uh other countries as such being uh say the possibility of becoming states that we don't have a common language with them
Mexico would not be able to become one of the United States of America.

After FDA evaluates the comments received, makes any revisions, and receives final OMB approval for the information collection, FDA will announce in the Federal Register that approval and the effective date of the part of the regulations that relate to the information collection.
OMB it took longer than the FDA expected to approve the Collection.

The steep fells protected the population but also made transportation of any kind difficult; many of today's footpaths follow ancient pack-horse trails, which for centuries were the principal method of transport.
The pack-horse trails have all been made into footpaths now.

From here you will get your best view of the Pont d'Avignon ' more correctly called the Pont Saint-B??n??zet ' broken off halfway across the Rh??ne river.
It was broken during the 17th century. 

64 Chapter 9 Tuppence Enters Domestic Service WHEN Tommy set forth on the trail of the two men, it took all Tuppence's self-command to refrain from accompanying him.
It was difficult for Tuppence not to accompany Tommy, but she consoled herself.

organized battle between the two units was in Texas so
The organized battle between the two units was in Texas and it lasted about 3 days.

yeah they're big dogs
I think those dogs are cute.

through your pipes because it's toxic um chlorine it's toxic it's a i don't know if your on city water city water has chlorine in it chlorine causes cancer
I avoid city water and only drink bottled water. 

But it is not a transitional problem.
It has been a transitional problem for five years.

This program expands the authority of disability examiners, who currently make initial disability determinations jointly with physicians, and allows the single decision maker to make the initial disability determination and consult with physicians only as needed.
This program expands the authority of the forever oppressive police force

How Do I Become a Citizen?
I'm questioning how to become a citizen of Chile.

Participants also believed that there is a need for better transparency of board activities to help restore investor confidence, such as reporting on the board's progress against best practices of leading companies2 noted for the effectiveness of their boards.
Participants believed the board needed to be more transparent to make investors invest more.

yeah and here we were i mean i talked to her we had just gotten over a ninety four degree day so  we really had a lot to compare so
It got really hot here. 

Even that unpleasant task, however, has some precedent.
Most people fail to see the precedent behind the unpleasant task.

To carry out its important function of restoring investor confidence, the SEC may not always be able to attract the right people and retain them under the existing structure.
The SEC, at times, chooses people who are not 100% qualified for their position to be a part of the organization, even though it isn't completely wise to do so if they wish to be able to continue running the organization.

Legendary hummous, with very little else on the menu.
The menu also features crab soup as an appetizer.

um-hum yeah i'd like to see the the neighbors put some trees in the front yards anyway just to get something started
I would appreciate it if the neighbors planted trees in front of their houses.  

I ”I don't understand.
That doesn't make much sense.

Foreign imbibers, not brought up on this custom, usually prefer to dilute it with a large splash of water.
Foreign people do not know the customs.

i i think i agree with you one hundred percent about it being some sort of voluntary but when you do that then it becomes almost uh or it can be
i think it should be voluntary because it becomes easier to recruit people

It is one of a number of scuole (literally, schools or confraternities) unique to the days of the Venetian Republic.
It is one of the few all-male schools remaining in the state.

Examples of the agencies' expectations for customer satisfaction are shown in table 2.
The agencies wanted to show real time data.

How do, Cousin Jane? he said lightly.
He greeted Jane when he saw her.

If so, how fortunate to have such a friend at court or perhaps it would be more to the point to say IN court." Boris got up and began striding up and down.
Boris was nervous, and he started pacing the room.

While many of GAO's contributions cannot be quantified in dollar terms, those that can be quantified show that GAO returned over $57 for every $1 appropriated to the agency in fiscal year 1999.
The contributions are more than just dollars.

'Generation?'
I questioned the thought of a generation in response to what was just said to me.

yes since TI has uh uh instituted that um uh walkabout i have gone out and started walking even more bought me the you know the proper proper shoes and everything to get started and uh park out there you know way out there in the boondocks
I feel better now that I've been walking more often with the proper footwear.

oh no i don't i'm a i'm a student uh
I am a student and have a lot of loans.

The two races coexisted in the higher valleys, clearing tracts of land and establishing small villages.
The valleys were the best place to settle at the time.

Where to? Mr. Whittington smiled again.
Mr. Whittington was smiling again.

Prices are usually high.
10 percent of the prices are low.

The mater will be delighted to see you again, after all those years, he added. 
The mater was waiting impatiently.

as if we were by ourselves,
We might have a few other friends here. 

HAZARDOUS WASTE - A solid, liquid, or gaseous waste, or combination of these wastes, which because of its quantity, concentration, or physical, chemical, or infectious characteristics may cause or significantly contribute to an increase in mortality or an increase in serious irreversible, or incapacitating reversible, illness or pose a substantial present or potential hazard to human health or the environment when improperly treated, stored, transported, disposed of, or otherwise managed.
Hazardous that is improperly treated and stored is a huge risk.

yeah but uh he'll he'll wind somewhere
I hope he goes somewhere he would like.

But now a hitch occurs. 
Then, we encounter an unexpected difficulty at a crucial moment. 

So, why am I sorry for Robert Reich?
Most people wouldn't consider Robert Reich a deserving object of pity.

i do i go every weekend i i uh those are two definite must see movies i think
The Dancing with Wolves and the Matrix are must see movies I think.

The fighting brought none of the usual spoils of war that provincial warlords and samurai had come to expect as payment.
Samurai would make a compromise and simply ransack villages for their payment.

I ain't Drew Rennie not here, not now "
I used to be Drew Rennie. 

Tuppence drew a long breath and entered.
Tuppence entered slowly. 

The only way to beat one historical icon is with another.'
Beating an icon would not be easy. 

In his second week as press scourge, Steve Brill remains a hot topic.
He wanted to divert the attention off himself.

An innkeeper who lost his hearing at Stalingrad and communicates by writing answers Siegelbaum's saying, Hitler deceived the world:
 An innkeeper who lost his hearing at Stalingrad lost it due to loud noises being too loud

Second, we have concerns about what is not in S. 556.
There is a lot left out of s 556 

5 In particular, they use performance agreements to align and cascade organizational goals to individual performance expectations through several levels in their organizations.
There are several levels in their organizations and they use performance agreements quite often to meet their needs.

um-hum that's true their job
I guess that's true. 

And second, in fact, there is no obligation to disclose anything.
While a disclosure is not required, it would be a good idea.

Tell them that you fear us but you fear the raiders more," said Jon.
It was true, they did fear the raiders more. 

Hasidic Jews wear black hats, often trimmed with fur, and long black or brocaded coats garb dating from their origins in 18th-century eastern Europe.
Hasidic Jews dress differently from other Jews.

Rule 28258 states that the Regulatory Flexibility Act is not applicable to this rule because the Commodity Credit Corporation (CCC), which funds this program and has issued this rule, is not required by 5 U.S.C.
The CCC is a top rated national organization.

The system is the first of its kind in the federal government and was a 1996 winner of the Vice President's Hammer Award.
The federal government adopted this system after many businesses had done too.

How in tarnation did he get ahead of us? 
It shouldn't be possible that we are behind him.

oh you plant oh
Gardening is great.

but wouldn't it be wonderful
It would make a lot of people happy.

Long hot days touring Ancient Egyptian temples, tombs, and museums are not going to be at the top of most children's lists of great things to do on vacation, but there are lots of ways to make their trip fun.
There's fun amusement parks to take their mind off the heat.

efficient, since the national survey would not be a fishing expedition but targeted to verify initial findings.
The national survey is designed to verify the EPA's findings.

Then he killed her anyway.
She tried to strike a deal with him but he was intent on killing her.

I can always shake the driver awake in a real emergency.'
I can wake the driver up if he's about to crash.

Stark turned and saw Jon.
Jon was happy to see Stark. 

The results were excellent, but Dave found it hard to appreciate.
Dave was too distracted by his worries to react properly to the results. 

We can win.
We can win the football game.

When Warm returned to work, everybody looked at him mysteriously.
The mysterious looks made Warm feel uneasy.

Inland settlements offer fascinating insights into life in bygone ages.
Inland settlements are used to determine the religious beliefs of ancient settlers.

Examples include routes along Wrynose bottom, around Wast Water, the path along the stream bed at Watendlath, or the course around Blea Tarn in the Langdale Fells; the latter two routes are especially beautiful.
Most people find the Wrynose Bottom routes to be the most accessible.

Manson gets to paint himself as a First Amendment martyr and keep selling records.
Manson makes money off the records.

For all its currency, the carpetbagger charge only carries these days in parochial places and when it plays into other, more potent,  the naked ambition of Dawkins or Huffington, the Washington-insider image of Brock.
The carpetbagger charge should work elsewhere besides parochial places.

The new Voting Register.
The Voting Register was first incorporated here last week.

Rennie went into action, so swiftly that for a startled moment Drew was left gaping at empty space.
Rennie was known for his fastest legs in the city.

you know i could i could have you know get something nice and upgrade but i just uh i'm consulting right now so
I could get something nice for my children and I.

Commerce and Wealth
The interest was solely in establishing means of making money through trade and building personal riches.

oh my goodness that's an awful lot
Holy crap thats a lot of dead penguins. 

That'll do, Brown.
Well done, Brown!

So is collapsing a mine on three hundred people, said San'doro.
San'doro told his men that it would be like collapsing a mine on three hundred people.

Brown believed the recommendation was worded too strongly.
The recommendation could have been stated in a better manner.

Tina Brown--gone.
Tina Brown went to the store and never came back.

She still looked agitated, and during the meal there was a somewhat constrained silence. 
There was a silence that made everyone uneasy at the meal.

Others sent their daughters to the harem or their sons to serve as officers in the imperial army.
Others sent their daughters to harems reluctantly.

He will not allow another stud on the ground he claims."Drew was beginning to understand.
Under special circumstances, other studs would be allowed on the ground.

Yes, Tommy chimed in.
Tommy said yes, despite disagreeing. 

KL's main historic quarter lies near Jalan Sultan Hishamuddin, where on the east side of the broad avenue is the Sultan Abdul Samad Building.
Kulua Lumpur is split into historic and modern sections.

um hello um what is your favorite um food for a dinner party
Depending on your choice, we'll eat that at the party.

For the first period, it is assumed that all controls need to be installed in a 31-month period.
The controls are to keep the mosquitos out of the office.

They are specific to each executive and should be derived from, and directly contribute to, the program priorities and
They are specific to each executive, so they should be derived from the priorities that are set by the shareholders.

no no it's um it's an odd film and it's really interesting that i like the director a lot um a guy named Tim Burton
The movies name is the Nightmare Before Christmas.

In 1066, Duc Guillaume of Normandy crossed the English Channel in a successful military campaign and became William the Conqueror.
The main enemy of William were the Mongolians.

Recent studies estimate that between one and four million American women experience an assault by an intimate partner each year, and 3.3 million children are exposed to violence by family members against their mothers or female caretakers.
Assault may be violent, emotional or sexual.

but i enjoy doing it more when i've got other people with me than and i usually do it because i want to because i know it's good for me not because you know i don't i don't feel obligated to do it and i enjoy it
I usually have a group of friends that I do it with.

Oh, there are larger worlds, the Explorer said.
The Explorer was not impressed with the world he was on right then.

Perhaps the uncritical reportage of Fitzsimmons' new story can be explained by pangs of guilt about the uncritical reportage of his old one.
Perhaps the reportage of Fitzsimmon's story can be explained by guilt regarding his old story and his past history.

I don't want to be adopted.
I want to be independent.

Artifacts originated in the palaces of Knosses, Malia, and Phaistes and include the superb rhyton (libation vessel used in ritual purification) carved from black steatite in the shape of a bull's head.
The greatest palace of all was at Knossos.

Waugh's 1930s novels, such as Vile Bodies and Black Mischief , are wicked fun in the strict sense.
Waugh is a great author. 

Basically I just shoot them in the right direction, said Gene Windham, a Vacaville attorney specializing in probate and tax law who helped out earlier this week. 
Tax law is complicated.

For this reason, boxes will frequently be clustered where a rural route intersects roads not on the route.
The route intersection led to many box related inconveniences.

' Really.
Are you serious? 

Ice hockey fans can watch the Los Angeles Kings play at The Forum in Inglewood (from November to March); Anaheim's Mighty Ducks play at the Arrowhead Pond of Anaheim, the new arena acrosefrom Anaheim Stadium.
Ice hockey fans can watch NHL games in the area for about $20 a ticket.

Although no merger plans were discussed, board members at the smaller program knew of Dudovitz's preference for impact litigation over direct services.
Merger plans weren't discussed because one company said they weren't interested.

yeah uh you know that's a good way to approach it i've never thought about um i do plan my clothes a week in advance actually i plan them a month in advance i usually do a month at a time so i don't repeat an outfit
I will plan my outfits ahead of time, but I'm not super strict about it.

Finally, we came to the end- a room that looked like a monk's secret sanctum.
There was a room at the end of the tunnel.

a 32902, and that it would be illogical to assume that Congress intended to arbitrarily limit the 1998 standard to one of these prior year levels even if some other level was determined to be the maximum feasible for model year 1998.
The 1998 standard will be slightly higher than prior years.

In response to our inquiry, OMB staff advised that the rule could be economically significant, and major, because it could adversely affect competition.
OMB staff's claims about the rule are wrong.

If the wound to Eappen's skull was new, asked Scheck, why had scar tissue formed around it?
Why had scar tissue formed around the wound, if it was new? Said Scheck yesterday in doubt.

Under the immigration bill, Clinton directed the Immigration and Naturalization Service to deport asylum seekers without giving them any opportunity to appear before a tribunal.
Asylum seekers pretested against Clinton's immigration bill.

Walk through the gates of the 100-m- (300-ft-) high west front, designed by Theodore Jacobsen and built in 1752.
The old gate from the 1700s used to be taller.

drug rehab and they'll send you to it so if they did have a problem they can get over it i agree with that
I don't care if they have a problem with your drug use.

Bountiful food sources might have made Malaysia an inviting place for the contemporaries of Java Man in 230,000 b.c.
Food sources made Malaysia inviting because the people would always be fed.

As the roc swept over, the people stopped their frenzied pursuit of sensation and ran for weapons.
People picked up blades and other took the guns.

There were other changes, too.
Also, there were other changes in their society.

really  yeah i hadn't thought about that um-hum
I didn't think that would come up.

Where the Boys Are
The Boys Are are a gang of young 7th graders lost in the woods.

He didn't believe in it but it made him feel better.
He wanted to believe.

like water are they water shoes is that
Are they shoes designed for kayaking?

These forms will be posted on the IJC website.
The forms will be available via PDF on the IJC website.

Finally, remember that your reputation is priceless.
As such,  you'll want to do everything you can to preserve your reputation.

There were them buzzards we had us a coupla run-ins with back in Tennessee, 'member?
The birds pooped all over their wagon.

um no not personally but yes uh-huh yeah several
I have never done that myself.

Figure 4.3 shows the long-term implications for budgetary flexibility of saving the Social Security surpluses.
Figure 4.3 shows thr highs and lows of budgeting.

7 billion would be incurred slaughtering at-risk cattle culled to prevent BSE spread, and that costs of $593 million would be incurred imposing feed regulations at the time BSE was detected.
The slaughtering of cattle was needed to reduce the risks.

EPA used the information it received at these public meetings to revise and better define these goals.
The public meetings were useful in refining and better defining certain goals.

I have no doubt we appear strange and repulsive to them.
They must think we are out of this world.

And astrologer Jeane Dixon died of a heart attack.
Jeane Dixon is an astrologer and she appeared on many TV shows.

Coz believes he'll reverse this decline by taking (or at least talking about) the high road.
Coz does not like taking the high road.

Impossible! I exclaimed. 
It was not really impossible.

Alabama's funding comes primarily from the national LSC, with other funds coming from federal and private grants, the Alabama State Bar Interest on Lawyers Trust Accounts program and private donations.
One wealthy businessman donated over $50,000 to Alabama's funding last year.

Use of the designbuild approach for project delivery is growing dramatically in both public and private organizations; NAVFAC, GSA, and USPS have become particularly strong proponents of this approach, but not without controversy.
Other organizations using the designbuild method include NASA and Citibank.

Third, we would never allocate fact finding to 12 randomly selected individuals whose major qualification is that they know nothing about the matter in dispute.
They were curious about the findings.

to get involved in something like this because a lot of families think well you know i i i'll bring up the son mom and you bring up the daughters
we didn't want to raise our kids like that, though, because it's not as good for them

Only ash, and ruin, and rubble.
It burned and left piles of junk behind.

In the middle of the square there is an underground Visitors' Centre exhibiting a fascinating history of the town through excavations and lively display panels.
There's an above ground cafe within the Visitors' Centre exhibit.

of course if you decide you want to change the paper and you know you've got just about as much problem as
Changing the paper results in a big problem.

1.5 TEST ORGANISMS
Some organisms are used to test for environmental issues.

EPA has identified two types of small entities which could potentially be impacted by the  (1) small businesses involved in locomotive aftermarket parts production and locomotive remanufacturing and (2) small railroads.
The EPA is currently identifying a third type of small entity which could also be impacted, and it is also related to the locomotive industry.

where is he from in France
Does he born and raised in Paris?

Although borrowing from abroad helped finance additional investment, consumption rose more than domestic investment during the 1980s.
The idea was that by jump-starting investments, consumption would do the rest to stimulate the economy.

The provisions of section 405(e) of title IV of the Clean Air Act shall apply for purposes of this section in the same manner and to the same extent as such provision applies to the monitoring and data referred to in section 405.
All provisions are important and must be heeded. 

you cook them so often you kind of forget their names yeah yeah
I often forget the names of fruit.

yeah yeah our cats are our kids or  i we we got married a few months ago and i'm like well why can't Ashley be at the wedding
Ashley is a very snuggly cat.

The Committee expects LSC to review the State planning process and the concerns raised, and report back to the Committee by no later than September 4, 200110, with a proposal that articulates the reconfiguration standards and process for States to appeal LSC's decisions.
LSC will review the State planning process and the concerns raised.

The ground floor dates from 1467, and the beautifully sculpted wooden facade of the superstructure from 1589.
It took seven men to sculpt the wooden facade of the superstructure.

People here love to socialize, and they get together in hundreds of pubs, each with its own character.
There are over 40 pubs all with their own unique qualities.

It would be relegated largely to after the fact audits as opposed to its current pre-approved role.
It would be related to audits done after budget is already set.

I'm not even standing, said Adrin.
Adrin was laying down.

In the middle of the 19th century, it fell victim to the urban planning of Baron Haussmann.
Baron Haussmann's urban planning attempts were hated by the French people.

He slowed, drifting along the perimeter of the group of men, and still nobody paid him any attention.
He was ducked low against the ground as he moved around the perimeter. 

OSI also utilizes GAO's FraudNET, an automated system that affords the public an opportunity to report allegations of fraud, waste, abuse, and mismanagement of federal funds.
OSI uses FraudNET to report mismanagement of federal money by civilians.

and i know i have a bunch of younger brothers and sisters and i know it was hard for me as well as it was for them to to actually sit down because she doesn't like doing things that the younger kids like doing
I have two younger brothers.

And in my head, I started to swear.
I wasn't allowed to swear, and I avoided doing so out loud, but my head began to fill with words I wasn't allowed to let out of the confinements of my mind.

6, Elements of Financial Statements, and Kohler's Dictionary for Accountants.)
Elements of Financial Statements likely doesn't cover much of the same material that Kohler's Dictionary for Accountants does

Naturally, the Library of America edition also contains, hidden here and there in impossible-to-find locations, a number of solemn and stirring documents of state--for instance, the reply, genuinely dear to my own multiculturally American Jewish heart, that Washington made, as president, to a letter from the Hebrew Congregation of Newport, R.I.
The Library of America edition has a number of documents and letters that can't be found anywhere else.

Le Nozze di Figaro , Metropolitan Opera, New York City.
Le Nozze di Figaro is one of the Metropolitan Opera's most critically acclaimed productions.

Behind the fallen Sword stood one of the red lotus assassins.
The assassin was hiding behind the sword.

no there's not nobody can take care of your kids better than you
your kids are very healthy and well mannered all the same

Rockin' Jay  Responding to a question about Frank Sinatra's impact on popular culture, Jay Carney announces that Guided by Voices, the Dayton, Ohio, riff-rockers, are his favorite band.
Jay Carney prefers them because they embody everything his favorite genre is supposed to stand for.

Had she been more aware of the despair of the Depression, she might have been more understanding of Franklin Roosevelt.
She was not very understanding of Roosevelt.

Similarly, when two men hold hands in Texas, all our suspicions are confirmed.
It's harder to confirm our suspicions when men hold hands in California.

It's useless to apply for a special permit to bring your car, which is pretty much impossible (and unnecessary) during high season anyway.
Having a car would be helpful.

They may take no more than two hours to complete the assignment.
Everyone should be able to finish within two hours.

Don't stop the research.
Don't stop the research into dolphin mating.

and you were paying for really high quality care
You ended up in poverty because of the payments for very good quality care.

By allowing the local pride of such historic regions as Provence, Normandy, Brittany, and Langue?­doc to reassert itself, France demonstrated that it was at last secure in its national identity ' so secure that French citizens even began carrying European passports.
Had France opted not to let local pride to reassert itself, regionalism could have led to secessionism. 

These case studies were intended initially as stand-alone assessments of the programs but were brought together to learn about the effectiveness of the evaluations themselves in the context of educational programs (Searle, 1985).
Three were many assessments made independent of one another.

well i i i don't think the problem so much is abuse i think the problem is is just the government is trying to do too much um i mean who where does it say that the government's supposed to be the one to take care of all of the people that are homeless or hungry or et cetera et cetera and and where does it say that that if someone is short that they can go to the government and and get a handout
Welfare reform is badly needed.

Slate .) But distinguishing between the two markets undermines Microsoft's thesis that IE and Windows are integrated.
It's bad for Microsoft to have two separate products so they had to combine them.

The Ptolemaic Period
The Polemaic Period ended after the Mezoic Period.

but we dug a hole about six times as big as it needs to be and filled it with all kinds of compost and pine needles and everything else we could think of hopefully it'll drain this year
We dug the hole in the forest.

no i'm in San Antonio
No, I'm in San Antonio right now, I'll leave on friday

Finally, the last row, labeled Total is devoted to total First-Class Mail.
The first row is labeled Name.  

In no more than 15 to 20 minutes, fair skin can be painfully broiled, even in the shade of a coconut tree.
Coconut trees offer no protection against the sun's rays because of the reflective nature of the sand.

The remains of the Byzantine kastro can also be explored.
People come from all around the world to visit the remains of the Byzantine kastro.

that's what everybody has said because once you get out and make that money it's so hard to get back into it
Waiting for the perfect time to get back in usually helps make more money.

Grandpa, that's a lie!
Grandpa may actually be telling the truth, I am just ignorant to what he is talking about.

i know people they are out of school for two or three years and they have a job that has nothing to do
It was easy for the people I know to find a job, finding one within their first year.

A'deem's horselord was neither cheap nor pleasant.
A'deem's horselord was good at what he did.

In order to review an acquisition that is using prototypes, the auditor should determine what regulations or guidance the agency has to define a prototyping methodology.
The auditor needs to check within one week if the prototyping methodology is correct before deciding on the acquisition.

Corridors lead from here to the various wings of the museum.
The corridors are located three stories underground.

According to a DOD official, the classes have been well received.
The DOD official had not personally taken these classes.

The distance between delivery points in France is much smaller than in the U.S. and, consequently, the modes of delivery are very different, as can be seen in Table 1.
France uses ground shipping while the US uses air mail.

EPA submitted the information collection request to OMB, which has not yet approved it.
EPA's information collection request will be approved by the OMB soon.

Services also operate down the west coast to Rennes, Bordeaux, and the Pyrenees.
Service also goes all the way to Biarritz.

Sometimes, I feel sure he is as mad as a hatter; and then, just as he is at his maddest, I find there is method in his madness."
His madness reveals the genius and mastermind within.

His face, clean-shaven and exquisitely mobile, was stamped with an expression of power and force far beyond the ordinary.
His clean-shaven face, while stamped with an extraordinary expression of power and force, also contained a hint of softness.

That's how it was that time, too:
It is a good thing that it remained the same. 

Why so much money?
Why does it cost $5000?

First, a very frequent application is the examination of a situation of unique interest, such as Three Mile Island, the Challenger disaster, or allegations concerning funding for a specific presidential campaign.
Campaign funding for Ronald Reagan's re-election bid is one of the situations that could be examined.

In the New York Times Book Review Thomas Mallon faults Lidie Newton for dutiful caricatures of white degeneracy and black nobility ...
Mallon writes for the New York Times Book Review each Monday.

In addition, the team should not commit to making conclusions or recommendations based on the data unless the team expects to be satisfied with the data reliability.
Unreliable data will lead the team to a conclusion that is actually wrong. 

But judges, whose jobs depend on judicial procedures being impenetrable, convoluted, and self-contradictory, systematically conceal what they are thinking of when they use the phrase reasonable doubt.
Judges have very few responsibilities in their jobs.

Senate race in New York, but not before he had had a conversation with Johnson in which he admitted his own insecurities about making the race.
The man might have gained confidence after talking to Johnson about the race.

Converted from a 13th-century convent of Dominican nuns, the Mus??e d'Unterlinden provides a perfect setting in which to view one of the world's undisputed masterpieces of religious art, Matthias Gr??newald's awe-inspiring Isenheim altarpiece.
The Musee d'Unterlinden was once a convent in which more than a hundred nuns resided. 

The Cumberland Pencil Factory, a leading producer of pencils in the world, would appear to have little to offer the visitor, but the Pencil Museum provides fascinating insights into the history of pencil production in the area.
Everyone who goes there enjoys the Cumberland Pencil Factory.

The war lasted three years; perhaps one million Spaniards lost their lives.
Many more would have died if the war continued.

my uh my taxes exceed my mortgage payment
My taxes are more than $1000 a month!

The cathedral's 750 stained-glass windows are sublimely restrained, but Tomes bronze, marble, and jasper ensemble of color, shape, and symbolism is startling, and, daring as it is, much criticized.
Tomes created art that shocked people and made them think.

 "There is a ring of protection around your camp," Nema explained.
The camp could not be entered by any enemy.

i've talked to i don't think they were students one i think worked at a university university um and the furthest away i've talked to someone has been New York
I used to work at the same university when I was a student.

what oh yeah it it still is your responsibility
There's no way to shed your liability.

Some of the homes have their own built-in baking ovens, which are still used daily.
The built-in baking ovens are perfect for making delicious homemade bread.

For now we have to set the precedent that presidents of the United States should so behave themselves as to merit the confidence of the world.
In the past to present, the United States has had several presidents with questionable integrity and bad conduct. 

I couldn't help waving back.
It felt a little weird, but I waved back.

It has one side screening out the summer heat while the other is open to the cooler breezes.
The sides are used to manage the climate.

sometimes i think i am going crazy trying to do it but
I worry about what people will think of me if I try to do it.

and uh i just i heard a comment on the radio this morning that uh you know it it gets to a point where uh if enough people are are going to be slaughtered over there over the the the internal problems um somebody may step in again but uh i really think it's it's a UN issue
I think that we should pull out immediately.

Wilde scholars note his sex scandal is curiously evocative of Clinton' A spectacular public figure denies sexual indiscretion (in the face of overwhelming evidence) rather than risk challenging conventional morality.
There are public figures that deny sexual indiscretion even when there's video evidence. 

Opposite the modern art gallery is the Dean Gallery, occupying a fine Victorian mansion that was once an orphanage.
The orphans still live in the mansion and live among the Dean Gallery.

well been awfully nice talking with you
I talked to you for 30 minutes.

The Rat Pack originally Frank Sinatra, Dean Martin, Sammy Davis Jr. , Peter Lawford, and Joey Bishop, all in town to film Ocean's 11 landed at the Sands in January 1960 for a legendary stay.
The Rat pack decided to film oceans 11 because of a bet. 

i kind of think it was necessary i mean i i i i don't i'm not a a big um pure power hitter anyway i mean i don't like these guys that get up there and swing for the downs every time i mean uh i think that uh that a player ought to hit a home run if he's got the pitch to do it but when you get two strikes on you you have a tendency you know you should you know shorten your swing a little bit you know if it's a perfect shot go for it but i mean you know the strike outs were a big problem for him and uh plus supposedly what i heard he was not much of a team player anyway so
He had many strike outs during last season.

To bring integrity and decency to the process and to serve for the right reason, which is country above self.
They were humbled to serve their county.

Gentilello suggested that the salaries of full-time employees could provide cost data and blood alcohol tests and admission rates could provide effectiveness data.
Gentilello said the salaries could give cost data if executives were willing to share it.

When she entered the target data (soup) and references (Robi Appetizer) the device spoke to her in that beloved voice of the Polish cuisine's most famous:
The device was a very advanced machine for its' time, and it was rare to ever see one, unless you were rich.

But ”but I thought you thought so too? Poirot gave me one look, which conveyed a wondering pity, and his full sense of the utter absurdity of such an idea. 
It seemed to make so much sense until I heard his ideas.

They sit up against several other shacks that make up blocks of properties (or  yards ).
They sit up against the shacks because it offers shade in hot weather.

Australia and New Zealand prepared and adopted a joint standard 7on risk management, to provide a cultural framework for managing risk.
Australia and New Zealand spent four months in preparation.

uh right yeah uh got to counting the other day and uh i think i have what was it two hundred and i got to thinking the money that i've got invested in this
I've got two hundred dollars invested in this.

They may not be friendly.
They look like they might be angry.

The last inmate to stand up wins.
This is a common game played in jails.

for the dorm and who decides what you do with it
I think I know who decides what you do with it.

The excellent, upscale department store Brown Thomas is also on Grafton Street.
Brown Thomas is a wonderful place to shop and is located on Grafton Street.

This captivating building was the confraternity guildhall of the wealthy schiavoni merchants who commissioned Vittore Carpaccio (whose parents belonged to the community) to decorate their hall.
The building is over 400 years old.

I guess there's nothing complicated about this deal, he remarked.
There were complications on the other end of the deal, the side that wasn't his.

As they passed the third floor landing a young clerk came out of an office.
A young clerk jumped out of his office as they walked by.

That's why they have to be used correctly,' she said.
She did not want to see them get hurt.

The Kentuckian was sure of only one thing right now, he was not going to enter a town or a stretch of country where Hunt Rennie was the big man, and claim to be Rennie's unknown son.
The Kentuckian was afraid of Hunt Rennie.  

When I returned with her, however, the boudoir was empty. 
Someone stole from her. 

Regular Sunday reviewers, on the model of Cyril Connolly, the longtime critic for the Sunday Times , become trusted guides.
Cyril Connolly wrote for the Sunday Times for over thirty years.

Does he? 
Indeed it's true.

The backlash against the Ken Burns documentary machine kicks into high gear.
Ken Burns offensive documentary resulted in a strong backlash.

Labor Input Economic growth is partly dependent on how much labor is employed.
Higher employment is better for the economy.

uh the last trial i sat on at the end of the session the prosecuting attorney called us into a private room and more or less instructed us to find her not guilty because even though they knew and they proved that she had set fire to her car in order to collect the insurance money that would we find her guilty she would simply flee the state and avoid any prosecution of any kind whatsoever which we did find her guilty against his instruction and she did flee the state
The prosecutor coerced us into a decision.

Today's Papers thinks this cries out for a new parlor  Two random media businesses are named and contestants vie to connect them corporately in the fewest steps.
Today's Papers thinks there is a need for a new parlor at the university.

In jail at the same time, for  incitement to rebellion,  was Congress Party member Jawaharlal Nehru, who was British-educated but also a Brahman intellectual, as his honorary title of Pandit suggested.
Jawaharlal Nehru was educated in Britain, but was not a Brahman intellectual.

GDP is the output of goods and services produced by labor and property located in the United States, while GNP is the output of goods and services produced by labor and property supplied by U.S. residents, regardless of where they are located.
The differences between GDP and GNP are usually negligible from a macro-economic perspective.

I suddenly felt very self-conscious of my pudginess.
Everyone around me was very skinny and I was self conscious.

Afraid to leave the project, to cross into another
Leaving the project would introduce financial instability.

Like the sculptures on the temples, the eloquence of dance is a means of transmitting the messages of the holy scriptures and adventures of the great Hindu epics to its listeners.
Dance is a form of art no lesser than sculpting.

This decision point coincides with the companies' need to increase investments in the product development and continue to the next phase.
The companies' need to increase investments in product development is what spurned this decision.

Oh, unbelieving one! Tuppence wrenched open her bag.
Tuppence had a wonderful thing inside the bag.

In the final two rooms of the exhibition, you see Pollock, who was suffering from depression and had relapsed into alcoholism, struggling to regain a gift that had vanished as swiftly as it had arrived.
The final two rooms of the exhibition displayed four artists' work.

(Just because they carry it, of course, doesn't mean they actually play it five times a week.)
They play it three times a week.

I know the Old Man hasn't contracted for anything but gettin' rid of that Pinto stud.
The old man was supposed to contract for 20 different things but he hasn't. 

Sham En Nessim ' the National Spring Festival, held the first Monday after Coptic Easter, when the whole population comes out to celebrate.
The National Spring Festival is the only celebration of its kind, and you can't see it anywhere else in the world.

LSC grantees seek to increase visibility in the client community in several situations - for example, when launching new services (for example, a toll-free phone hotline), trying to reach special-needs populations (the elderly, homeless people, families reaching the end of their eligibility period for welfare, people in non-English speaking communities) or expanding services into hard-to-serve communities (for example, to small towns far from legal aid offices).
LSC grantees seek to increase visibility in the community for special-needs populations because they are kind and caring.

Intragovernmental sales of goods and services by a fund other than a revolving fund.
We need to find a new way to fund the system.

In the original book, one of the most striking incidents involves Reich's talk before a roomful of National Association of Manufacturers executives and lobbyists, allegedly all male and smoking cigars (straight from central casting).
Reich's all male audience was indicative of the rampant sexism of the era. 

well i felt a little guilty but not much when uh Robin Yount won the MVP instead of Sierra
I really wanted Sierra to win the MVP.

The ropes were made using the new revolutionary SkySafe technology, whatever that meant, but which had one major fault - their colors were fine for beginners parachuting from jump towers, and the director had already completed his first real jump.
The ropes were made using the new revolutionary technology and fiber.

Such was clearly the case in connection with certain recent business failures.
Recent business failures are a concern. 

The other takes about three hours and involves a pretty steep climb along the way to 25 Fontes ( 25 Springs ) as the name suggests, a verdant and water-filled spot.
Taking the cable car is faster, but you can also take a steep climb to 25 Fontes. 

Take him into the other room. For five minutes, Tommy sat on the bed in the dingy room next door.
For five minutes, Tommy waited, wondering what was going to happen to him.

The lion helmed man raised his axe high, red sunlight gleaming on the tip of the broad head.
The man planned to kill someone with his axe. 

Stock Market Wealth and Consumer Spending, Finance and Economics Discussion Series Paper No.
Economic indicators on the stock market and consumer spending are included in the paper.

The spear snapped in half.
The weapon was made of frail materials.

Case hired George Vradenburg, a high-powered lobbyist, to represent AOL on the Hill.
With George Vradenburg representing AOL on the Hill, AOL will most likely win the case.

Given wine's weight and bulk, it's often best to wait until the duty-free shop at the airport.
You may have up to three gallons of wine and avoid customs.

I watched with mild disgust as he greedily (not to mention messily) tucked in.
He tucked in messily his shirt tails. 

Since 1947, Cetercians have taken over from the Carthusian monks living in an adjoining cloistered wing, but continue to manufacture Certosa's well-known Chartreuse liqueur and herbal soaps in an adjoining shop.
The world renown liqueur is created by distilling the apples grown in the cloisters orchard. 

oh well yeah yeah well really it uh the the letter just says um
I wish I had gotten more information on the letter.

Hong Kong has some of the most luxurious hotels in the world, with representatives from all the major international chains.
Hong Kong has many luxurious hotels that are all 5 stars.

It is also an area favored by backpackers lured by cheap hotels and restaurants and the chance of purchasing discounted air tickets.
Rich tourists usually avoid the area because they think it's for the poor.

Even so--  He reached out in a sudden need for company.
The man was lonely after losing his wife.

The Supreme Court has never ruled on FISA, and it did not overturn a McCarthy-era statute which, like the removal court, was used to deport noncriminal aliens based on their political affiliations.
The Supreme Court did not overturn a statue from the 1950s McCarthy era.

uh The Ninja is of course The Ninja and the Michael are you know one and two of the volumes and then he went off and wrote uh The Gem Zero and The French Kiss and several others and The White Ninja has just hit paperback i understand
I am planning on getting a paperback copy of The White Ninja.

Even if you handle it right, you still don't want this kind of thing out there, argued Susan Estrich on Fox News Sunday . There's some people who only hear a piece of it and say to themselves, is something wrong with John McCain?
John McCain is controversial and believes in controversial ideas.

The Booker, and all the laurels, are about my past, not my future, says this ace of the apothegm.
All of these laurels talk about past experiences dealing with romance.

The number of individuals seeking relief from the floods across South Texas increased by more than 1,000 Tuesday, bringing the total to 5,855, he said.
Almost 6,000 people lost their homes in Texas

it's a smooth running quiet car i i just i don't know why well perhaps the the retooling cost were probably prohibitive to most companies you know
They are not concerned about customers having quiet cars.

It's no wonder that Robert McKee, the spiritual father of something like Rounders , reserves a special place in hell for Welles and Citizen Kane , in which the exhibitionistic auteur incessantly upstages his own narrative.
Rounders, while deserving of its own place in cinematic history, does not hold the same significance as Citizen Kane.

don't you know i don't let them carry over you know i uh
Letting them carry over will certainly mean that I will overpay.

The superficial  The even split of many of his assets vindicates her argument and bodes well for corporate wives.
The assets were split and that reinforces her argument to make the divorce move forward quickly. 

They videotape anything that moves and much that doesn't.
Anything that moves and as well as anything that does not move are videotaped in order to provide a complete surveillance.

well okay Verna yeah well i'm in my office and i have someone here with me and uh it's really been a pleasure i enjoyed it and uh if you ever get to New England look me up
I'm busy with a client Verna so please just wait a moment.

but i don't and none of my
I don't, but he does

Newsweek also runs an essay from Clinton-loyalist-cum-moralist George Stephanopoulos, who urges the prez to come clean.
Even George Stephanopoulos wanted to know the truth.

Just for a moment I had a premonition of approaching evil. 
I often get premonitions. 

William the Conqueror set sail for England in 1066 from this small fishing port at the mouth of the Somme.
The Somme River is renowned for its mussels and clams.

It was only a breath.
It was only a breath, but it was a long breath.

almost any large city in the United States and the driver barely speaks English
The driver is an immigrant.

How do you know so much?  
You seem to know your stuff.

so i i don't think they are too
Things haven't changed much and i don't think they will now.

4.1 Continuous Discharges
The continuous discharges have many different stipulations. 

and that's uh that i can honestly see the peer pressure there
It I easy for the young ones to succumb to peer pressure in school.

oh God here it's like it's like a dollar five yeah
The liter of oil over here in Miami is about 1 dollar and 5 cents.

Grandpa Thaddeus had the same condition, and that was back in the days of cloth diapers,' Bennicito's father tried to cheer himself up.
Bennecito's father was worried about his own medical condition.

Considering the centralized or decentralized nature of the enterprise helps determine the corporate CIOas authority level and how the CIO shares responsibility with other managers across the agency.
Manager responsibility should be evaluated by outside consultants annually.

Although the novelist might be able to render well all sorts of facts and dates and general furniture, she could never truthfully render the old consciousness.
Her novels were not very popular because of her shortcomings.

Ca'daan of Fena Dim, said Ca'daan.
Ca'daan wasn't actually from Fena Dim.

that's what kind of fondue the cheese dip or
Not all cheese dips are fondue. 

The consequences are never pretty, which is what's so troubling about the ever rising stock market, the booming junk-bond market, and the real estate boom.
The rise of the stock market is troubling to a great deal of people.

The villages have been lovingly restored.
The funds to repair the village were provided by an anonymous patron.

Otherwise there was nothing strange, they said.
Other than what had happened earlier that was uniquely strange at the gala last night, nothing seemed quite out of the ordinary, really.

Plates of iron reinforced leather guarded his left shoulder.
His shoulder was armored by a plate of iron coated with leather.

Internally, LSC staff worked aggressively to calibrate units within the Programs Division so that every programmatic effort advanced the creation of high-quality delivery systems.
The LSC staff worked to calibrate the units in the division, which took them about a full year.

He would save his town or die fighting.
He was determined to save the town from the disease. 

11As noted in section 3, simulations are illustrative and do not represent forecasts.
simulations are illustrative and do not tell the truth 100% of the time

Chapter headings in Wendy Shalit's new book, When Modesty Fails .-- Ananda Gupta
When Modesty Fails is Wendy Shalit's highest selling book.

Then came the Caribs, and the tranquility was shattered.
Before the Caribs came, the French reigned. 

3) Coming from India and Pakistan, that's nothing to sneeze at.
There is much to sneeze at from the West Indies however.

The Darwinian advantage of having a shorter head, if any, remains unknown.
Only 25% of the population has a shorter head. 

It also reports that no comments were submitted in response.
Nobody submitted a comment in response because they were pleased.

that that i see their theory is that if i'm surrounded and i'm going to be caught i'm going to try to pry my way through and they're not going to take me alive
Their theory on survival makes sense.

yeah thanks a lot you y'all work at TI you you do okay oh really wow that's interesting i work in the wafer in the wafer fabrication in
That's fascinating that we are in the same industry.

The agreement also provides for continuous improvement in IRS operations in part by providing employees the authority, resources, and other inputs they need to effect changes and to be accountable for performing effectively, and provides for NTEU participation in various forums, such as business process improvement teams and cross-unit committees.
Almost nobody makes use of these many tools because they are ineffective.

Below, a string of green torches began snaking its way up the hills.
Angry villagers with torches were coming up the hills.

The man seemed changed in other ways, too.
The man seemed changed mentally as well as physically.

The new religion of India is of course modernization, and young, upwardly mobile professionals are everywhere.
There are a lot less of old people now in India.

Jon greeted him and began to speak.
Jon has the ability to speak.

Rather than defend religious dogma, they poke holes in evolutionary dogma, scrutinizing the theory's missing links and the mathematical probability of the emergence of complex life.
Their approach does nothing to support religious dogma, and does not do much to discredit evolutionary theory.

To assess the finance organization's current role in meeting mission objectives, agency CFOs and senior finance executives 
The finance organization has met all mission objectives.

yeah i love to just lay back on the couch and and turn a good good instrumental on and just close my eyes and listen
I like to listen to songs with only instruments on my couch in the evenings.

Founded in 1960 with Swiss assistance for Tibetan refugees, this center makes and sells carpets.
The center that was founded in 1960 with Swiss assistance for Tibetan refugees, makes and sells carpets to India.

Was it to stop that denunciation that the crime had been committed? 
It was a question of who knew about the denunciation and if they acted.

And then in 1937, with the popular support of ultra-right-wing groups, the army overrode parliamentary resistance in Tokyo and went to war against the Chinese Nationalists.
This murders committed by the Chinese Nationalists were the last straw.

No, it'll be a grudge match between Reeves and Broncos coach Mike Shanahan, whom Reeves fired as the Broncos' offensive coordinator years ago for insubordination.
The match will be more than just the sport.

It was here that the Royal Botanic Garden was moved in 1823 from a location not far from the Abbey of Holyrood.
It was easy to move the Royal Botanic Garden since it was so small.

Wakakusa after sunset, creating one of the year's most photographed spectacles, visible from miles around.
Wakakusa after sunset is visible from miles around because it is very large.

That evening he and Albert once more penetrated the grounds of Astley Priors.
He and Albert were skilled at sneaking onto properties like Astley Priors.

In Arkansas, Kentucky, and Texas the H-2A visa generally will be for two to three months.
Other states have shorter visas.

yep i guess you can
I guess you can because I have no choice. 

Even macarrones de San Juan turn out to be noodles cooked in sweetened milk flavoured with cinnamon.
macarrones de San Juan is a regional dish that is eaten daily. 

Upstairs rooms are reserved for exhibitions.
Exhibitions for new artists can be held upstairs.

uh movies oh uh it costs you six fifty to go to a movie each a piece to go to uh a movie unless you catch a good matinee
Matinees are much cheaper. 

oh does she now do you guys like to go out for sort of fine dining or are you more uh
Do you guys like eating really high end Italian food.

what what are you saying oh uh my husband says i might buy it but i i don't really usually consider that an option
It's inconvenient to have to manage which one of us bought what. 

yeah yeah i do i've lived in in the Dallas area here since i was like four so uh it's i don't know rural an urban area i guess whatever i don't know what i'm
I've lived in the rural areas of Dallas since I was young.

The waters of the Algarve provide some of the best big-game fishing in Europe.
Algarve in Portugal is known for its amazing fishing and great seafood.

Across the courtyard is the magnificently decorated Pa?ζilion of the Holy Mantle, which houses sacred relics of the Prophet Mohammed, and is therefore a place of great religious importance for Muslims.
The Pavilion of the Holy Mantle has no Christian artifacts.  

It quickly became a leading pilgrimage site, attracting devout Buddhists from many Eastern regions including Japan, China, and Southeast Asia as it still does today.
It attracted pilgrims because they thought it would make them a better person.

i've painted uh like i said both interior and exterior myself uh not a lot of exterior but uh i've painted you know rooms and ceilings inside and you know and i usually find it uh pretty easy and and it's cheaper than hiring somebody else to do it
I prefer painting my own house instead of hiring someone. 

involved in the design phase and a construction contractor in the
Contractor should be involved 

San'doro stood firm.
San'doro stood defiantly.

Robert Magnanini, counsel at Latham  and  Watkins, worries that a grant of injunctive relief could hold up LSC funding for Bergen and Hudson.
Bergen and Hudson need the LSC funding for their work.

MLAN includes four components
The parts are all the same size.

Lordy, Mister Kirby, that's sure somethin', it sure is!
Oh lordy I say, that shield is super sexy and amazing.

 "Faces!"  It fell onto the grass, distorted in death again.
The thud it made as it fell onto the grass could be heard from far away.

'Fair enough,' Greuze shrugged.
Greuze thought that the reason for firing him was legit. 

He frowned cruelly.
He was not happy with what he was seeing.

right oh i know it builds up really fast
The work has just been pouring in as of late.

As the tankards filled, they brought it to their lips and drank, letting it pour down their chins and chests.
The tankards were full of mead.

it's it's one of those slippery attorneys coming in here
it's one of those annoying attorneys coming in here

They even went to Buddhist temples to worship the feminine Kannon deities, which were resculpted holding a child to represent Mary and Jesus.
Worshipping the deities were the only reason people came to the Buddhist temples.

I want you to take a moment to look at this pie chart.
Study this pie chart for a few minutes and then answer my question.

But the thought of traveling without packing, except maybe for a tiny computer and a tiny camera, has a powerful charm of its own.
It is convenient to be able to travel with little luggage.

Jon had won that weeks ago, but respect as the leader of the coming battle.
Jon was the leader of the upcoming battle.

Yeah, you're the same one!
I could tell you are the same person with my eyes closed.

Rosenberg also points to one reason to think the HIV-negative gay male may actually live longer on average than the straight  Gays may have higher incomes and more education on average than straights--two factors powerfully correlated with longer life spans.
Rosenberg points to a reason that HIV-negative may men live longer than average straight men, gays have higher income and more education on average and healthier lifestyles.

I'm doin' th' sayin' of what goes on, on my own property.
I don't let people do anything like that on my property.

She smiled at her own foolishness then looked up with a start to find Sir James watching her.
She knew she had made a grave mistake, but she just smiled at the thought.

Sam's not going to suit up for service in the Gulf, now or ever.
Sam will never suit up for service in the Gulf, said his mother.

The chapters of this audit guide focus on logically distinct steps of the acquisition process, as described on page 10 of GAO's acquisition model.
GAO's acquisition model is the standard for auditing. 

i watch the MacNeil Lehrer news hour and i subscribe to the paper on the weekends
A weekend subscription to the paper is reasonably priced.

Two thousand Soviet engineers arrived to help with the mammoth project to stem the annual floods that plagued the country, and provide hydroelectricity to power a growth in industry.
The annual floods that plague the country are mostly due to poor infrastructural decisions made during the country's initial development.

It might take a little bit of humility to take those kinds of cases.
Humility is a virtue every good lawyer should have.

all right okay i believe we have
I think we might have.

After the Madness reads like going to court feels.
"After the Madness" is tedious and boring.

hIncluded as expense in calculating net cost.
Expenses rose in 2000.

In Rome, the dissolute popes repeatedly switched factions for temporary advantage and lost all political and moral authority in the process.
In Rome. the behavior of the popes was not always like that.

The man's right arm had been broken and completely twisted around.
The man's arm needed to be amputated.

It is important that you try this out yourself, so please do it before continuing.
Continuing without trying it will lead to a failure to understand the main points.

Around the island, Lesvos offers wonderful impressions of Greek village life.
Lesvos's villages showcase Greek traditions of yogurt-making, milking goats, and sewing garments.

I was so-o-o excited, the widow and former duplex dweller said of the purchase of her first home, a sagging frame structure on Snowden. 
They purchased their home for well below the market value.

No matter what path firms take to offer more help, Indianapolis still has a long way to go to meet the need, Floreancig said.
Indianapolis hasn't met the need yet, since 700 people are underserved.

He grunted as the horse pulled again.
The horse was pulling on the reins as hard as he could.

Maybe only 50 are true.
Half are true. 

Telecommuting has made long hours easier and may be contributing to productivity gains.
Telecommuting is the way of the future.

The techniques and approaches shared a common focus of improving the internal control systems over the problem areas and generally included actions in five areas-control environment, risk assessment, control activities, information and communications, and monitoring.
These approaches are failsafe and will make the controls marginally better. 

'Busy busy,' I shrugged.
I moved my shoulders until they reached my ears.

The highest course in the country is at Darjeeling.
There are no higher courses than at Darjeeling.

Newsweek 's 21 page Frank Sinatra cover package routs Time 's.
Time's cover package would have been better with more interviews. 

His pride in the colt had been pushing him toward such a trial ever since he had heard Fenner speak of Oro.
Fenner spoke of Oro because he plans to put his bets on it.

I was widowed when I was 47 and have been on my own for five years.
The last five years have been extremely lonely and soul sapping. 

As the black-shirted Fasci Italiani di Combattimento (Italian combat groups) beat up Slavs in Trieste and union workers in Bologna, Mussolini filled the bill.
The Slavs unified to challenge Mussolini's aggression.

HCFA also determined that the rule could have a significant impact on other classes of hospitals as well.
Financially, it will cost a lot for hospitals to comply with the rule.

If he were arrested, he probably would speak, but I do not want it to come to that. 
He would admit guilt under oath. 

Shortly afterwards a nurse arrived to take charge, and the other left the ill-omened building.
The building is ill-omened because it is filled with vampires.

because it's far more advantageous for them to sit there and just draw uh welfare money than it is to work uh we did a uh a cost comparison in one of my courses and we took all the benefits that a family that a a married couple with two kids would get under welfare and what they would be making at minimum wage and they came out four thousand dollars better a year by taking welfare
They cannot survive on minimum wage because it hasn't been adjusted since the 20s.

I considered.
I thought about what he had offered me.

He's obviously spending too much time online.
He spends too much time because he watches a lot of pornography.

He had even been able to pass his hand and arm completely through the sample.
The sample was a very delicate web of spider silk.

i mean with Eastern Europe falling apart and their whole economic system falling apart they can that that we need to take real advantage of that
Eastern Europe should be desperate for consumer goods, so we should profit handsomely.

I'm goin' over to pick him up a new outfit at Stein's.
All his clothes are old now, and he needs to look fancy for the wedding.

 He located one man who seemed a little brighter than the others.
He picked up one man who was wearing spectacles.

There's no need for you to blame yourself.
You had to make a choice.

I think we're going to find some other things.
I think we'll see other things out about the President.

Anyway, what causes indifference to politics today is not drugs but politics, which seems less and less relevant to our lives.
Politics seem less relevant to our lives because the political class is an elite one.

it's like a mystery uh theater uh that you you know you eat dinner and all through dinner they're they're doing this act and they they get supposedly get the audience involved in it and everything and that that sounds like that would be hilarious you know
they ask audience members to come on stage

uh the the gas station i didn't know this but the gas station if they reject your car uh they put an x on your inspection sticker and and uh you have to go back to that same station to get it inspected
They usually pass you on the second time.

During her lifetime, 69 30 b.c. , the infamous queen attempted to link her land to Rome through her liaison with Julius Caesar.
The infamous queen was deeply in love with Julius Caesar.

uh realistically realistically i yes i don't see the the Panama Canal that hasn't had a whole lot of usefulness to us recently since it's not not really big enough to uh accommodate the the shipping that it once did and uh maybe it would be better that we let the Panamanians run it however i think we're certainly justified in uh our actions dealing with uh Noriega in this
In order to make the Panama Canal useful again, reconstruction would have to be done to the canal to accommodate for large shipments.

The doctor looked at them all curiously.
The doctor looked at their scars with curiosity.

Reaganism is reprised, with a reference to a $100 billion tax cut--but the tax cut is Clinton's.
Reaganism was brought up again in the news for a tax cut that wasn't even his, although Reagan did have a say in the tax cut, as some are lead to believe. 

Then one of the nurses was a crook and listened at the door.
One of the nurse was actually a spy, listening for information to pass on to her contact.

okay have we have we been on for a long enough time
I have a busy day, so I'm ending the call.

To explore its fascinating subterranean sights, start with the Whity Umeda, under the Hankyu and Hanshin buildings, then move on to Herbis Plaza but don't expect to see daylight again for some time.
Whity Umeda is a very tourist-friendly attraction where you can explore the local culture.

No wonder the two beside him had died from overwork, beatings and plain starvation.
He could see that the other two had died a painful death.

Here the remains of a massive Venetian fortress destroyed by invading Ottoman forces can be found.
The fortress was mostly destroyed and not occupied by the Ottoman afterwards.

The bottom line?
There is a point?

you know and it's it's crazy they're just putting more giving more paper work problems to the honest citizen and and you know because uh a person whose gonna use a gun for a crime he's he's not too concerned with the crime of not registering his gun
Honest citizens are annoyed by the paperwork.

A core group of kids do have a distinct attention abnormality, but Ritalin worked so well--it can reduce distractibility even in perfectly normal children--that now almost any difficult child is considered for the diagnosis and drug.
Ritalin made 80% people more attentive.

In addition, figures for 2000 showed that graduates had average credit card debt of around $2,750.
They wanted graduates to reduce their credit card debt before graduation.

By production, it strives to have all critical manufacturing processes for the product-including key suppliers' processes-in control with a Cpk index of at least 1.33.
The Cpk index is important to keep high as it's one of the standards key suppliers must maintain.

Pewter-work, in the form of goblets, clocks, tankards, wine carafes, trays, and salt- and pepper-shakers, is a luxury side-product of the tin industry.
Pewter-work items cost more.

Th' war ain't over; we jus' gotta keep on lickin' 'em.
The war never ends, and we must keep it up.

Others nominated titles whose silliness was revealed by time, public debunking, or both.
People who believe in conspiracies are considerably silly.

i don't know because you know they gave away a lot of their drafts
They gave away many of their draft picks to get a higher pick next year.

and so the i think Bush wanted to break up this other power thing and it looks real good but in the end i just see that ultimately who's going to be in charge of this one world order you know what i mean is is George Bush really any better than Saddam Hussein or does he just look better do you know what i'm saying i mean i think one person
George Bush is often the topic of conspiracy theories, especially the one world order.

Lalley, Carl Verspoor and Thomas Waalkes have been law partners since 1983, and together since 1974 when they were beginning lawyers with another firm. 
Lalley and Waalkes have been law partners since 1983 when they graduated from law school.

We walked, maybe, for half an hour.
We walked about a mile in that thirty minutes.  

When the average unit cost is graphed as a function of volume per capita one obtains a curve with a parabolic shape.
Average unit cost is easy to graph

uh things like that but i i do feel like companies are justified and i do feel like i i mean i i guess i hate as an individual that anything like this has ever become necessary in our you know in our nation but but i feel like that it's a good thing to do
I have no issue holding two logically incompatible opinions in order to please my corporate masters.

Local tourist offices and the ones at Caen and Bayeux can direct you to other museums and to the 27 Allied and German military cemeteries in the region.
Former Allied and German soldiers have often visited each other's cemeteries.

I wondered what it was that had brought that singular expression to his face. 
His expression betwixt me.

uh the only way it can change is um if if everybody bands together it's just like we need to get rid of these clowns that's serving in the office the only thing really that can be changed is for us to everybody to say we've had enough of you out you go but uh i don't see anything like that to occur unless everybody bands together to do that it has to be one common ideal goal for that to be done um i don't know it's it's still a a free i suppose country insofar as we're we're able to obtain information and i wouldn't be for total banning of uh all information or it's mostly the private information that we're all concerned about but it's it's hard to define
The people in office do not want the public to come together against them.

Within the cornerstone of results-oriented
In the cornerstone of results-oriented, continues the journalist,

Versailles is situated 24 km (15 miles) southwest of Paris, by road (N10); or by train from Gare St-Lazare to Versailles; or by RER (line C5) to Versailles-Rive Gauche; or by metro to Pont de Savres, then bus 171.
The cheapest method of getting to Versailles, from Paris, is via road.

'You claim to disagree with White, but your actual statements are almost identical.
You have the same thoughts as White but pretend that you don't agree with his political views.

Can a Sandshrew, a specialist in ground fighting, beat a water Pokemon like the Poliwhirl?
There will be a fighting contest between Sandshrews and water Pokemons.

Founded by the ancient Romans, the city has a proud soldiering history, giving the Venetian Republic a famous condottiere, Bartolomeo Colleoni, and the largest contingent in Garibaldi's 1,000 Red Shirts.
There are over 400 Red Shirts from the town.

But despite Nasser's humiliation, die-hards still cling to his legacy and excoriate those who dare doubt its ultimate triumph.
Nasser's legacy draws little support. 

With the exception of the lowest volume post (Poste Italiane) the model's predicted percentages are close to the actual percentages for delivery.
The model's predictions were only off by 5%.

You'll be able to explore the Military Museum and Carriage Museum during your tour, but do take time to visit the vantage points along the western wall for wonderful views down onto vast areas of the Cityel, left unused and now decaying, and panoramic views acroseCairo.
You will get a guided tour of the Military Museum, as well as the Carriage Museum.

Increased worker productivity, in turn, leads to higher real wages and greater economic growth over the long term.
Higher worker productivity makes wages rise 25%.

The main entrance is through an inverted glass pyramid designed by American architect I.M.
The American architect I.M. is well known for having designed that inverted glass pyramid.

yeah it'd be nice if you could find someone oh uninfluenced by groups and and honest enough to find a way that would go over and then you'd have to find a way to make it work
Even someone who is honest and uninfluenced couldn't make it work. 

Where did it come from? I asked curiously. 
I received an answer immediately.

A piece predicts that microscopic sensors in everything from toilets to toothbrushes will provide automated checkups and enable physicians to consult with patients through the Web.
Web-based consultations are an option that's exciting to doctors and patients alike.

DOD's policy does not require a decision to move from system integration to system demonstration.
The policy is sound.

For Release on Delivery Expected at 10:00 a.m.
The recipient will need to sign to have their package delivered.

you know as an American citizen but i think uh the people that i've talked to as far as voting because i've worked you know in in trying to get people to vote when i was in the military i was a uh represented you know i represented people as far as voting and um from what i spoke speaking with people it was mainly that um they felt frustrated that their one vote wasn't going to do any good you know that um and and it was really hard to get across to them that it didn't matter you know it's a matter of that's your right you should go and do it you know and that your one vote can count when you get a whole lot of people if everybody says oh well my vote doesn't count you know then then what do you have you know
Being in the military, trying to get people to vote to be represented can be challenging.

While the choice of methods used to transmit the T&amp;A data may be based on costeffectiveness and management information needs, the system used to transmit the information must protect T&amp;A data from unauthorized change or alteration and must generate a record of any change made.
The system used to transmit the information is of extremely high intelligence

Maybe Kubrick would have made nothing but masterpieces if he'd put big Greek or Venetian masks on all his actors.
Kubrick had three films that are considered to be masterpieces.

There is a formula for New Yorker Talk of the Town pieces.
The formula for New Yorker Talk of the Town pieces is known only to its editors.

Madrid's pride, the Prado museum, is indisputably the world's greatest collection of Spanish paintings and one of the world's most prestigious museums.
Madrid's pride, the Prado museum, is indisputably the world's greatest collection of Spanish paintings because the King donated them all.

Unlike criminal court, where those accused have a constitutional right to a taxpayerfunded attorney, people facing civil matters either have to hire their own lawyer -- often at rates of more than $200 an hour -- or go it alone.
Some are scared to go to court with a lawyer.

very simple
Very simple job

Convinced that corporate largess and government programs barely dent the nation's legal needs, the law schools are urging graduates to buck tradition, pass up big salaries and ignore mushrooming student debt to join tiny neighborhood practices or simply start their own, all with an eye toward charging no more than their clients can afford.
Government programs do not adequately address the nation's legal needs.

Panic welled up in him.
He was terrified of the animals.

Junger is grimly precise about the mechanics of drowning, says Time 's John Skow.
Junger gives real examples of drowning victims' experiences.

More important, the problems created by this concurrent approach on individual programs can profoundly affect DOD's overall modernization plans.
The DOD's modernization plans include the development of self-driving cars.

yeah they they're not their prices aren't that terrific they they used to be but they've gotten they've got to pay for all that national advertising now
I preferred it when prices were lower, as that's more convenient to me. 

Considering the Results of Previous Audits
Analysing the Results of Previous Audits is the title of the report.

Evie! cried John. 
Evie! John called out to her.

It can be measured.
It's possible to measure it, with certain instruments.

simultaneously with process changes in federal agencies, increasing the importance of technology support in the design process.
The importance of technology support has been increased by 25%

Revenue is shown when it is recognized, and it is shown as transferred to others when the cash is disbursed or the property is delivered.
Revenue items are shown as transfers when the furniture is delivered to customers. 

He's making himself a positive role model for kids and displaying the leadership for which the American people are hungering.
Many Americans feel they need a stronger leader than they have currently.

The finance organization, for example, was producing too much data and not enough information.
Data and information differ significantly from the organization's perspective.

Once the designbuild contract has been awarded, changes to owner requirements will generally incur heavy penalties to the project cost and schedule.
During the construction phase changes in owner-related items add significant burdens.

The smallest of the major tobacco companies, the Liggett Group, agreed to a settlement with attorneys general from 22 states who had sued to recoup money spent on health care for smokers.
Alaska was one of the states that had sued to recoup money spent on health care for smokers.

Young and pure, it can still aspire to moral clarity.
It will achieve moral clarity.

A bargain mene del dia (menu of the day) is often proposed.
The menu of the day is generally great deals compared to regular menu items.

It has, in the words of UNITE's Michael Zucker, banged on workers' fears.
UNITED and Mr. Zucker are concerned about the working conditions of employees. 

that's right yeah some young people do some young people start families young and or maybe are responsible for their parents
Taking care of one's parents is a burden on young people.

Actually, it's run by the Mafia.
The Mafia is taking over businesses.

uh my wife has a sailboat so i wind up on the sailboat a lot in the summertime
the sailboat is pretty big, it can sleep 4 people

oh yeah yeah they're working they're out they're studying harder and they're working harder
They are devoted to what they do.

okay nice talking to you bye
I'm glad you called

In July and August there is a wonderful color combination of purple heather and yellow gorse.
The yellow gorse tends to bloom in early June but grows to maturity in August.

 The overseer raged back along the line and saw them.
The overseer knew where they were standing in the line.

i know i don't credit cards almost seem unfair to a person who's who's got a victim of impulse buying
It's really dangerous for people who buy extravagant things on impulse to have even one credit card.

The next room won't do, interrupted Julius.
Julius wanted to be near the windows so that he could observe what was happening.

The situation stabilized with Vespasian, and the second century A.D. is often considered the golden age of the empire (Gibbon himself says that the time of Marcus Aurelius--late second century--was the best time to live of all in history).
The time of Marcus Aurelius is claimed by Gibbon to be the best time to live of all in history because everyone in the empire had resources.

This is said to give the doctor-investors an incentive not only to cut corners (the traditional HMO complaint) but also to send poor patients to doctors outside the company while referring rich patients to doctors affiliated with the company.
Poor patients generally receive less medical care in other scenarios as well.

While I hope there's a follow-up planned, I realize the wise artist knows when to walk away.
Most artists will consider the follow-up before walking away.

Now, shortly we are expecting a Coronel Luis Oliveri who's to buy horses for the Juarez forces.
For sure, Coronel Luis Oliveri will want only the best horses.

and they're so pretty and you know
And they have so many wonderful colors.

Applying the Logic of Sample Surveys to Qualitative Case  The Case Cluster Method.
Applying logic to the case cluster method explains how sample surveys help get better data.

No doubt he will do better in his next book.
His most recent book was a commercial failure.

She had known nothing of the tragedy, until awakened by Mrs. Cavendish. 
She didn't know all those people had died.

'Apparently, when one has access to all the resources of Applied, building a series of highly destructive bombs becomes depressingly easy,' Greuze deadpanned.
Greuze was not happy that Applied could build bombs.

Mr. Alinksy instructs his readers to pick an issue, find an adversary and make it personal.
This is because they are more invested in it and will be better at their issue.

Well, ,  I considered. 
I thought about what he had said.

With the belief that one person cannot embody all the knowledge needed to effectively direct information technology and management in an organization, this executive uses an executive-level technology committee as a forum for building consensus for IT initiatives.
The technology committee includes the heads of various departments within the company.

uh normal uh you know
Normal quantity, you know

I'd touched a nerve.
Talking about the cult had gotten under his skin.

He was already under suspicion, and by making the matter public I secured the services of about ten amateur detectives, who would be watching him unceasingly, and being himself aware of their watchfulness he would not dare seek further to destroy the document. 
I hired around ten amateur detectives.

Also, the Board is concerned with the possibility of establishing requirements so detailed as to render the consolidated financial report unwieldy, unfriendly to the potential user and obfuscating of important information.
The Board worries about the possibility of establishing requirements, said the news.

But while currency speculation may have had disastrous impacts in some countries, in others letting the currency drop seems to have been just what the doctor ordered.
Currency speculation should be illegal.

It houses the sarcophagus of Mehmet I (ruled 1413 21), itself ornately decorated with patterned Iznik tiles.
Work on the sarcophagus began in 1418.

oh uh-huh yeah and sometimes the the local ones aren't as publicized it seems that uh they should be
I am organizing a foundation to address the advertising needs of local ones.

Another campy teen horror flick.
The movie is very popular because it is so scary.

Even though quantifiable data was lacking during most of 1998, LSC had sufficient information to begin taking actions to address the problems.
Data was lacking during 1998 because reporting requirements weren't yet in place.

did did you did you hear what Schwartzkopf had to say about uh Pete Arnett and uh the the news coverage
Did you hear the  news coverage and the horrible things Schwartzkopf said about Pete Arnett?

Reliability problems could arise as large amounts of capacity are taken out of service for extended periods of time to install the control equipment necessary to meet the emissions reduction requirements.
To mitigate this, shifts will be adjusted to work around the installation.

A joint venture!"
A mixed operation! 

yeah i got to stick to more sedate sports
Yes, stuff like golf or bowling, I think I should only play sports like that. 

I noticed you walked lame, interpolated Tuppence.
You had a broken foot thus you were limping.  

uh puts a whole yeah gets a whole new picture to what  real air pollution can be but uh that stuff going on over there what what uh what part of Pennsylvania are you in
Air pollution levels have declined in recent years, but it still irritates my lungs.

he's he's all right but they got uh uh what's his name i was going to mention Majkowski but he's a quarterback oh well i can't think of his name
I'll think of that guy's name if you give me a few minutes to think about it.

About 1.2 million homes tune in the NewsHour each night, while a combined total of 20.
No other nightly news show is consistently viewed more than NewsHour.

While Social Security provides a foundation for retirement income, pensions, income from accumulated assets, and current earnings largely determine which households will have the highest retirement incomes, as figure 1.5 shows.
Households in New York City have the highest retirement income.

An Inquisition-Style Massage
a very intense massage

The famed Harvard sociobiologist argues that all phenomena--art, economics, science--can be understood by studying the brain's neural pathways.
The Harvard sociologist says all phenomena can be understood by studying the brain in a cat scan.

you know very rarely do you receive one that has a real low interest rate they're always more expensive and they uh you know if you stay if you stay with a good one for the while you get a good credit rating and you get a good um a good credit line so you don't like to i don't like to bother with it yeah
If you build your credit you are more likely to get a good interest rate.

Now the practice has its own  a triple--a woman and her two men--whose child was taken away because of their unusual living arrangement.
The family had the child taken away because of their living arrangement that went against traditional social normsl.

What, now? 
What cold possibly happen now?

Apparently, for all those years the justices were just kidding around.
The justices have been pretending for all those years, but now it has become a news of public domain.

So head first for the tourist office on the huge Place Bellecour, in the middle of the Presqu'ile, the peninsula between the two rivers.
The tourist office is in the center of the Presqu'ile, at the top of the tower.

He fell back, his leg twisting at a wrong angle.
He was not being careful.

In cutting back on hiring of new staff in order to reduce the number of employees, agencies also reduced the influx of new people with the new competencies needed to sustain excellence.
Agencies are trying to set up programs that would bring back the influx of new people. 

i find that very annoying the uh mail stuff yeah you know it's kind of irritating but it's not nearly as obnoxious as the phone calls
It's because the phone calls are much more disruptive to your day.

Time also runs an essay by George Bush in which he claims that removing Saddam in 1991 would have upset the balance of power in the Middle East.
The Bush essay was published by Time in 1992.

Mr. Hastings, she said, "do you think I and my husband are happy together?" I was considerably taken aback, and murmured something about it's not being my business to think anything of the sort. 
Her tone of voice when she asked me whether I really thought she and her husband were happy together was very strange, and I thought she might start to cry.

um-hum  and i know when i spent the time that i've studied in Mexico uh since Spanish was one of my majors in college  that uh there was a kind of a lot of resentment there towards America
A lot of countries don't like America. 

My father has books about them.
My father was interested in them before.

Crete's pains were not yet over, however.
Crete would still suffer under the Roman boot.

If its terms were made public, it would mean disaster… .
The conditions of the contract were not very desirable, thus the public should not be made aware of them.

So can young Beresford, by his actions.
Beresford was 17 years old.

It protects one of the largest swathes of Royal Palm Jamaica's national plant left on the island.
There are a lot of plants left in Jamaica's national plant left on the island.

maybe one of these days i'll you know i'm kind of like you maybe one of these days i'll get around to it i'll do something with the piano but probably not
I will play something for you on the piano sometime soon.

'And how well did you yourself embody these values?'
Do you represent these values yourself, or do you just preach them and not follow through with them, as most people do?

The Naiku's layout and the construction of its Shoden are similar to those of the Geku, although the approach to the Naiku over the Uji Bridge across the Isuzu River is more picturesque.
The Naiku was originally planned to be identical to the Gaku.

has everything like that gets uh taxed property uh property tax
Property tax for anything like that is pretty high.

What do you mean? 
That one word is too vague, so tell me exactly what are you trying to express?

"Texas...." Something in the way Fenner repeated that made it sound not like a confirmation but a question.
Fenner was indeed from Texas.

It was covered with stiff canvas.
The painting was a lost antique.

On the other hand, I doubt that they are purely cynical.
They're not entirely cynical, in fact, they're quite optimistic.

For less cafeine and more food, acrosetown in the Downtown Gateway District is the egalitarian Enigma Garden Cafe 
The Enigma Garden Cafe is in the Downtown Gateway District about five miles from the strip.

In addition to the normal problems associated with adapting to new standards, several of these standards provide for a transition period during which agencies may or, in some cases, may not report investments in human capital, research and development and nonfederal physical property; if investments are reported for each of five years as called for in this statement, they may be reported for earlier years during the transition period on the basis of either outlays or expense.
These standards help businesses make investments privately.

the uh system as it stands now i think if if the juries were done away with the judge could render a decision much quicker uh and you'd you'd feed more people through the courts as it were don't know where we'd put them once we got them through your courts but uh
This is a good idea because it would be faster and it would save money.

She stood behind the man, her cloak pulled low over her face.
Her cloak was black and heavy.

Tuppence was rather surprised at Tommy's non-return.
Tommy did not return because he fell in a hole.

The court-mandated session is for people who have filed for divorce and opted not to hire a lawyer.
The session helps people who want to file for divorce without a lawyer and have no assets.

That would, in effect, penalize companies for efficiency and productivity.
As a result, the model was changed to remove the penalty for efficiency and productivity.

A number of golf tournaments are held here every year.
Golfers travel from all over to participate in the tournaments.

The old man's eyes were also on the sky.
In the sky were the eyes of an old man.

"I'd think," Anse cut in, "that any guns Kitchell'd have he'd be hangin' on to needin' them his ownself.
Kitchell needed guns himself to protect him from the various mobs that wandered the country. 

On July 18, 2001, the Comptroller General issued a letter to the Vice President in his capacity as Chair of the NEPDG, under 31 U.S.C.
The Comptroller contacted the Vice President regarding the fiscal budget in 2001. 

But Boorman, pickled since youth in Arthurian legends, has become nearly unemployable thanks to the mythic resonances in such epic turkeys as Zardoz (1974), Exorcist  The Heretic (1977), Where the Heart Is (1990), and the worthy dud Beyond Rangoon (1995).
Boorman recently got a role in a new epic.

Essays on pop culture, literature, tennis, and Middle America from the author of the epic and epically hyped Infinite Jest (1996).
Writing about pop culture was the author's favorite topic.

Paula Jones makes Newsweek 's cover.
Paula Jones is on the cover of Newsweek's December edition.

In keeping with those efforts, Assuring Equal Justice for All is the theme of Law Day this year.
Next year the Law Day theme will be different.

Susan looked at him and his heart sank.
He was scared of Susan.

Today Havana is a one-of-a-kind, fascinating study in decay.
Havana is one-of-a-kind because of its culture.

You think there's somethin' in all that talk Topham was givin' lip to? Anse asked.
Topham had supported the talk due to his own dire financial situation.

And that's all.'
That is all for today.

I remember.
I remember it.

The University of Michigan thinks so, and on the weekend of April 9, it gathered an array of dissidents, Communists, and priests to make the case.
The University of Michigan is tackling such a controversial subject that it convened a panel consisting of Communists, priests, and dissidents to help support it's hypothesis.

Why, she was devoted to her! I exclaimed. 
I felt the need to exclaim her devotion since I cared so greatly.

oh yes yes yes i come i come from up in that area i'm a New Yorker myself
I was brought up in Queens as a New Yorker myself.

The unveiling of plans for an annex to MoMA caps a season of architectural extravaganzas.
The completion of the great red edifice of the new museum building ended the year.

um-hum are you afraid they'd get stolen or run away or
I mean it's not like they could just up and walk away.

yeah and it's it's a difficult problem and it's one that well basically i think in in in large measure it's it's it's up to the parents to take the responsibility for what's happening to their childrens education i think
A child's education is the parent's responsibility and most parents don't know that.

Most of the half-dozen men squatting on their heels about a fire were three-quarters bare, showing dusty, brown bodies.
The men were in the midst of a thirty minute gun fight.

more emphasis on user behavior in their policies and guidelines.
Guidelines say users should behave like grumpy old men.

The Save the Unified Surpluses simulation assumes the entire unified surpluses are saved and used to reduce federal debt held by the public.
Federal debt is hit from the public 

Our FEMA work was done at the National Security Affairs Office, the Response and Recovery Directorate, and the Operations Support Directorate within FEMA headquarters in Washington, D.C., and at FEMA's
FEMA work was originally done at the Response and Recovery Directorate.

Even here the Waters are really little more than a large stream, but they flow into the Firth of Forth and beyond into the North Sea.
The waters flow right into the Firth of Forth which is very large.

There are superb 16th-century Indo-Portuguese and 17th-century Madeiran as well as 18th- and 19th-century English pieces.
The Indo-Portuguese pieces are the most superb.

 She brings him
She really likes him and so she often wants him around.

The view of the lush mossy landscaped garden from the verandah at the back of the building is one of Kyoto's most famous.
In addition to viewing the garden from the veranda, one can take a walk through it.

well  i i can see both sides of that issue and i think that uh it's just a necessary evil is basically what it comes down to
I can see the pros and cons of both sides of the issue.

Who knows? he answered.
He wanted to know who else knew so he could ask them. 

Plans are in place to turn the house into a museum charting the life and works of this extraordinary man.
The man deserved his own museum on himself. 

our casual voodoo the pleasure to give pain that gives pleasure of pain, unmerited, cruel, free creation
Voodoo gives pain to anyone you hate.

For instance, Phyllis Schlafly, the original Goldwater girl and head of the Eagle Forum, complains incessantly about new groups.
She complains about new groups, because she's greedy for their money and fame.

Just as Starr's virtues turned vicious, Clinton's vices sometimes turn virtuous.
Over time, Starr's investigation became more involved, more personal, and garnered less approval. 

had an enormous jump in the uh in the SAT rate
The jump was an increase from 5% to 500%.

Certainly, some religious groups associate sex with sin, which can either be inhibiting or inspiring, depending on your point of view (and whether or not you own your own vestments).
Most religions are too constrictive about sex.

Yet, even as the tax code provides more opportunities than ever to save for retirement, Americans may not understand why saving matters.
The tax code provides an educational opportunity to learn about retirement saving.

boy i tell you if i could bring a computer home and do stuff here i'd get all kinds of stuff done phone's always ringing and
I could do a lot at home because I work best when I'm alone.

They needed training and strategy.
They had never been trained.

I wish I had done as you do to protect it.
You protected the village wonderfully.

Much of the dust is only now settling, as the Italians get on with their daily lives.
Italy knows the horrors of the past.

The good news is that across many trials, the interventions being delivered seem to work.
The interventions seem to work and made huge differences in the community.

The place was self-contained and almost self-supporting, with stores of food, good water, its own forge and leather shop, its own craftsmen and experts.
It took years for this place to reach this level of self sufficiency. 

And they don't need to--the 13 missiles they supposedly have aimed at the United States have always been judged capable of hitting U.S. cities by the Pentagon (though China's difficulty in commercial launches casts doubt on the Pentagon's assessment).
China intentionally publicized the launch failures, to mislead the U.S.

The chief had to work nights, because he wasn't as skilled as his slight colleague from the far corner of the programmers' room.
Even though the chief had been practicing for months, he still wasn't the best. 

that he yeah it is oh well is that you got anything else to say i don't think i do
There is nothing to say on this topic, everything's been said already.

With an effort Tommy pulled himself together.
Tommy's friends encouraged him to pull himself together. 

It was nine years ago and Reese-Wheeler was barely into her second week with the shelter when Lindsay, a SAFE Shelter board member, invited her to lunch to talk about some ideas he had for the shelter.
These ideas were brilliant and revolutionized the shelter industry.

What's the opposite of stress?
The opposite of stress is relaxed.

You may have a chance to see some used in a fiesta parade.
You may have a chance to see some if you look carefully.

I tried on the gray Microfiber model, waist size 38.
The size 38 microfiber pants were too tight.

and like for you know instead of just being oh big tough Russia but i still believe they've uh they've probably got weapons we can i mean they they never would sell to anybody else
i still think that Russia probably has bombs

Bradley's campaign, it turns out, isn't about the presidency.
Bradley's campaign is just an advertisement for his company.

Among experts who treat and study compulsive behaviors and chemical dependencies, there is controversy over the meaning of the term addiction and the efficacy of the disease model for a range of supposed addictions, from alcoholism to compulsive gambling.
Addiction could mean really obsessive about anything.

um-hum right uh-huh Lo Mas yeah yeah we we are now it's like we are partly responsible for their problems by loaning them all that money that was really stupid on our part to even loan it to them you don't loan money to people like that i mean if you feel like you need to give them something to help them out fine but you don't go making billions of dollars of loans in to people that you can just look at the situation and yeah and know that they are not going to be capable of paying us back and
The loans were a bad idea because a significant majority were not paid back.

because all you needed was a big frying pan you dumped everything in together
You needed a big pan, so I brought you the biggest one I had.

haircut for spending on programs other than Social Security, Medicare, and Medicaid.
The bills from necessities have piled up over the years. 

The little man was transformed. 
The midget turned into a full-sized human being. 

--which cures Burton's temporary deafness.
Burton's deafness may be permanent.

It is increasingly clear that the continued decline in the staff levels of the Congress will also necessitate that GAO retain sufficient resources to ensure effective partnering with the Congress as well as an institutional memory about government programs and operations.
A 20% cut in the staff levels of Congress will leave the GAO completely at a standstill.

[I]t is a 'fundamental principle of statutory construction that the meaning of a word cannot be determined in isolation, but must be drawn from the context in which it is used.
There are five other fundamental principles of statutory construction.

so i i wouldn't tolerate that
So I would not take any of that, and had to leave.

Kaiser obviously lusts for the Old Times as he repeatedly calls for authoritative journalism and higher journalistic standards, and petitions Post ies to be more intellectual and creative.
Kaiser may be longing for the past a bit, but there are many members of the public who would agree with him.

Penang is also popular for antiques-lovers along Jalan Pintal Tali (Rope Walk), offering porcelain ware, chains, coins, old glass, ceiling lamps, and antique clocks.
Penang offers, among other wares, porcelain, chain, coins, old class, ceiling lamps, and antique clocks. 

Lindsay Davenport won the women's title, inspiring much chatter about American dominance on the Fourth of July.
Lindsay Davenport decisively won the women's title, bringing on noise about American's dominance on the Fourth.

He sometimes refers to his enterprise as the No Limit family.
In addition for calling his enterprise the "No Limit Family", he also calls his employees "No Limit Family Members". 

However, the Federal Government should be able to demonstrate accountability for stewardship PP and E by reporting on its existence and on its condition by a reference to deferred maintenance reported in the financial statements.
The financial statements also need to dmeonstrate payouts to ensure accountability and future investments.

In the center of the picture, two asymmetrical oxbows form a configuration like a grappling iron, anchoring the composition.
The picture is historically significant.

which is good
He is still studying, which is great

By the end of the book, Shulman has bumped up against the edges of her life, but she doesn't yearn to escape it, exactly.
Shulman still has a small desire to escape.

Sure, they fed us.
They made sure we weren't hungry. 

and uh they they have designated smoking but it's just wide open it's not ventilated properly and i think that's bad but as far as the drugs you know being in the factory kind of environment that way
You should avoid smoking since there is not much air passing through.

Even were I to accept the Court's First Amendment analysis, I could not join its decision to conclude this litigation without reaching the issue of severability.
The Court may have made a wrong analysis.

We're employed to do so." Mr. Hersheimmer leant back in his chair.
We have a job to do and have a quota to meet.

right some of the stations around here will take it
Stations in the area make money for accepting it.

For the most spectacular view, climb up to the broad path that runs along the roof of the arches on its perimeter.
The wide path running along the roof was created because of the spectacular view.

um now that yeah is that still real good it used to be real good is it
I used to be real good at basketball.

Therefore, as shown in Exhibit A-8 in Appendix A, the schedule for a combined FGD and ACI project is expected to be the same as the schedule of an FGD project.
According to the figures in Appendix A, the combined FGD/ACI enterprise will be no different in deliverables timing than an FGD undertaking alone.

Many of you wallowed in the olfactory, particularly in the odor of corruption and fish.
You wallowed in the odor of corruption because you rigged the basketball game. 

I think Mrs. Vandemeyer's boudoir would be the most comfortable, she said at last, and led the way there.
She led two people to Mrs. Vandemeyer's bedroom. 

jury duty or or things that they've heard that says you know well they use this registration for this purpose or that so they just don't bother
Some are scared to be picked for jury duty.

Internal Control Provides Reasonable Assurance, Not Absolute Assurance
Internal control provides reasonable assurance to local businesses.

Establishment and Review of Performance Measures and Indicators
Performance Measures and Indicators are reviewed more often than established.

Maybe that was why the Satheri had gone scrounging back through other worlds to find men who had the necessary drive to get things done when the going was tough.
Satheri has a hard time finding men tough enough for the job.

It was obviously impossible, and even Menes must be aware of that.
It was too ambitious, and there was not enough material.

Ready to take on el toro himself and lock horns.
Ready to take on el toro, the bull.

This is a time to support apartheid because it is unfashionable.
Now would be the time to support apartheid.

to a certain extent here in the summer time we go back and forth between air-conditioned buildings there you go back and forth between warmed up areas i mean uh
We have air conditioning in the bigger buildings

Critics revel in his fresh dish (Clinton turns apoplectic over the slightest unfavorable mention
Critics are looking for anything to write about Clinton that he won't like.

Why, then, conclude domination by elites?
How was that conclusion reached?

and i tell her you know no problem mom always got a place for you but uh
I told my mom she can always stay at my place when she gets old.

Art galleries, jewelers, and fashionable eateries can be found on every corner; but early in the morning, you'll have the streets to yourself, so enjoy every detail of the pretty Cycladic architecture.
The town serves a classier clientele. 

The number of subscribers soared from about 450,000 in the mid-'80s to around 800,000.
Everyone liked it, so naturally more and more people subscribed.

According to the Department, this rule does not impose unfunded mandates under the Unfunded Mandates Reform Act of 1995.
Nevertheless, the Department believes that this rule may be challenged in court.

originally it was no big deal you could get rid of them but now there's just simply no way to get rid of these things and you see more and more of that around about the country where people have have thrown a tire in the ditch or two tires in the ditch and
There are a lot of people who don't dispose of their waste properly.

Henraques consolidated his position by defeating the Moors at the Battle of Ourique in 1139, and celebrated by naming himself the first king of Portugal.
No one dissented when Henraques named himself king. 

By 2000, he had diversified funding sources for his then-$5.
By the year 2000, he had found some way to diversify his funding sources for just, what at the time, was $5, and this was unheard of by anyone before.

Slate 's Web site might be at the moment, and how clogged your local-area network might be.
Slate's web site receives a lot of traffic.

Under his fingers the rowel whirred.
The rowel made a whirring noise.

Best wishes until we meet again--perhaps over Volume 9 of some future 14-volume biography of Rosalynn Carter.
Good luck until we meet again, said the writer.

A'deem was apparently not paying him enough for that.
A'deem did not have enough money to pay for the carpet and the installation too. 

Fuh-get about it: Donnie Brasco (Johnny Depp) with FBI technicians (Tim Blake Nelson, Paul Giamatti) (30 seconds) :
Johnny Depp is Donnie Brasco in this summer's hottest flick: Tim Burton's "Murder Mystery Theater".

no i used to work at TI as matter of fact i was the only woman that they had in the field in a management position actually when i was working there i was the only woman that was pretty much in the industry and i used to fill out those attitude surveys and uh
I hated every second working in my management position at TI.

um-hum well that's right a lot of people they flunk out or they get they just
It can be hard for them to focus.

More also needs to be done to address the continuing expectations gap regarding what auditors are doing in connection with the detection of fraud and internal controls, and to audit through electronic information systems rather than around them.
We need to do more to address the gap between what auditors are doing and what we expect them to do to find fraud in the government.

Techniques and conventions that will come to seem eternal and inevitable will actually be invented in the coming months.
Everyone will be very busy in the following four months.

Thorn rested the huge blade over his shoulder and walked out of the smithy.
The smithy just finished making the huge sword for Thorn.

 Buenos dias, senor. " He raised a hand to Drew and the Kentuckian nodded.
The Kentuckian left after that. 

That bit of hysteria aside, it's not hard to imagine Safire and the Journal waxing apoplectic if the attorney general had asked for a private meeting to warn the president.
The attorney general attempted to give the president a heads up but was denied the chance by the media. 

He was no more fanciful than the majority of young Englishmen, but he could not rid himself of the impression that some unusually potent force 58 emanated from the man.
Women fought for the Englishmen. 

Tellingly, the has-been corner routine is not in the movie.
The producers left out the has-been corner routine to make a stronger point about ambitions.

And the cup on the mantel-piece, half drunk, that would be Mr. Lawrence Cavendish's. 
He usually leaves it there when he loses interest in the drink and found some lady to talk to.

God, I hope these guys saw me talking to Lincoln, I thought.
I hope the people saw me and Lincoln chatting, since he had such a great reputation.

We are left unfulfilled by their limitations and cheated by their costs.
Even though they have given us good reasons as to why they had to raise prices, we still feel cheated by them.

Back in 1994, when journalist Robert Wright popularized the field of evolutionary psychology with his book The Moral Animal , he wrote an article on ev psych and feminism in which he acknowledged that evolutionary psychology would be used to naturalize sexist behavior.
While writing his book the author had misgivings about his subject.

An estimated 40 million American youths participate in organized sports.
American parents often force their children to participate in sports. 

Newsweek contributor George Stephanopoulos urges Clinton to seek a fast trial and clear the air for the 2000 campaign.
George Stephanopolous thought a speedy trial for Clinton would be the most fair.  

Who is he? 
Is that who I think it is?

FISCAL YEAR 2002 BUDGET REQUEST
They asked for the legal services budget.

For six years, Bill Clinton has stayed alive by clinging to those entitlements.
Bill Clinton has stayed alive for six years by clinging to those entitlements, said the New York Times.

Here you can peer into apothecaries unchanged since the 19th century as well as some of Havana's oldest homes.
Here you can peer into apothecaries unchanged since the 19th century because medical technology has not advanced. 

It's unfortunate that the Supreme Court voided the referendum, because it deprives voters of the opportunity to throw out the poker industry themselves.
The referendum should have went to the people, no matter what. 

that's psychedelic
That drug is considered psychedelic. 

An EPA official told us that the agency is using email as a way to facilitate the delivery of documents to the small entity representatives and to receive their comments.
The EPA official was dressed like Men in Black.

Some participants liked the idea of auditors periodically performing more of a forensic-type audit6 in which auditors would be more skeptical of management, but cautioned that this approach could have a negative effect on audit quality because management and the auditor might not work as actively together on an ongoing basis.
They wanted to be cautious but wanted to focus on quality before quantity.

Is this behavior still appropriate and/or useful?
Too many people act this way. 

What we really want is to minimize the number of infections resulting from any given number of sexual encounters
The infections from sexual encounters is 12 percent.

Remember that time you and Gary Cooper and I were having fondue at Hedda Hopper's house and she just wouldn't let up on Coop about the hunting?
Remember when you and Gary Cooper and I were eating dinner and you kept teasing Coop about the deer hunting?

You can take one of the numerous guided walking tours through the Old and New Towns.
If you enjoy walking tours, the Old and New Towns have many choices available.

and it you know it was the Lamar Hunt crowd versus the Clint Murchison crowd and uh and the the popular joke around Dallas was that after the sixty two season uh in fact i went down to Houston in sixty two and watched them win the AFL championship uh after the sixty two season Murchison and Hunt got together and flipped a coin and the loser had to stay
The game I went to in sixty two was one of the best in my life.

so does alcohol show up in these tests
Will alcohol show up in these tests because I drank yesterday.

At Funchal's Casino da Madeira (Avenida do Infante; Tel. 291/231 121), near the Pestana Carlton Park Resort and Casino, you can play blackjack, roulette, and take a turn at the slot machines.
Funchals' Casino da Madeira is only five miles away from Pestana Carlton Park Resort and Casino.

The Form contains a list of questions that identify key requirements that need to be met in order to report a case to LSC.
The LSC has harsh and strict rules for evaluation.

yeah you can that's right
You always could.  

I observed some of these tendencies during the later stages of my almost 10-year tenure with the firm.
These tendencies will eventually push the firm into a precarious situation.

Rockefeller was deeply conflicted about giving away money.
Rockefeller was selfish for not giving his money away 

A pair of binoculars will be particularly useful here, in order to appreciate the splendid detail of the carving on the soaring central tower dominating a whole complex of temples.
The details are far too small to see with your naked eye.

If, after concluding a deal, you try to pay with a credit card, he may then boost the price in order to cover the card charges.
He may increase the price to cover the charge because he's dishonest.

For example, when this work includes examination of management's records, the audit documentation should describe those records so that an experienced reviewer would be able to examine those same records.
Experienced reviewers always need record descriptions in audit documentation.

I had a pen and a piece of paper ready to get Latrell for my son (Better be careful not to get him angry, Dad), but if he was there, I didn't see his first-name-sufficing self.
I had a pen and a piece of paper ready to get Latrell for my son because he wanted an autograph.

'Mr. Franklin- White- please-'
THey would like to speak to Mr. Franklin-White.

we will let them draw their own conclusions
We will let them draw their own conclusions because we want them to be independent thinkers. 

but uh i really i really enjoy the car i have now and i do want to hold onto it and and uh you know enjoy it while it's not having any mechanical problems whatsoever in fact it never has and uh
I think I'm going to keep the car I have now for a few more years.

He had slept with only two women in his life.
He had slept with two women and four men.

However, beyond modern Patan lies the old part of the city, where traditional Newari craftsmanship is readily apparent.
Modern Patan features new office blocks and international retail stores.

His lucky use of it had gained him admission.
He was lucky to have seen how to use it on TV one time. 

and so it really made me question as to what how do we know about you know uh if the news we're getting is any good so
The project made me wonder about my news sources.

put a set of brakes on my little Blazer that we have and fortunately i i could do most of the work myself but uh this last time that i got into it i got about halfway into it and started feeling a little bad i kind of fluish type and said what a time for this to set in i got the wheel off i got these brake pads off i got car jacked up and
I was probably coming down with the flu.

Ca'daan recognized his gloves.
His gloves were taken from a demon.

Unrestored medieval fortresses are found along the C-3212 road to Elda, and beyond, at Monevar.
The fortresses are open to tourists all year round.

How do I fight this barbarian?I'm sorry I've never had the proper schooling to not so quickly kick your arse," said the Kal.
Kal had absolutely no fear of the barbarian.

Tomb artifacts give us a great deal of information about daily life in Egypt.
The Egyptians use to live very luxurious lives.

yeah it's kind of like the inside dual on a truck you know when one of them breaks it's not the outside one it's it's the it's usually that power steering belt or something that's way back in there everything's got to come off
These Volvo sedans are just like trucks in the way that it's always something like power steering belt that breaks. 

A good place for a cold beer, paid in pesos, is Taberna Dolores, which usually has live music in its courtyard.
Taberna Dolores serves cold beer and it is known for it.

The official Versailles Web site  is well-organized and full of useful information.
You can learn a lot from the website.

She shot me in the leg.
She was aiming for my leg when she shot.

The slave trade to Fena Kef used to be strong, said the Kal.
Kal used to be a slave trader. 

No, I've stuck here like a rock. 
I want to get out of here.

Neither the language nor the legislative history of the statute suggest that Congress intended to alter the application of the presence requirement.
There are several claims that Congress intended to alter the application of the presence requirement.

And what is this new, depraved revelation?
Is this revelation, by its very nature, likely to have a negative effect?

oh is she still there
She's been waiting for hours.

From Basse-Terre north, the leeward coast (c??te sous le vent) has a few small beaches of black volcanic sand and some picturesque paraphernalia of the fishermen who favor these waters.
The picturesque paraphernalia of fishermen who favor the waters of the leeward cost are very old.

"Been drinkin' again, fightin', too, by th' look of you." 
You have a big bruise, so I know you've been fighting.

What Ledbetter misses is that PBS's time--if it ever had one--has come and gone.
PBS is going off the air because its time has come and gone.  

which surprised me that that uh through the jury discussion they were able to convince him against his original opinion so maybe that speaks well for juries
Jury discussions often result in people changing their original opinions. 

yeah yeah i don't know we haven't bought
We should have purchased.  

This is an important assumption, because fine particles from power plant emissions are chemically different from directly emitted fine particles from both mobile sources and other industrial facilities, but no clear scientific grounds exist for supporting differential effects estimates by particle type.
Fine particles from power plant are safer than ones from other industrial facilities.

30% is an increase in concentration or deposition compared to current conditions.
There was a 30% increase in concentration of sulfur in the wtaer.

Legal Services of Southern Missouri (LSSM) serves 43 counties in this area and is dedicated to ensuring all people, regardless of their income, equal access to legal advice and counsel.
Legal Services of Southern MIssouri serves the poor in the bottom half of the state.

They'll be back, I hope, before too long."
I miss them and want them back soon.

Might have been the first thing you did.'
The first thing you did was worth noting.

Genetic engineering can do crazy things.
Genetic engineering is useful for taking on new problems.

The auditor may also choose to report total problems reported and resolved or break them out by level of priority.
The amount is a more efficient method.

Austin Room (these days B-and-B rooms are named, not numbered), I opened my book to read and out fluttered the chant.
I read a good book in the Austin Room of my large B & B.

One of the better swordsmen parried her saber, catching the black steel sword in his own sword's guard only to catch her palm spike in his temple.
He died from a spike blow to the head.

Nationwide reductions of the three emissions, SO2, NOx and mercury, in an integrated approach would result in key benefits including thousands of avoided premature deaths and aggravation of respiratory and cardiovascular illness due to fine particles, reduced hospitalization and emergency room visits due to fine particles and continued exposure to ground-level ozone.
This has also reduced tuberculosis.

Tucker can be trying when the script isn't good, but he's a great foil for Chan--physically gung-ho and with supersonic timing.
Tucker is trying when the script is bad, but he's a great foil to Chan because he is Asian. 

One of the most important services provided to clients of taxpayer clinics is assistance in seeking a refund under the Earned Income Tax Credit provisions.
The Earned Income Tax Credit provision costs the government millions of dollars every year.

Madeira's discoverer, Zarco, is buried beneath the altar, but the memorial to him vanished long ago.
Founder of Madeira had a memorial, but over time it has vanished. It is thought to have been washed away by he sea.

is that right oh neat that is just really neat because i
That is really neat because I can work over there

Save us the trouble later.'
Save us from having to do that next week.

A garden (not always open to the public) connects the H??tel de Soubise with its twin, the H??tel de Rohan, on Rue Vieille-du-Temple.
The garden has many flowers that one might like to look at.

Qualitative Research Techniques in Economics.
The techniques are used for discussing projects.

with actions aimed at reducing product development cycle times and improving the predictability of cost and schedule outcomes.
They were trying to balance both to keep the same high quality standards.

Other pilgrims to this spot are more intent on a visit to Berthillon, a hallowed maker of astonishing ice creams and sorbets.
Berthillon is home to many gelato and pastry shops that serve the religious pilgrims visiting nearby.

This chilling story of a mother's crushing love for a son will haunt me long after I've forgotten the details of the handover ceremony.
The story was creepy at times.

well that's interesting i had no idea that was just for the employees and i couldn't understand i kept getting these calls i thought it was an advertisement and they just were also called TI you know there is Texas Industries and different things
They would continue to call me and I wouldn't answer.

But maybe the moral is that the only folks who are going to get their full chicken's worth out of the 8,000 market are those who stop counting their chickens and start trading them in.
Those who have traded in their assets are happy about it.

He still could hear the screams and smell the cooking flesh but he could not accept it.
He could not accept the smell of cooking human flesh.

As a share of the total population, the elderly population has grown from 9.1 percent to
Each year, the elderly population goes up 10%.

You're quite right. 
You could be right.

In the room below, John and Mary were together once more, while Alfred Inglethorp and Miss Howard were in custody. 
John and Mary were talking to each other in the room below.

well not being a drug user i don't have a problem with that personally but i think that might be a violation of someone's rights if someone's
I don't use drugs anymore so I don't have a problem with that.

but i i i absolutely cannot stand anything down over my elbows and when i'm working and and i mean that's even in the winter time
I work indoors year round in an office.

um as far as electricity and telephone um we do the same thing we budget not budget but um i have a long term savings goal
I have a bank account for my long term savings.

i'm actually surprised at anything in Central America along with Panama i'm just kind of surprised we did that
That is the stupidest thing we could have done, and we did it anyways.

Heald said the agency can try to find mental health services, school services and others. 
There are a lot of health services around.

The challenge for evaluators is how to use those aspects of an anecdote that are effective for our work-the immediacy, the convincingness, the attention-getting quality-and, at the same time, fulfill other informational requirements for our jobs, such as generalizability and reliability.
Evaluators are encouraged to use anecdotes in their decisions.

pretty ridiculous
It is pretty ridiculous how little paper is on the ground.

At this stage, one unit cost is calculated for each area.
The unit costs vary for 40 dollar per square foot to 4000 dollars per square foot.

Indian infantry inflicted heavy losses from their bunkers on the beaches but finally succumbed to the massive onslaught.
The bunkers were the saving grace from the Indian infantry,

Sharm itself has little charm, but Na'am Bay, some 5 km (3 miles) further north, has a wonderful sandy beach, modern hotels, and just about everything you could need for a fun-filled vacation.
Na'am Beach is a great place for fishing and snorkeling.  

might be a good idea because because you're going to get what a a check uh
I hope they pay you in full.

The fact that she treats him terribly, however, is definitely known to him, and it is for this reason that Prudie suggests you say nothing.
Prudie's advice is that you do not intervene.

Like many French seaside resorts, Dinard was a discovery of the British in the 19th century, who called it Queen of the Emerald Coast. 
The French seaside resort, Dinard, is unmatched by any other French resort in terms of hospitality.

(Oh no, not another of his tedious stories!)
His stories are always tedious and annoying.

The goo-goos would cut the number of presidential appointments by a third or more, lessening the burden on the Senate and allowing the president to pick better candidates.
Senate confirmations are an issue for every new president dealing with an opposition party.

But Solitaire's so f****** hard . Who made those rules, anyway?
But Solitaire's so f****** hard because you can not shuffle . Who made those rules, anyway?

Newly confirmed Prime Minister Vladimir Putin vowed to crush the rebels immediately, but Chechens girded for another drawn-out conflict.
Putin wanted to crush the rebels but he wanted to listen to the people.

EPA found that its stakeholders' interests included how EPA does its core processes-for example, the amount of flexibility it can offer to the regulated community.
The EPA is the environmental protection agency.

  The Model cannot address the uncertainty of deregulation created by California's experience -- where competition may increase or decrease in the future.
The model is not advanced enough to analyze the experience.

The audience for music is very susceptible to pomposity.
Music listeners are mostly over the age of 60.

no it's um uh it's an older home and uh so it already has the the yard's already been established um but there have like big oak trees in the front and so the grass is not growing out underneath the oak trees so i'm have to get out there and do something about that you know spread some seed and fertilizer and stuff
Oak tree leaves acidify the soil, and grass cannot grow under the trees.

I think I remember hearing about it, said Tuppence slowly.
Tuppence heard about it a few months ago. 

golly so that's pretty that's pretty good
We make love daily, so that is pretty good.

We watched him, fascinated, though I think we all knew in our hearts that it was too late, and that nothing could be done now. 
We watched him lay in the hospital bed, fascinated by how hard he was fighting the cancer even though his death was inevitable. 

and maybe they can ask for a review of the transcript
They might be able to ask to review the transcript but the judge might not allow it.

Biblical tradition says that the southeastern corner of the Temple Mount is the Pinnacle of the Temple, where Jesus was tempted by Satan.
The Bible does not mention the northeastern corner of the Temple Mount or its significance.

You'll find that the Old Cites myriad colours, sounds, smells, and tastes stir the senses; the Temple Mount's architecture can take your breath away; pilgrims tracing Christ's journey to Calvary along the Via Dolorosa remain a deeply moving sight; and the views from the Mount of Olives are stunning.
Christ's journey took him along the Via Dolorosa.

Our place is here.
Our new home was built here.

you want to start
you would like to begin next winter

well it well that that's true there is that part too and i guess we also have to examine though and although your husband's probably been as much conditioned as you know  anybody else um i guess having
Your husband would probably need a little time to adjust.

do you all pay state income tax
Do you all pay Iowa state income tax?

I hadn't seen a single enemy soul; I thought I'd lost them.
I haven't seen anyone in twenty hours.

we're in uh as i said a small town in Indiana and it's a WASP community with a student body of five hundred in the high school so the setting is very different than it would be in
The town only has the one high school.

'Derry,' I shook my head.
I shook my head in disbelief. 

At that time, LSC also will notify the relevant state planning bodies of pending service area changes.
LSC will provide notices within thirty days of any pending changes.

All represent different, often contradictory, facets of the greater whole that is Japan one of the world's most intriguing countries.
Japan also has very straight-forward facets.

A third Palestinian was found murdered, reportedly after having sold an East Jerusalem house to Jewish settlers.
Three Palestinians have been found dead according to the news, the case is still under investigation.

 At the southern extremity of the island, near the salt flats, are some hard-to-reach, mostly unspoiled beaches.
The best way to reach the beaches near the salt flats at the southern extremity of the island is by boat.

and we'll end up one man was telling me about his grandfather in Lithuania and we were talking about something totally income tax or something and i just
One man told me about his grandfather, who was Lithuanian 

Centrelink was established in 1997 with a strong focus on customer service and the goal of paying beneficiaries promptly.
Centrelink was an idea thought of in 1996 

well do you like the pizza at Show Biz
Do you like the pepperoni pizza at Show Biz? 

Sightseers have their choice of taxi or rental vehicles, including the ubiquitous Minimoke and beach buggy, ideal for local conditions.
It is cheaper to rent a Minimoke than a beach buggy.

Further, the periodicals subclasses have strict rules on enclosures, have regulations that depend on whether the publication is bound or unbound, and most have rates that depend on whether the material inside is advertising or editorial.
The periodicals subclasses have strict rules on Gorilla enclosures after Harambe got messed up.

Since GAO has a legal right of access to the requested documents and since full access was not provided within 20 days following our July 18 letter pursuant to 31 U.S.C.
GAO has too many legal rights.

The old man piled it up in style, explained Julius.
The old man was interesting to Julius.

and i still live in the same area it's it's built up somewhat and crime really hasn't been a problem it's been uh uh mostly outsiders coming in and you know robbing or breaking into automobiles and stealing uh
Crime hasn't been a problem

In 1993, the average U.S. postal worker subject to collective bargaining received $35,001 in pay and allowances, and an additional $7,713 in fringe benefits.
The average U.S. postal worker in 1993 also received a company car and vacation home.

oh that's too bad it
Oh, that's not good, I hope it gets better soon.

After all, if spending money you don't really have is the key to prosperity, big government deficits would do the trick just as well.
If economic growth could result from income disposal alone or using up more credit than you can pay for, then a good economic policy would include massive national debt.

So as I said at the beginning, the story of the baby-sitting co-op helps me to remain calm in the face of crisis.
The story is quite funny.

    VI   Sunrise glared harshly over the desert.
No one would be able to survive in the heat once the sun was up.

But part of it was also Clinton's performance.
If it were not for Clinton's performance, the whole thing would not have worked.

And clinics at the state's three law schools and other nonprofit legal organizations help 10,000 more people a year.
Clinics at the state's law school provide free medical exams to those in need.

One is to list cases and projects that will benefit from private attorney involvement.
Having a lawyer involved will make the case go smoother 

It can be expressed in four words I thought I'd never  Listen to Ira Magaziner.
I thought I'd never Listen to Ira Magaziner - a four-words concept- said the critics.

(But of course--Soderbergh flouts time!)
Soderbergh flouts time all the time!

He seemed somewhat 104 apathetic in the search, as though he expected no great results from it. 
He didn't care about the search because he had already decided there would be no results.

In commenting on a draft of this report, the participants of our study agreed with the critical success factors and challenges that we identified.
There were twenty three participants who provided comments.

You are joking, Poirot!
You are not serious about that proposal, Poirot!

uh they uh somebody made an interesting observation now that i think back on it i'd say yeah i can't believe that either she was the only indian to have her hair done at all times you know what i mean you know
Someone pointed out to me that she had her hair done all the time.

What will I tell him, when he wakes up? The truth.
He's in a coma.

It's all of a piece.
It is just a tidbit of the whole. 

His scalp, where he had cut away his dark hair, was pale.
His scalp was shiny and exposed.

Segovia is a picture postcard of central Spain, a royal stronghold with a fairy-tale castle and astounding 2,000-year-old Roman aqueduct.
Segovia has more Roman artifacts than any city in Spain.

At the same time, top Enron executives were free to exercise their stock options, and some did.
Top Enron executives were free to exercise

Beautifully landscaped gardens and a private bay giving the resort its name.
the gardens are landscaped well and have a lot of waterfalls.

The former term is more common in postal rate circles and the latter more common in economics.
The two terms are used interchangeably and are equally understood in postal rate and economics circles.

around the Bay area here we got uh uh system here called i don't know if you've ever been to the Bay area uh it's called uh
We've got a great transportation around the Bay area -- have you ever been?

so anyway back to the original question i really think i if if we were still allowed to choose guilt or innocence
This question of choosing guilt or innocence is really important.

What will he do next? 
What's he going to do next Friday?

Do you fancy that you can deceive him?" Mrs. Vandemeyer's eyes narrowed.
Mrs Vandemeyer lowered her eyes and her voice when she asked "Do you fancy that you can deceive him"

Lower Fitzwilliam Street, at the southeast corner of Merrion Square, houses the offices of the Electricity Supply Board.
Lower Fitzwilliam Street also houses the Water Supply Board offices.

Soon they would have children of their own.
They would have three children of their own soon

Watch out, Mrs. Dennis Hastert.
Watch out for the falling rocks, Dennis Hastert.

um and he had to past and he told them remember  remember you
He told them several times to remember.

Of particular methodological note in this report is the detailed explanation of why export competitiveness in Brazilian markets (the instance) was selected for the case study.
Brazilian markets are found to have the highest level of export competitiveness in the world.

Government is truly in the hands of a Prime Minister and his cabinet selected from among the parliament's Senate of 322 members and more powerful 630-strong Chamber of Deputies.
The Prime Minister is more powerful than the cabinet.

Some-times our clients are not the most agreeable in the world, but this year when I put out forms asking for pro bono work, they started coming back by fax almost immediately.
Our clients were much more pleasant this year

International Capital  Developments, Prospects, and Key Policy Issues.
They wanted to add more to the report but had a limit.

A Notice of Proposed Rulemaking was published in the Federal Register on April 18, 1996 (61 Fed.
There was a notice of rulemaking for public companies.

They have now cut off all financial aid to her and refuse to pay for her wedding unless we have it at their house.
The bride's parents are the ones who are cutting off financial aid.

Two days after the news leaked out, Barnes confirmed Tuesday he will go to work for the nonprofit group for six months, donating his time to handle cases on behalf of lowincome Georgians.
Barnes will be working five days a week for the nonprofit group.

The improvements and projects they funded are discussed below (see Section VII.
The discussion for all projects and improvements in health are discussed below this header.

Like rape and forced abortion for women, spermination invades bodily privacy and denies reproductive choice.
Spremination has no specific laws against it, unlike rape.

well i don't know i i definitely want to get mine up mine paid off month to month like i used to
Paying off every month was simpler to how it is now.

Getting Derry in was easy.
It was easy to get Derry into the club.

yeah and i you know i think defense really is what wins wins uh in the long run you can have the best half back there is or the best quarterback but if they don't have any blocking maybe they can't do anything
I think the defense should be filled with large, but fast, linemen.

These mainly date from the 18th to the 20th Dynasties and include Ramses IV, Seti I, and Tutmosis III.
There are also a few dating from the 17th century.

The Gore family holiday photo greeting card was billed to the DNC at a cost of $110,000.
The family liked to spend their money.

The value of Philly's program, observes former New Jersey Superior Court Judge Daniel R. Coburn, is that it separates the minnows from the sharks, then holds the minnows accountable and hence less likely to become sharks, let alone become the predatory Great Whites we must incarcerate.
The value of Philly's program is that it's inexpensive but efficient

Esme stands in for the continued vitality of the stage.
Esme encourages vitality or the theater.

what do we think about them
do we like them?

During the farewell tour of his legislative district, Paxon indicated the depth of his enthusiasm in raising Suby when he let Molinari change the diaper as their plane touched down in Buffalo, N.Y.
Paxon did not care much for changing diapers. 

well it is but i i i'm kind of uh grateful for the experience because it's taught me a lot of restraint uh
Prior to the occurrence, I was very undisciplined and unrestrained. 

Crete is a large island, so if you want to see a lot of what it has to offer, choose your itinerary carefully.
If you want to dine in a lot of restaurants while in Crete,  you need to look over your itinerary and plan.

Of course the governors and the president managed to turn deficits into surpluses.
It was easy for the president to turn deficits into surpluses.

that Famous Home Video is what's opposite it here i don't know up there but um i like that because it it really makes me laugh people send in have you ever watched that where they
The Famous Home Video program is on every night.

that's all you can do you got to you got to be your child's best friend i guess even when they're a teenager and they you know are kind of standoffish still you got to be their best friend because when they got problems who they gonna go to their friends that are dealing drugs or or there parents
Kids need parents who will listen to their problems.

yeah what do you think about a state income tax
Do you think a state income tax is a good thing?

you need metal instead of plastic
Metal is better than plastic for your purpose.

but as far as major crime there didn't seem to be as you know one of those nice little small towns and nothing ever happened and it would be nice to kind of get back into that so
There was only one violent offense in the time that I lived there.

The presence language appeared in the LSC appropriations act as part of an effort to expand LSC representation to aliens other than lawful residents, and does not appear to have been intended to limit LSC representation to aliens who were continuously physically present in the United States.
The aliens were from all over the world.

All the discoveries have been made by Japp, and Japp will take all the credit. 
Japp discovered that the murderer is not John.

And at one side a round-faced Mexican in ornate, south-of-the-border clothing held a guitar across one plump knee, now and then plucking absent-mindedly at a single string as he stared raptly into space.
A Mexican musician was playing for tips.

yeah four thousand
Yes, four thousand were used to treat the sick.

These visitors of mine had their atomic bomb, or whatever their equivalent was on their own worlds, and survived it, because they didn't give up.
My visitors had their atomic bomb, and many of their kind perished.

which isn't you know pretty much what we look look for anyway
We want top notch employees working for us.

Whatever really happened, the Mycenaean Greeks who were supposed to have conquered King Priam's city soon found their own civilization in decline.
Their own civilization went into decline mainly due to lack of yields.

(Or to comment on his current incompetence--it's an open secret on the Hill that Thurmond has lost it.
Thurmond had lost it years ago.

and they really nice uh i'm on both sides actually they they fold so when you get in tight situations you can fold them back
These are great in tight spaces, they save a lot of room.

The genuine demagogue assails minorities and labels his foes Communists.
The demagogue assails minorities and call his enemies communists in order to shame them.

That would be all right if he could offer some other coherent way to think about these issues, or even if his critique were arresting or persuasive.
He cannot offer a coherent way to think about domestic policy.

right and what happens is what happens is suppose they get Saddam Hussein which they eventually will he's got one less thing to go against him
I am certain that they will eventually get Saddam Hussein.

Patients in the emergency setting range from those with no alcohol problems to those with severe dependence.
The majority of patients have no problems with alcohol, however.

Against what? The group pressed forward.
What are you protesting against?

Madame Berthelot had the large vaulted kitchen built almost on a level with the river, so that an indoor well provided the closest thing to running water, and an unusually hygienic stone drain sent back the slops.
The muddy river often yielded wet clay used to fashion kitchenware for the estate.

well i grew up in Los Angeles
I was born in Los Angeles.

Other topics from the list.
The list of topics was a mile long.

Instead, I felt sluggish the entire next day.
I felt slow the entire next day instead.

manager's responsibility and accountability are defined.
The manager respects the responsibility and accountability that are expected of him. 

they apparently they aren't like you know they don't smell as bad as other
It would appear that they do not smell at all.  

They were like the ones in The Last Picture Show , with wrinkles around the middle and unreliable straps that slid around on the shoulders, uneasily contending with the bra straps.
They were a unique fashion statement.

She thanked him and drove home.
She drives a very large car.

Punditus Interruptus II, The  One moment McLaughlin Group host John McLaughlin is asking Pat Buchanan to stop baiting Eleanor Clift.
Clift was taking the bait.

Is quitting the administration (though not, apparently, on principle).
Ken is quitting the administration game.

Citing the concentration and surprise of Dylan's lyrics, as well as the rasp of his anger, Motion rhapsodized over the songwriter's use of language.
Dylan's lyrics are all about breakups.

The OTC consists of the Governor 
The OTC does not have many members.

i shoot i can't even think who's quarterback uh the uh darn uh coach name for the Bills
I guess their quarterback isn't good. 

It would be easy to dismiss these explanations as being nonsense, but you'll understand India better if you can appreciate that what each guide is saying may in its own way be true.
Each guide usually grew up in the local area and has learned the oral tradition passed down by his forebears.

we have a rock base here and it's very difficult to put in a basement our home is all brick and with the two
We have tried putting it in the basement before, but gave up.

B. A lottery ticket that gives you a 10/11 chance of winning $5 million.
You will win with a lottery ticket with these odds.

A befe is a street kiosk which sells snacks and soft-drinks.
A befe (kiosk) is a great place to stop for a nibble or refreshment while out in the street.

We supplemented these findings, to a very limited extent, with information obtained from others.
There were gaps in the original information we had before.

Throwing caution to the wind, I try i-Sportsbook from Antigua, because it provides the easiest interface for my credit card deposit.
In addition to credit card deposits, i-Sportsbook takes debit card deposits.

Both Germany and the United States classify the PKK as a terrorist organization .
The PKK is dangerous. 

yeah i don't not anymore i don't there's just nothing on it
I have no clue how to go on.

At great expense he transferred here a number of important 17th-century buildings that once belonged to the Tokugawa family, including the Rinshunkaku villa and the charming Choshukaku tea pavilion, as well as a small temple from Kyoto's famed Daitokuji.
The Rinshunkaku villa was the most prized possession of the Tokugawa.

Specifically, that Act turned rate making over to an independent Postal Rate Commission, but it also specified a range of factors to which the Commission must give weight and it required that certain classification structures of the past be honored.
The independent Postal Rate Commission is in charge of setting rates, which is a new change.

The southwestern corner of the Lake District has some of the moodiest landscapes in all of the UK.
There is often very heavy rainfall in the Lake District.

I think invention should be the prerogative of all men and in priority or not. And...'
Inventions include developing better systems for delivering food.

and they actually had lentils which some stores don't have things like that you know which
the few stores that sell lentils are very expensive

Some new detail about Bush's education policy, by contrast, might or might not make the paper.
Bush's new policy is a joke to many. 

The most recent hero to be so honored was the World War II Resistance fighter Jean Moulin.
Jean Moulin fought with the Allies.

not a great deal of that
There's not much available.

It is designed to give the utilities flexibility in determining how and where to achieve the reductions.
Electric companies want to reduce rates for seniors.

so i felt more comfortable at that place
I fel that that place was much more suited to me.

The Standard rejects the line that Treasury Secretary-designate Larry Summers is a Robert Rubin clone.
The Standard says Summers is just like Rubin and will destroy the Treasury.

A tunnel leads to this outstanding privately owned collection of ancient Egyptian, South Asian, Chinese, Persian and, of course, Japanese masterworks.
The collection is priceless and treasured. 

Motivation for  implications for substance abuse.
Motivation for the use of multiple substances

 There was a massive shriek of fear and panic from the horde of slaves.
The groups of slaves started running around in all directions.

so i was really impressed if i if i didn't have have if i didn't buy uh used Saabs you know if i didn't have a father and a brother that help me out i would even think about buying something like a Ford Taurus as opposed to a Volkswagen Rabbit or a Toyota
If I didn't know better, I would have chosen bad models.

Sites have their privacy policies (has anyone ever read one of them?)
The privacy policy indicates that if you upload a photo to the web site, they have permission to sell it to advertisers without your knowledge.

There is no time to lose!" Whittington had come down the steps.
We have to leave now! cried Whittington.

Through the competitive grants process, LSC obtains and reviews a substantial amount of data on an applicant's plans and systems for legal work management and supervision, 
LSC reviews a massive amount of applicant's plans.

Cost reduction initiatives that typically arise after a program is experiencing problems are common tools used to manage these risks.
Cost reduction initiatives often include slashing the office Christmas party budget.

One had been a chemical engineer specializing in making yeast and dried soya meal into breakfast cereals.
They were an engineer with the unimportant task of making cereals.

Madeira, alas, is no simple portrait of a Gauguin-like tropical paradise.
Madeira is a different place than first impressions hint.

33 T-ACE also screens for alcohol abuse and dependence.
The 33 T-ACE scans for alcohol ans dependence among other things.

That, in a nutshell, is the history of Kosovo.
That is enough to give an overall impression of Kosovo's future.

um the most yeah yeah a lot of the data entr y stuff they used uh survey system and and um you know just in-house programs to do what they needed i work
The survey systems are efficient. 

Benedykt Ossolinsky, age 39, began to grow childish.
Benedykt Ossolinsky was a 39 year old playwright from New Zealand. 

The intersection of Hollywood and Vine was once touted as the heart of Tinseltown, but now it is rather nondescript, save for the landmark Capitol Records Building, which is shaped like a stack of records.
The Capitol Records Building dates from the early 1950s.

I showed them.
I showed them the project I'd worked with.

For creditable coverage, the CBO estimate is $25 million for the first year and $100 million per year thereafter.
The CBO is the Congressional Budget Office and they handle the finances of the United States Congress.

If he can transport the mail for less than the discount, he will choose to do so.
An intelligent business person will choose a lower cost mail service when available.

Situated in the middle of the Cartmel peninsula south of Lake Windermere, the village of Cartmel has been at the heart of some important events in English history.
Many English kings have visited Cartmel in its history.

 Unlike other islands of the French West Indies, Martinique has poisonous snakes, and walking off a marked forest trail is not recommended.
Martinique has poisonous snakes unlike the other islands of the Fremch West Indies so wallet off the trails is not recommended on the entire island. 

and uh i've noticed over the past say maybe five or six years uh we live about twenty miles away from the state airport and i notice the fly patterns now of the jets are they getting bigger they're swinging wider so that now they're coming over the over the our homes
I love to watch the planes as they fly overhead.

what what is do you have a favorite recipe
Do you have a favorite kosher recipe?

Translational studies that develop methods of adapting already validated interventions into emergency department practice are needed.
Translational studies that develop methods of adapting already validated interventions into emergency department practice are bad for the environment.

yes i have a one a five year old daughter
I love my daughter very much.

In other words, in each succeeding year, a dollar spent on computers purchased 22 percent more computing power on average than it did the previous year.
In the future computers will be powerful and inexpensive.

yeah yeah well to give it give you some perspective my brother's six two and weighs about two hundred and fifty pounds
my brother is six two, my sister however isn't very tall.

The women were laughing and Czarek said:
The girls were sitting at the dinner table laughing when Czarek said:

We welcome this opportunity to highlight the important role that GAO plays to support the Congress for the benefit of the American people.
The American people save on taxed due to GAO.

which which is that it it sort of has some of the some of the music behind it did you ever watch Twin Peaks
This is the same music that was in Twin Peaks!

For example, the university's policies went beyond the traditional warnings against password disclosure by including prohibitions against a variety of possible user actions.
The prohibitions against a variety of possible user actions benefited password security.

more than that more than that i know
He has more money than that I'm absolutely certain.

The Sarbanes-Oxley provisions were based in large part on GAO's new independence standards.
Sarbanes-Oxley must be followed by all certified public accountants. 

If so, why? 
If it is true, why did the people come to that conclusion?

Whether all that amounts to a tax hike or not depends on whether you count not getting previously guaranteed tax cuts as a tax increase . But there is a threat of a real tax increase.
There is a threat of a ISIS at all times

and i said yeah this will be handy because i can use this for all my business expenses so i used it went on a went on a trip and used it got the bill and paid it about three weeks later i get this nasty letter from them saying you haven't paid you're overdue pay it
I was really furious and refused to pay the overdue payment.

It may be so, I said, fascinated by Poirot's eloquence. 
It is perhaps the truth. 

i don't know it what gets me is i can't believe that Congress um or our state legislature can't come up with uh some kind of workable means to have funds for the school you know it's uh i just don't understand that
There is a lot that needs to be done with the school funding system.

It now has the status of a protected National Park.
As a protected National Park, more plants and animals will be able to thrive here.

yeah he's so prolific
He's also very determined.

You can travel by boat into the very heart of the swamp to get a close-up look at the secretive creatures.
The deep swamp is home to these elusive creatures. 

It was too late now, though.
It wasn't quite early enough in the day to continue.

Limitations on Total Emissions
Limitations on Some Emissions

the dominant provider.
The dominant provider of the household. 

class and everything and turn on the TV and watch the news early news and it's like uh i i didn't really need to watch that before i go to bed you know
I'd watch the early news with my parents, I didn't like to watch it before bed.

In examining FAA's efforts to modernize its air traffic control systems, we stated that although FAA has identified an integrated team approach as key to the agency's efforts to deploy systems that meet performance goals, major offices still tended to function in stovepipes that inhibit an integrated team approach.
The FAA continues to move forward with modernizing its air traffic control systems, but due to entrenched management attitudes efforts at workforce integration remain lackluster.

Postal Profits Arise where People Are.
Postal profits are affected by other factors besides people.

No, Johnny Shannon was not a reckless boy; Drew Kirby knew that, if no one else on the Range did.
Drew Kirby was a reckless man.

Legislation circulated by the high court's lobbyist specifies that the hike would apply to attorneys paying full annual registration fees.
The lobbyist says the $50 fee increase would be paid by attorneys.

Abbey et al, 1999 reported associations between long-term PM exposure and mortality in men.
Study shows that long-term PM exposure and mortality in men relate is because PM exposure hampers breathing.

oh it sure does do that
Yes, it does finish that project.

When people think about overcrowding or overpopulation, they typically imagine that if, for example, I had not been born, everyone else would have a slightly bigger share of the pie.
People don't understand overcrowding at all.

The New York Times , for example, has had 114 editorials on campaign finance reform since the beginning of 1997.
The New York Times has published 114 editorials on campaign finance because they are huge donors.

The first outlines the Postal Service's current legal authority to introduce new products and services, the role of the Postal Rate Commission in that process, and the procedural mechanisms available for expedited approval of such innovations.
The Postal Service has the legal authority to start new products that will go out of American homes.

that's true that's that's probably true and America does have a long history of sort of doing things our own way rather than adopting you know some other model
America always does things the best way.

and i think that's but i think uh after after we um after i finish school and we're ready to you know settle down someplace and i get a decent job then we'll look for something probably with a nice size yard that we can have a garden
I have a serious girlfriend and we're engaged.

Parents find themselves intervening to stop their kids from making bad deals with unscrupulous classmates.
Parents are not allowing kids to learn from their own mistakes.

but they never told us why these two people hated themselves or if one had done something to you know really aggravate the other there was never any motive
There was never any motive when it came to these to people, however a similar case put a different spin on it.

Yet young and upwardly mobile islanders do go off in search of fortune, and the most successful return from Brazil, Venezuela, or South Africa to build sumptuous villas overlooking the Bay of Funchal.
The Bay of Funchal is full of people from Brazil, South Africa and Venezuela.

i don't i don't know what Foley's is uh-huh yeah
I'm not sure whether Foley's is a business or a person.

um-hum or it could be like the draft where you know before they draft you they take      you you get a physical anyway so when they send you a draft notice and then they give you a physical and if there's nothing physically wrong with you then you're drafted it doesn't matter how rich you are
You can still be drafted if there's something emotionally wrong with you.

virtually working or playing myself to death all day
I did not take any breaks during the day.

Quite a few clubs can be found along Leeson Street, although some say  the strip  has faded a bit in recent years.
Leeson Strret has become less popular, but still has many places to grab a pint.

The most fantastic show of all is Fantasmic!, an awesome interaction of special effects, animation, and performers.
The show was largely aimed towards kids, as they tend to be the audience most entertained by the use of special effects.

where do you what area do you live in oh okay i live in Dallas uh Rowlett
I've been living in Dallas for seven years now.

The cook will show you where everything is."
The cook will show you how to cook.

GDP in turn influences nonfederal saving
The GDP impacts savings rates by 5%.

But when the English revolutionaries beheaded Charles I in 1649, the Scots rallied round his son, Charles II.
Charles II was always more well-liked than his father, so it was no surprise in 1649 when the Scots chose to rally around him when his father Charles I was beheaded in England. 

In another postal system there might be no differences in the compensation of city and rural carriers or it might be much larger.
The theoretical results of these different postal systems are something worth exploring.

i'll be darn when i uh i'm in uh Plano right now but when i was up at uh McKinney i had uh IBM PS two i loved that thing i loved it
I loved my IBM, but I need something different now.

um-hum don't want to hurt anybody's feelings and get everybody covered
My kids feelings are hurt easily, so I want to avoid that.

No man called 'Franklin' has ever been elected President.
There have been presidents named "Albert".

Alternatively, if it wanted to maintain the FY 2000 overall cost coverage of 126.
The only option is to maintain the FY 2000 overall cost coverage of 126.

Full-time rural carriers' compensation is slightly lower than full-time city carriers.
City carriers earn more because they have more deliveries to make 

Guess the old man is a little addled.
The old man is probably a little addled because he spaces out a lot.

Tuppence eyed her thoughtfully for a minute.
While looking at her, Tuppence noted that her makeup was smudged. 

yeah well i guess too if i thought that this would help really and truly do away with the drug problem then that would be one thing but i think it's too minor and too
This would only temporarily solve the problem with drugs.

Knowing the basis on which the case instances were selected, for example, is crucial in cumulation; otherwise it is not possible to know whether best case, worst case, typical, or the like instances are being aggregated.
There are many cases that were selected through out the history of looking over the cases.

no no not these these are these are all purebred
Purebred are better.

'Thank you.' I stood.
I told my mother thank you for the birthday card. 

Meanwhile, the total value of households' stock holdings grew more than fourfold over the 1990s, and stocks as a share of households' total assets increased from 10 percent in 1990 to 28 percent in 1999.
Households felt more comfortable holding stocks due to the dotcom boom.

When reality interfered (Brenda apparently did not go through with a marriage to an immigrant in search of a green card for $10,000, as she does on-screen), Barker brushed the truth aside as immaterial, following her up the steps of City Hall in her wedding dress because it was true to her character.
Barker was going to get married for the first time that day.

The skill, they say, is to find a slot machine that's hitting ; that is, a computer that's programmed to pay out big money.
It is not hard to find slot machines that pay out big money.

There are 10 km (6 miles) of wild, rocky beaches with a dramatic mountain backdrop.
Most of the rocks on the beaches are brown.

I can imagine she would, said Sir James grimly.
I would imagine she has the potential to, said Sir James.

5 million at the Irish box office over the past three months, making it by far the biggest-earning film in Irish history.
The movie was so popular that it became the most successful movie in Irish history. 

Its poorly equipped armies were defeated by the British in the African desert and by the mountain snows in the Balkans.
The army could have won with a different strategy.

He was the master of the left-hand, right?"Yes," said Adrin.
He was the master of fighting with his left hand. 

There is a particular emphasis on young people.
There's an emphasis on young people to be the ones to raise the money. 

Dr. Arroway (Foster) explains herself to Joss (McConaughey).
Dr. Arroway explained herself after doing the wrong surgery on Joss. 

208 "Yes," she said quietly, "I am Jane Finn.
Yes, I am the one you have been looking for.

The Irish Times carries listings for all such events, and In Dublin has up-to-the-minute information.
The Irish Times carries listings for all concerts and entertainment events, and Dublin has it updated up to the newest ones.

This week, the president's advisory commission drafting his consumer-protection proposals endorsed a host of patients' rights, including the right to appeal mistreatment by insurers.
This week, the president's commission wrote the proposals for patient rights in hospitals.

I was now quite convinced that she had made a fresh will, and 67 had called the two gardeners in to witness her signature. 
She wrote a new will last year.

Instead, Craig concentrated on the overall design.
Craig assumed that details could be figured out later.

They play host to terrorist groups, yet wax indignant when terrorists hijack an aircraft.
They host terrorist groups by necessity.

because of the winters winters  i kind of miss winter since it it didn't do anything down here this winter
There was no snow this winter here.

so i don't i don't even know how much um personal computers cost nowadays
I don't know if a computer is over $900.

Inspectors General and internal senior management councils can contribute to a good overall control environment.
The current inspector general is the most progressive person in the government.

She wrote her note to Mr. Carter in Julius's sitting-room, and was just addressing the envelope when the door burst open.
Her note to Mrs. Carter included a detailed explanation of how she wanted to chop her up and make her into bone broth for lunch. 

Organizational Techniques Companies Use to Perpetuate or Change Beliefs and Values
Companies use these techniques to strengthen their ethical values.

The Appeals court job changed their plans to settle in Lansing, halfway between here and Saginaw, where she grew up.
She was wanting to work for the court.

Sometimes a person in life is faced with a crucial decision, a life choice, a yes-or-no question, a moment when action must be taken decisively without pause or excessive contemplation.
Crucial decisions are part of everybody's life because sometimes we don't have so much time to think.

Where did you find it?
It was hidden up to this point.

The eight infrastructures identified were (1) information and communications; (2) banking and finance; (3) water supply; (4) aviation, highway, mass transit, pipelines, rail, and waterborne commerce; (5) emergency law enforcement; (6) emergency fire services and continuity of government; (7) electric power and oil and gas production and storage; and (8) public health services.
The 8 infrastructures were identified using a stringent set of criteria.

um quality of the food
It was delicious. 

might not go if it was voluntary but i don't know how they'd enforce it if it was
Might not go if it was compulsory 

This is an exchange transaction, because each party sacrifices value and receives value in return.
Each party receives equal value in return.

There's no need for lengthy, costly, uncertain litigation to enforce the law.
The law should be easily understood by anyone.

and i've since discovered that i would be far better off being in the paralegal field because that's the nuts and bolts of the law and that's what i like
I like learning about law but this professional feels like something I could do for the rest of my days.

R. Glenn Hubbard and Jonathan S. Skinner, Assessing the Effectiveness of Saving Incentives, pp. 73-90.
Glenn and Jonathan greatly enjoy their jobs.

First, there are those who argue that worksharing is a kind of deaveraging, which brings prices closer to costs, and that deaveraging is both economically efficient and fair.
The kind of work sharing involved may have a bad impression on organization.

To estimate changes in crop yields, we used biological exposure-response information derived from controlled experiments conducted by the NCLAN (NCLAN, 1996).
The experiments involved stress responses from the changes of temperature to various crop types. 

yeah so my name is Fernando
I changed my name to Fernando when I turned 18. 

She probably ordered them online- fast track delivery.
Ordering them through the internet is the only way she could have gotten them that fast.

oh i'm sure you'll get it done but it just may not of the original obviously not of the original time schedule
If you had more time, you might do a better job.

Last year, she opted to give a recital in Lincoln Center's Alice Tully Hall, rather than in the larger Avery Fisher Hall (to the chagrin of the presenter).
Alice Tully Hall was the only place open last year.

The key to accumulating wealth for retirement is simply the choice to save, although investment choices also matter.
People who do not save during their working lives will be poor when they retire.

Isn't it all panning out beautifully? 
Aren't you glad that things not only worked out eventually, but far surpassed our initial expectations?

And each time she sent photos to her friends to get their opinion.
She sent the pictures to her friends to ask if her nose should be smaller.

Oh, of course, I've got it myself." She put it in the lock, and turned it, then paused.
The lock fell to the floor with a loud thud, alerting people on the other side of the door.

Less than one kilometer (half a mile) from the western end of Princes Street is Dean Village.
You can actually walk to Dean Village from the west end of Princes Street.

The Kal picked up one of the curved swords of the fallen whipmasters and cut Ca'daan's bonds.
After freeing Ca'daan the Kal freed Adrin next. 

so they're taking the world viewpoint
They have changed their minds and are taking the world viewpoint.

Deducing that the whole of the Old Testament was the work of aliens is, therefore, perfectly logical.
Only aliens could read what was on the Old Testament.

This is the venue of the international film festival in May and the recorded music festival (MIDEM) in January.
This is the largest venue where the international film and recorded music festivals have ever taken place.

yeah right right so this has been uh this has been an experience for me and uh uh but i i can't wait until we have uh uh some more time to get out there in the front yard and and really do uh you know a lot of landscaping
I have a pretty big yard, and I think I will turn some of it into a garden.

yeah uh i'm in uh New York upstate upstate upstate New York yeah and uh  long way uh
Home is on the other side of the country.

so so where do you go do you go to Berkeley
I go to Berkeley, do you?

This, along with his leadership skills, had a lot to do with my support for his candidacy.
I support Bernie's candidacy because not only is  he a great leader but he also has a soul. 

unfortunately Yeltsin's got too many connections with the old guard that's the only drawback that i see with the entire thing Gorbachev has m ade his attempt and he's had his problems with some of the old guard himself
The system will be difficult for him to change.

They adopt formal mechanisms and structures that facilitate the ability of their businesses and information technology and management leaders to understand and communicate one anotheras issues and work together to accomplish a shared business vision.
They adopt mechanisms that make businesses able to communicate to work on a project together.

What to do with the real thing worried me no end.
I was worried about whether or not the thing would bite me. 

i bet that's true
Besides it being true, it might also be the cause

As we have reported, the current Medicare program, without improvements, is ill-suited to serve future generations of Americans.
With some changes to the structure, Medicare may be able to serve Americans better yet.

But the antinomian antics of some Madison Avenue firms and glossy magazines hardly establishes that rebel youth culture is the cultural mode of the corporate moment.
Social class tends to affect the number of rebel youths.

if they went in and got him he wouldn't be a martyr what's the word martyr martyr martyr
He wouldn't be a good martyr at least. Good ones die in a blaze of glory.

To visit this establishment, which resembles a private residence.
To visit this establishment that looks like a private residence of the rich. 

The gallery is set in the 18th-century Charlemont House, built for Lord Charlemont by Sir William Chambers.
The gallery has some of the most famous paintings in it.

frequently as a dumbhead to get to the mainframe and and there i tend on almost all of my editing and stuff to to be using some fairly powerful
I still prefer the character environment to GUI.

Here a group of some fifty men were watching the sky, obviously waiting.
Fifty-two men were looking at the sky, waiting for the storm to start.

Case Study A method for learning about a complex instance, based on a comprehensive understanding of that instance, obtained by extensive description and analysis of the instance, taken as a whole and in its context.
Case studies can be used to understand business problems.

yeah the thing uh the other thing too when this all started if you you know if you did much reading on the thing you know Kuwait the country of Kuwait was just you know somebody's uh you go back to World War i when the uh Ottoman empire broke up and the British and the French and the English yeah the British and the French mostly
The Ottoman empire broke up because of the British and French, who didn't help afterwards.

Tax receipts are generally collected from the public by the IRS (Internal Revenue Service) and, to a lesser extent, by the Customs Service and other entities acting as agents for the recipient entities rather than on their own behalf.
 Tax receipts are generally collected from the public every month.

but i got about i've got about a hundred and or had a uh some uh i sold some of them i had about a hundred and fifty old seventy eight RPM records of country and western songs
Country and western music is my all-time favorite genre.

she had a fall and uh finally uh she had uh Parkinson's Disease and it got so much that she could not take care of her house she then she lived in an apartment and um
She needed to move into an apartment due to her illness.

In Singapore, it was really duty free, but it wasn't he who bought it, but his brother, a Blizzair flight attendant, and his wife really did go shopping at Fanfany's, but in Prague.
Blizzair bought it, but did so in secret.

yeah they do kind of follow or
They follow the regularly scheduled broadcast. 

Do you agree with this characterization of Lind's argument?
Do you agree with this description of Lind's argument about the economy?

Internal control should be recognized as an integral part of each system that management uses to regulate and guide its operations rather than as a separate system within an agency.
There are some agencies that regard internal control as a separate part of an agency.

oh it's delicious and it  goes  real good on dandelions um-hum
Dandelions are my favorite weed.

that's that's twelve hundred dollars a year just on lunch
Is it because lunch is so expensive?

Ways to ward off Peter Lorre in M .-- Andrea Carla Been in a Coma Since 1932 Michaels
Andrea Carla has been in a coma ever since she was in a horrific horse riding accident. 

On the Application of Ethnographic Inquiry to  Procedures and Possibilities.
Applying the possibilities 

'I'm afraid that, too, is impossible.
There is one person who could figure out how to make it possible.

Interlocking boards are also fairly common.
Interlocking boards are in high demand.

If that's the case, and there's such a thing as graft in this country, I'll buy her off." Tuppence reassured him.
The to buy her off will be quite high.  

The endless obstacles to confirmation deter the best  According to Mackenzie, the presidential personnel office must frequently offer a job to its fourth or fifth choice because the top candidates don't want to endure the inconvenience.
Since five years ago, the presidential personnel office has not offered a job to its first choice candidate.

A few minutes later Alfred Inglethorp entered the room. 
After a few moments, Alfred Inglethorp rushed into the kitchen.

News lays out Starr's probable  The independent counsel will indict Lewinsky and name Clinton as an unindicted co-conspirator, likely forcing the prez to testify.
The president will be punished for his actions.

Lech Walesa, a shipyard electrician, led worker strikes in Gdansk.
Lech Walesa is one of the most known Poles around the world.

right yeah i i spend a lot of time down in Charlotte uh and on their just the the regular TV not cable you can pick up four PB or three PBS channels
From my experience staying in and visiting people who live in Charlotte, I recall that there are only maybe a handful of over-the-air TV station and no cable access.

The material used in the largest quantity for an FGD retrofit, aside from reagent, is steel.
Steel is more cost effective to use 

Room 1: The 14th-century Coronation of the Madonna of Paolo Veneziano, first of the city's great masters, glowing with characteristic Venetian color and texture.
The piece was painted over a large sheet of scrapped rawhide, instead of the usual vellum.

Tuppence brought in the coffee and liqueurs and unwillingly retired.
Tuppence loves coffee. 

We began implementing these protocols in January of this year and will test them until August 2000.
We are going to test the viability of a hydgrogen cell car in 2000.

You get a notion of the magnificence of Burgundian court life by starting your visit with the ducal kitchens, built in 1435, which boast six enormous walk-in cooking hearths.
The ducal kitchens' cooking hearths are large enough for several people to walk around in. 

Figure 3.5 is not solely a warning.
Figure 3.5 warns of the dangers of having a fishing license. 

As dubious as that sentiment might at first appear, a cursory look through his fellow participants' answers shows that he's quite  As far as News Quiz readers are concerned, those are the two activities associated with livestock.
It turns out that he was much smarter than his fellow participants.

Such expressions might subtly shift market psychology and begin the gradual deflation.
The gradual deflation would be horrible for any currency.

you don't think so i just
I just think that maybe you should give it a try.

The man doing the interrupting was a fine and fearsome specimen.
The man that interrupted us was very attractive.

And they're not.
They're not here 

New directions in brief alcohol interventions in emergency medicine
The old system for brief alcohol interventions doesn't work well enough.

Both candidates cite him as their model.
He is thought of as a model by both candidates because of everything that he accomplished during his term.

Their brutality was legendary; Jews fared no better than Muslims and were massacred as  God killers.  
More Muslim people were killed than Jewish people.

Unless the two people have an agreement not to read anything about Monica, both defend against extreme unhappiness by reading the info, settling for moderate unhappiness.
Monica is a difficult part of the couple's history.

Field Settings.
Only field settings exist.

right i know it
I think I've heard of it.

forget who their quarterback is i can see his face
don't remember the name of their quarterback, but his face is definitely familiar

In this chapter, we journey clockwise around the island, starting at Montego Bay on the northwest coast.
We will visit Montego Bay very briefly before moving on to our next point of interest.

What is the matter with Monsieur Poirot? 
Why is Monsieur Poirot just standing there?

Your friends should have been here by now, shouldn't they?  
Did something bad happen to your friends, that they're not here?

Hannah was recently spotted in New York wearing a hat with a star on it, while Kennedy was photographed elsewhere in the Big Apple wearing a T-shirt with--are you sitting down?
Hannah was recently spotted wearing a hat with a star on it, Kennedy was spotted wearing a T-Shirt with stripes on it.

This might extend the total elapsed time by about four months.
The hearing might extend til the end of December. 

I could only see sideways into the room.
There were no windows to see into the room.  

The Astronomer looked at him hard and Slim faltered to a stop.
The astronomer knew he was lying about the star chart.

i is i'm not sure which one we went into it was about a year or so ago when we went
We went to more than one of them.

I'm just as good as them.
I have skills in many things.

The dinosaurs were still going at it- circling around, tearing at the flanks.
The dinosaurs continued tearing the flanks of skin off the dog. 

because i've got a very small yard the entire size of the lot is only forty five by ninety feet
My yard is the smallest yard in the neighborhood.

At a major financial services corporation, managers are expected to know what their security problems are and to have plans in place to resolve them.
Managers of major financial services corporations must stay at least one step ahead of hackers and thieves.

Warriors come to make money here, not protect villages with the goodness of their heart.
Warriors are here to make money, not to kindly protect villages from torrents.

Hong Kong chefs prepare traditional Chinese food, and the island's two largest saltwater tanks ensure that all seafood is absolutely fresh.
The chefs of Hong Kong prepare traditional orange chicken and the islands largest saltwater tanks ensure freshness.

men and women can vote it's amazing that we can still look overseas and see you know this thing in Saudi Arabia and all and they still don't allow women to vote it is still amazing of course we we don't have such a wonderful history that
A referendum is going on in Saudi Arabia now to get women the right to vote. 

And upon his back shall ride,to his conquests, my Lord, you!
His conquests are long and often end in violence. 

A day, when nothing works, and when life kicks you in the ass harder than your friends at work.
Some days, you just wish you could start over.

Detecting  the CAGE questionnaire.
Analyze the questionnaire of the CAGE in order to level up.

yeah well what about a voluntary program do you think that would be a good idea
Do you think a voluntary program is a good idea, or would people just avoid it?

Our current human capital profile has succession planning, structural, and skills imbalance problems that we need to address if we are to maintain and build our capacity to support the Congress and achieve the goals of our strategic plan in the 21st century.
We have way too many undertrained employees that need remedial education.

more bad weather um-hum um-hum um-hum are you do you work or are you retired or you
The weather sucks lately, makes me think of work.

However, LSC also asked the planners to reopen their consideration of the configuration of the LSC-funded programs believing that a thorough review of this plan leads to the almost inescapable conclusion that while reconfiguration may not be a front-burner issue within this state, there is merit to seriously exploring reconfiguration of the five LSC-funded programs into three.
 LSC believes downsizing the entities into three units will be beneficial to the program overall.

I am not completely confident that racial stereotyping in movies has a significant effect on racial politics.
I don't know that steroytypes hurt Asians that badly.

uh-huh are you a oh so they wanted any anybody don't have to work at TI
They wanted to let everyone have the same chance.

i think because they were they were scheduling a video release of it in July and then when it won all those awards uh they pushed it back to August so but yeah that one is definitely worth seeing it's really good
They spent many hours a day scheduling the best time to release the video.

Surely she was at least entitled to demand an explanation.
She demanded an explanation for the incident. 

AcroseHigh Street you will find the old Royal Exchange, built in the 1750s, which was taken over by the town council for Edinburgh's CityChambers in 1811.
The new Royal Exchange is modeled after the ancient building built in the 1750s.

An increase in deciview is a decrease in visibility.
If it gets hazier or smoggier in Los Angeles then visibility decreases.

A wink's as good as a nod ”from you. 
You don't have to say anything. 

For individuals and the nation as a whole, saving more means forgoing consumption today in order to consume more in the future.
We must forgo consumption right now, or in the future we will not have any food left.

Silence followed.
Stunned silence followed.   

So, you're still wearing your hair in good order?
You always wear your hair so orderly.  

It means 'we don't even want to have an argument with you.
It wouldn't make sense to argue with you.

This simple, even austere Neo-Gothic Catholic church houses what is claimed to be the tomb of St. Thomas.
Anthropologists are working to confirm whether or not the remains are actually St. Thomas.

Kitchell is beginning to nibble at the Range.
Kitchell can't be allowed further into the Range.

Also, the rule contains new salary equivalency guidelines for Medicare payments for the reasonable costs of speech language pathology and occupational therapy services furnished under arrangements by an outside contractor.
The new salary equivalency guidelines will make it harder for individuals to receive services from an outside contractor.

this is you know
This is what I was talking about.

When the system has been defined well enough to manage risks effectively, the agency develops and tests a full-scale system.
The system is actually a computer learning algorithm.

5 billion, but households' wealth declined by nearly $842 billion (2 percent) largely as a result of the drop in the market value of households' stock holdings.
Many people decided to sell some of their stock holdings during this time.

The Administrator of FSIS has concluded that the rule will have a significant economic impact on a substantial number of small entities and an initial regulatory flexibility analysis and final regulatory flexibility analysis has been prepared and included in the notice of proposed rulemaking and the final rule notice, respectively, as required by sections 603 and 604.
The Administrator of FSIS said the rule will have a $3million impact.

and after that's cooked you take it out and pour this on top of it and then you sprinkle the cheese on top of that and you cook it for another three minutes on high
After you add the ingredients put it back in for three minutes and consttantly baste it.

The construction phase is considered complete when the owner accepts occupancy of the facility, although final completion of construction may continue for months (or even years) until all discrepancies have been identified, resolved, and mutually agreed upon.
The construction phase is considered complete when the fat lady sings.

More than a mere palace, El Escorial is an entire royal city living quarters, church, monastery, mausoleum, and museum under one roof.
El Escorial was built in the 15th century atop a rocky hill, naturally absent of trees.

On the ground floor is a modest aquarium showing the sealife of Madeira, while upstairs is a thoroughly old-fashioned collection of stuffed local sea and land creatures.
A stuffed sea turtle is featured in the collection.

Most towns have solved the problem for you by closing off their historical centers (centro storico) to Consider that your rental cars will cost you money while remaining unused albeit safely parked.
It's completely pointless to hire a car for sightseeing.

The caverns of the Grotte du Grand Roc, to the northwest of Les Eyzies, are a natural rather than a historical phenomenon, but well worth a visit for the weirdly shaped stalagmites and stalactites and the panorama of the V??zyre Valley.
You can stay in the caverns overnight on guided expeditions.

This is a starting and ending point for trekkers, and as such is filled with a mix of people in anxious anticipation of their impending adventure and those who have recently returned from exhausting treks.
Many trekkers start expeditions here, but end at other sites. 

yeah and you know and it there are many of them there's no doubt about it
I think they are in the tens of millions, roughly.

yeah i love that movie i absolutely love that and i guess the players uh you know the class A salaries are are really uh not anything a guy can live on too much so i guess they've got to go out and find rooming houses and
Since the class A salary is not enough to live on, they have to share rooms in rooming houses, sometimes 4 guys to a room.

he/she asks.
The person asked a question of the lecturer.

More people apply the term liberal to Clinton than to the Democrats, and more apply the term conservative to the Democrats than to Clinton.
The term liberal is applied the most to Clinton than any other candidate.

so but we don't have a lot of paint inside of course the ceilings are you know all all have to be painted
We need to paint all of the ceilings white.

In Kentucky, as in much of the rest of the nation, abuse victims have increasingly turned to the courts as protective orders have become more accepted, said Billie Lee Dunford- Jackson, assistant director of family violence law and policy for the National Council of Juvenile and Family Court Judges.
Abuse victims have turned to the courts because protective orders work better now, making the consequences strong for those who abuse people.

Or how about offshore R &amp; R? Visit Subic Bay Naval station, rally the troops, or salute their memory, whatever, as long as there's time for off-base socializing.
The naval station in Subic Bay is a fun place to visit

As for Chicago not being as selective as its Ivy League rivals are, the administration should quit worrying about it.
Chicago isn't as selective as Ivy League rivals because it's closer to public transportation.

Napoleon was fond of Fon?­taine?­bleau and he refurnished the pal?­ace after the looting of the Revolution.
Napoleon hoped to one day live in the refurbished palace.

right right it's just it's just uh like a necessary evil i mean when we when our children were younger when they were like four years old three years old five years old we we just had Sesame Street and that was about it you know
Back then, Sesame Street was only shown on Saturdays.

The body is placed on a pyre of perfumed sandalwood, which is then set alight.
Sandalwood is the type of wood traditionally used for the funeral pyres of wealthy people.

i guess uh out of all the movies i've i've never been as excited to go back i was ready to go back and see it again you know
I can't wait to go back and see the musical again.

was it snowing snowing
Was it snowing when you left?

Can't keep even with 'em. 
They didn't know how to keep up with it.

I've never heard of a former governor going to work for a legal aid program, said Gottlieb.
It was surprising when a former governor revealed his plan to work for the legal aid program in his state.

that's not that's really good compared to eighteen and twenty one which some of them are uh uh some of them are really extreme high
It's unexpected that these numbers are as big as they are. 

it's basically the more the business business end of it than the programming end of it you know
Yes the programming aspect is less important in many cases.

A key reason that screening is not performed is the widely held perception that treatment is not effective.
A key reason that screening doesn't happen is the perception that treatment doesn't work for people who drink recreationally.

um-hum oh you are constantly there's always something going wrong
Things have never gone right.

Around him now were men trained from early childhood to this life, and he could show no skill at their employment.
He was by far outnumbered, and he was desperately not ready for this to happen.

We are on the verge of a revolution that is just as profound as the change in the economy that came with the industrial revolution.
The change that came with the industrial revolution was unforeseen.

Problem Reports This indicator involves tracking the number of open and closed problems reported by a contractor as a system is developed.
This metric tracks problems with open, closed and rejected statuses. 

In addition, section 504(a)(8) of the 1996 LSC appropriation authorizes LSC access to the client statement of facts.
The information was readily available.

I tell you.
I know that this is true, I've told you all about it.

let's see what are some other ones i've seen lately i'm trying to remember i can't oh i just saw one on the video oh um have you seen The Gods Must Be Crazy Part Two
I just saw that movie in the theaters and it was great!

During the CAP workshop, GE managers and professional staff are given tools and taught strategies for removing cultural barriers to change.
GE managers tend to use the strategies more than the staff after the workshop is over.

yep for when i read i read for enjoyment or escapism and i
I can spend hours reading, forgetting I need to eat.

For all he knew, in such a sky there might be cracks.
That kind of sky was very different from the sky he was used to.

In 1917 self-determination in India seemed nearer when London announced its plan for  the progressive realization of responsible government in India as an integral part of the (British) Empire.  
Most of the people of India wanted self-determination as soon as possible.

Like my real name couldn't be Pierre LeCluck.
My real name I was born with couldn't possibly be Pierre Lecluck, for fuck's sake.

When a worksharing situation of this kind is faced, there is the potential for the mailer to do the work at considerably less cost than could the postal service.
Mailers often make mistakes so the postal service is more reliable.

outrageous prices yeah
Yeah, Armani has outrageous prices

Sister is very sorry. 
Sister hit me. 

The rest of the abbey was raised to the ground in 1570, but the church was saved because it was a parish church and therefore served the local community.
The abbey was attacked by a religiously motivated arsonist in 1570.

The popes were members of the Borja family, better known to history as Italy's notorious Borgias.
The Borja popes were Pope Pious IV and Pope Adamant the First. 

And, true to my old profession, as I write this I'm crashing to meet the deadline I was assigned by editor Michael Kinsley.
I can always ask for an extension from the editor.

The international industry division and the retail division have common requirements based on the specific industry.
The international industry division typically has more requirements than the retail division regardless of the industry.

The northernmost point in Macau is the frontier between two contrasting worlds.
The Chinese have invested heavily in reinforcing their cultural ideals around the corrupting influence of Macau.

Behind the bank in Foster Place is the intimate Bank of Ireland Arts Centre, which hosts a variety of exhibitions, plays, and concerts.
The Bank of Ireland is behind the bank in Foster place.

yeah really and it was it was real it was even worse here in North Carolina because because a lot of the
North Carolina's location was what made it such a target.

Until it snapped.
It snapped suddenly.

In the United States, American citizens are increasingly demanding improved government services and better stewardship of public resources.
The American citizens believe their government has been mismanaging resources.

The federal government borrows from the public to finance a deficit.
The federal government borrows from the businesses to finance a deficit

so we've just moved with wherever's it happens to be cheapest and they happen to want to survive at  and they want to live at this one for a while
We just moved to a new state with a high cost of living.

Some scholars now postulate that Ramses II was the Egyptian Pharoah of biblical fame who let the Jews leave his land for Israel.
Other scholars claim it was his father, Ramses I, who allowed the Jews to leave Egypt. 

okay my hobby is uh sewing i i've just uh started learning how to sew and uh i've taken some classes and i've made a few few garments do you sew at all
I really enjoy sewing and it's relaxing.

If so, it seems to have worked.
It seems the drones worked if the bombings happened.

By then, the city had become a stagnant backwater.
The city became stagnant and repulsive to most travelers by that time 

I've always heard you Revolutionists held life cheap, but it seems there's a difference when it's your own life 197 in question.
I've repeatedly heard from the bar patrons that you Revolutionists don't value life highly.

It is in the top 100 of Australian companies in terms of size and turnover.
In terms of turnover, it is among Australia's top 100 companies.

but not if we simply add yet another program on top of all of the existing regulations.
Adding another program to an existing regulation is a simple task.

He stood up and peered through the windows of the shed.
He looked through the windows to see what had made the sound.

and uh uh i don't know it's going to be interesting
I do not know, It will definitely be extremely interesting

right right well i i work on GM cars only and i haven't noticed that that much usually the metrics will fit they're so close there's an overlap
It may be more noticeable on cars that are not GM.

There was a click and a buzz.
The click and buzz were accompanied by other sounds.

We were detained under suspicion by the hospital porter, until Cynthia appeared to vouch for us, looking very cool and sweet in her long white overall. 
Cynthia lied, we were guilty. 

Immigrants, social workers and bus drivers come to her for advice on divorce, child custody and bankruptcy.
She is trusted by the immigrants and social workers.

constitute uh dismissal or grounds for whatever the company or agency might uh have set up for those who genuinely have a problem in other words there needs to be um more than
The dismissal with be both swift and brutal in nature.

Surely a chilly business partner would at least have known about a case that was about to go on legal record and would never have urged her husband to brazen it out with the grand jury and start the whole miserable ball rolling.
She was clearly hoping that her husband would go to jail so that she could take the business for herself.

Based on availability of resources, particularly labor, it is projected that an additional 6,000 MWe of FGD capacity could be built for a total of 10,000 MWe by 2005.
This capacity level would meet demands for ten years.

The covered market, built in volcanic stone from Agde with a timber frame, dates back to the 17th century.
The market has all kinds of crafts and delicious foods.

Thar's always some greenhorn as thinks he has "
There are greenhorns and they are no good.

um yeah it's it's one of the reasons why you know The Godfather's been on our minds lately um but uh there's a bunch of scenes from uh uh from The Godfather that's used because Matthew Broderick's going to film school and uh in his classes they're using there's a bunch they're running a bunch of scenes from The Godfather and then he's running into Marlon Brando who is playing you know this Mafia you know this uh organized crime head
We are big fans of The Godfather.

it's a lot easier then
I don't think there are really ever good reasons to complicate your life.

Then a single word rang out, a string of sounds that should have come from no human vocal chords.
The string of sounds hurt my mind.

The rapid increase in attention-deficit disorder is a striking example of diagnosis creep.
Psychiatrists diagnose attention-deficit disorder in order to score repeat patients.

(He has forsworn cereal analogies.)
He has sworn against using cereal analogies because they annoy him.

Remember, I haven't seen you since that time in hospital in 1916."
I saw you in 1915.

AMERICAN BAR ASSOCIATION, STUDY OFFEDERALLY FUNDED LEGAL AID FORMIGRANT FARMWORKERS (1993).
The American Bar Association wanted to discuss the legal aspects of funding migrant workers' legal aid.

The paths are mostly gentle but exhilarating just the same time.
Some of the paths are extremely difficult to pass.

Search engines, for example, are in the reptilian phase of their evolution.
The search engines will keep evolving until they are perfect.

She was afraid that particular wrinkle on the face of her future husband will destroy the photo in the wedding announcement section of the newspaper, but fortunately, her parents arranged for photo-shopping at the editorial offices, so everything would turn out just fine.
The wrinkle on the face of her future husband was due to exposure to radiation.

Well, PFC Menaker is here to tell you, God help me, I do love it so.
I know of KFC but less about PFC.

A deep fog rolled through the valley.
The bloodshed from the night before painted the fog red.

You're too weak to control the salamander, but this was done well in the emergency.
You can't control the salamander yet, but someday you'll be able to.

And yet (no doubt largely because congressional Republicans were overplaying their hand), the public gave Clinton more support than had ever been enjoyed by Richard Nixon (personal  67 percent) or even Ronald Reagan (personal  68 percent--mass adulation of Ronald Reagan being a largely retrospective phenomenon).
The president was well liked among their people.

A series of self-guided nature trails and some longer hiking trails wind through Will Rogers State Historic Park in Pacific Palisades , offering panoramic views of mountain and ocean.
There are nature trails in Will Rogers State Historic Park that have a beautiful spot to sit and reflect.

Tim Hutchinson, R-Ark., calls the case symptomatic of the casual attitude with which the Clinton administration views issues of national security.
The Clinton administration believes foreign policies should be strict.

Our British friend instantly and effortlessly e-mailed us the rogue spy's article, and if we hadn't been worried about British law we would have made it as instantly and effortlessly available in Britain as if he'd published it himself.
Our concerns about British law, we late discovered, were largely unfounded.

This is another game in which lessons and lots of spare money are recommended.
You can take lessons from pro players.

Many of us put on our seat belts while the car is in motion.
Seat belts are the law, you will be killed if you don't wear one.

The war metaphor has changed the nature of media coverage.
The war is about the war on drugs.

Greuze led on.
Greuze, although exhausted, continued to move along the path. 

The demise of Communism in 1989 and the move to a free-market economy have had a dramatic impact on Poland as a shopping destination.
The economy had failed to grow in the last decade of Communism.

but um the only thing i would have thought of is my husband just said this he said public bathrooms he
The public bathrooms make me think of my husband.

Over the next two centuries, Cairo became a center of culture and learning that was unsurpassed in the Islamic world with the establishment of the renowned El-Azhar University and mosque.
In those same two centuries, Cairo also saw the establishment of a multitude of libraries and research centers.  

(Audio and video samples and photos are available on the official site.)
The photos on the official site are nice to look at.

and i had to go through you know a physical and everything and before they even told you you were hired like they just called me in for an interview
I didn't mind going through the physical.

Lind means to debunk minimal realism, the argument that the United States should do only those things in the world that it really has to do, because the great evils it must avoid are overextension and overcommitment.
Minimal realism says that the US must avoid overcommittment to foreign wars.

Reviewers find Leger less the stolid, ruminative Marxist and more the witty virtuoso (Robert Hughes, Time ). While they still celebrate his depictions of the early-20 th -century city, they now also notice his little-known forays into Dadaism and Fauvism.
Leger was a prolific artist of many styles.

I suppose that's where you come in.'
You are the key to everything.

For example, an agency that is experiencing particularly significant challenges in integrating disparate organizational cultures (such as the proposed Department of Homeland Security) may be an especially appropriate first phase candidate.
The first phase is a workplace training helps managers and employees build teamwork, inter-office communication and a cohesive work culture. 

Even if they bill themselves as voting sites rather than polling sites, Web sites such as Dick Morris' Vote.com tacitly imply that the results of their online polls are reliable and valid.
Dick Morris' Vote.com is a website is not a voting site.

However, she did neglect to mention a more interesting controversy within the mental-health community regarding the nature of diagnosis.
She always leaves the important parts out of things.  

two or more of the above.
Four total of the above.

I have killed lords and cutthroats across half the world.
I have killed twelve people.

Jaume I died after reigning in Arag??n for six decades, but he made the cardinal error of dividing between his sons the lands he had fought for so long to unite.
Jaume I's empire would have stayed intact if he had only left it to his oldest son.

The trooper was younger than the rest, his face still holding something of a boyish roundness.
Most troopers were here arleady for a long time, and they were old.

Hence, well and truly do I want you."  "Huh?" He stared at her, watching the blush deepen.
I want you, no matter what.

… When I was a boy I heard a famous murder trial.
I heard a famous murder trial as a young boy, and it inspired me to study law in my adult years. 

The power of Rome endures both in the spirituality evoked by every stone of St. Peter's Basilica and in the almost physical awe inspired by the splendors of Vatican City
People visit the Vatican City for the sense of awe.

You can divide your visit into three or four separate tours, each of which could fill either an afternoon or an entire day.
These are tours of various vampire homes

Fifth, there might be changes in the role the Postal Service plays in policing the fraudulent use of the mails.
The Postal Service isn't strict enough with policing mail fraud.

As a husband, father and tenant of a Grand Rapids public housing complex, Aubrey Robertson puts security at the top of his home priority list.
Men tend to be more concerned with home security than women.

Information sharing and coordination among organizations are important aspects of producing comprehensive and practical approaches to combating computer-based attacks.
Combating computer-based attacks is a key point for security of many corporations.

it went out for the walk with him and enjoyed you know uh pushing the cart or pulling it or whatever you know but that is that's great my stepfather is seventy four and he goes golfing every day
It went with him for the walk and it really enjoyed being outside.

There is none.
All of it is gone.

primarily one of his brothers and i won't give the the whole plot away but it's it's really a good movie uh Al Capone had three brothers
I think you would enjoy watching this Al Capone movie.

'  In a report from its Moscow correspondent, Le Monde said presidential hopeful Gen.
Le Monde said it in a report from its Moscow correspondent, but not everyone agreed with that.

Mon Dieu!'  
Mon Dieu means My God, I think.

The ruins of the huge abbey of Jumiyges are perhaps the most the white-granite shells of two churches, the Roman?­esque Notre-Dame and the smaller Gothic Saint-Pierre.
Gothic Saint-Pierre nonetheless offers more seating than Notre-Dame, even though it's smaller.

The fighters of the underground Resistance movement were heroic, but they were a tiny minority, a few of them conservative patriots like de Gaulle, most of them socialists and communists, and also a handful of refugees from Eastern Europe.
Socialists and communists took part in the Resistance because of their opposition to fascism.

The Alliance won 51 of 52 seats in the 1955 election on a platform promising an equitable multiracial constitution.
The proposed constitution was the first multiracial and equitable one of its kind.

The insurrection was quashed and its leaders executed, but the king got the message.
To address the peoples' concerns, the king cut taxes.

yeah i don't mind the heat that much it doesn't bother me that much cold weather i just i don't know i just can't tolerate too much with the
I don't mind the heat, but I can't tolerate the snow that comes with cold weather. 

i i'm thinking it might have been the kind of deal where her husband was governor and he died or something
She inherited the position. 

They were buried at this busy public place as a warning not to try to outsmart the sultan.
The Sultan was responsible for their deaths.

For additional information on our work concerning corporate governance, the accounting profession, financial reporting, and related regulatory matters, please contact Jeffrey C. Steinhoff, Managing Director, Financial Management and Assurance, on (202) 512-2600 or at SteinhoffJ@gao.gov.
Steinhoff is the Managing Director of Financial Management and Assurance for the IRS.

it's it's it's it has a four speed i like that stick shift but see that's top of the line that costs twenty whereas a Taurus would cost about a regular Taurus i think is twelve or thirteen
The owner is good at driving a stick shift.

The assessment concluded that the best solutions to address risks to environmentally stressed resources are conservation measures applied in concerted, concentrated efforts in priority areas, with smaller scale efforts going to sectors outside priority areas.
The assessment concluded that resources should be allocated based on political reasons. 

In the north, where song was subject to Arabian and Persian influences, it varies from dhrupad, meaning austere and without embellishment, to the more florid khyal, India's version of bel canto, or thumri, the style of light-hearted, tender love songs.
Dhrupad and khyal are only played in the north.

Unrelenting, Milosevic undertook the massacres of the last year, which finally precipitated NATO's bombing.
Without relent, Milosevic undertook massacres of last year which on their own led to NATO bombing. 

Stained-glass windows add to the calm and peaceful atmosphere, especially when worshippers are at quiet be careful not to walk in front of those at prayer.
You shouldn't walk in front of the prayers because it's disrespectful.

Our specific objectives were to identify (1) critical success factors in building information-sharing relationships and (2) related challenges and how to address them.
Identifying critical success factors will help the information sharing relationships

However, information alone may not change clinical practice.
Both information and regulation are needed to change clinical practice.

He had married two years ago, and had taken his wife to live at Styles, though I entertained a shrewd suspicion that he would have preferred his mother to increase his allowance, which would have enabled him to have a home of his own. 
His allowance was less than generous thus it warranted an increase.  

you can buy marinating mixes here i don't know if  get it up there or you can you know marinate it in any kind of barbecue sauce you like and then you um
You can buy spicy marinating mixes here.

To the northwest of the Diwan-i-Khas, the Moti Masjid (Pearl Mosque) is the one contribution to the Fort by Shahjahan's successor, Aurangzeb.
Aurangzeb died before he could contribute to the Fort in a significant way.

and um we've always paid tax um you know on everything we purchased you know even food at the grocery store so i thought it was really you know kind of a pretty good deal not to have to pay tax on your groceries groceries and but i think i mean i i don't enjoy paying taxes and it's hard but um i think that's what we have to have to you know have our streets and and have our government and  excuse me and have and have the services that we need and we have to pay for them and pay for the employment of the people that run them and and things like that and i think i guess what i feel is that most people um they don't like to pay taxes because they feel like well there's some people who aren't paying their fair share
I would not want to pay more than 10% tax on the groceries I buy because that is not fair to low-income people.

TO MARGUERITE!" Tommy had run back to the stairs.
Tommy held the banister at the foot of the stairs.

They began to sell microscopes, and secretly, as a freebie, were including with each purchase a set of several million pucks.
They made a lot of money with their business.

But there are only a few of us who possess a stout enough psychological profile to allow ourselves or even imagine ourselves purchasing a big cushy wonder boy or girl reclining chair.
Only a few of us can imagine buying a recliner and expect to put it in our office.

The best in Varadero is La Bamba at the Hotel Tuxpan (entrance US$10-$15).
The best in Varadero is La Bamba at the Hotel Tuxpan but they are still not very good.

(Likewise, if the governors' popularity is legitimate, then so is Clinton's.)
Clinton's popularity was proven legit by numerous polls.

And you Herman, don't you like alcoholic drinks of the world?
Herman may not like very many acoholoic drinks.

Cervantes added that undocumented laborers have the same rights as anyone else in the workplace, except they can't file for unemployment benefits if fired.
There has been a push to allow undocumented workers to file for unemployment benefits if fired.

Seething under the brim of his three-corner hat.
He was wearing a big purple hat.

Finally, in 1936, a large section of the army under General Francisco Franco rose in revolt, claiming the support of the monarchists, conservatives, the Church, and the right-wing Falange par?­ty, the fascist movement which had been founded in 1933 and which Franco subsequently declared to be the only legal party in Spain.
Franco's section of the army rose in revolt and killed many.

The political debate over those questions will be more practical and less ideological, paradoxically enough, if scientific claims about a long-term payoff, or the lack of one, are left out of it.
The political debate doesn't address the payoff.

If they're not willing to settle for it now, let them go cold turkey.
They should settle for it because going cold turkey would suck.

yeah killed five children or something like this and and and you don't get to hear that part
They should get more years in prison for their murder.

it it the the the wind's blowing very hard but i guess uh you know we're just out of March and uh will bring the rain in April
The rain will come in April, but it will produce flowers in May.

uh yeah i just keep thinking all the time i mean it it's really rough to keep yourself on a strict budget for a long long time when your you know your priority at least mine is to save for the house but then it's awful hard to really scrimp for a long long time and keep putting all the money into that down payment you feel like you want to live a little bit in the meantime
I try to save twenty percent for my down payment.

However, those with more time can continue along the southwest coast.
People who have lots of time can drive for 20 hours down the coast.

see that's how that's how i am but my mama was not raised like that and so
I'm some times like that, but my mother was never like that.

One thing this method is not is easy.
This method is the most difficult method.

puts a lot of color out there
Any color on the spectrum is possible to see.

White cleared his throat.
White wanted attention and made a noise in his throat.

How could a child that young know one kind of paper from another?
Children under five often can not read so they would not be able to understand what they were looking at. 

The great historical novels are always about contemporary consciousness.
Historical novels are better than modern ones.

yeah i've enjoyed them so it doesn't really matter
If I hadn't enjoyed them, it would have mattered.

Sixteenth-century mapmakers back in Spain mistakenly confused the names, so that in the end the port became San Juan and the whole island was called a rich port ; once on the maps, the names stuck.
The original name for the island has been lost to history.

That is another investment one can make for old  so to conduct oneself in prior years that one can feel one has paid one's dues.
People can invest in their own futures.

Volume II presents the standards alphabetized by topic, pulls together all references to a particular topic in one section, and integrates illustrative material from both the SFFASs and the original Exposures Drafts wherever possible.
Volume I deals with term explanation and answer classification & FAQs.

Its yellow courtyard and little-altered architectural features are complemented by a large collection of 17th- and 18th-century furniture.
Its yellow courtyard and little-altered architectural are showing its age.

a 1353 may be retained by the employee for personal use.
1353 is used by many employees.

I have yet to obtain viewership figures for Moesha , but I suspect the show will be in the top three among blacks.
The show will be in the top three among blacks and the top nine among whites.

I knew there would be some demand for this, but I was really pleased with the turnout for the first two sessions.
I was happy there was a 100 percent turnout for the therapy sessions.

(a) LSC and the Government, also a petitioner, claim that Rust v.
LSC questioned the ruling.

Of course he had seen very little of Hunt Rennie at the Stronghold; his father had ridden south on patrol with his own private posse shortly after his own arrival there.
Hunt Rennie and his men all rode black stallions to match their uniform. 

In contrast to the tragedy of his personal life, whatever Rennie had turned his hand to in the new territory had prospered.
Unlike the past, Rennie prospered in the new territory because he left his bad habits behind.

Providing resources in the emergency setting has implications for the primary care setting.
These resources might include medical equipment.

We'll love you here even if you have a paunch or imperfect thighs!
This place accepts all body types.

He shared a copy and I would like to share it with you.
The copy contains classified information.

Construction began in 1519 and was largely finished by 1547.
Construction took a very long time. 

The Commission did not identify any other statute or executive order imposing procedural requirements relevant to the OASIS rule.
A decision by the Commission is absolutely final and there is no chance for reevaluation of the circumstances of the OASIS rule.

yeah yeah i like those  um they they made a couple of those uh they made one for my uh bridal shower and i was pretty pleased i never made one for myself though but they look easy enough to make it's not
They look pretty easy to make and should only take a few minutes of one's time.

It also includes providing a proper amount of supervision.
There were many who found that there wasn't enough supervision the last time around.

i didn't yeah
I didn't today, but I will tomorrow.

I do feel like a rabbit.
I feel as nervous as a rabbit.

Grandparents and fathers push the carriages of the new arrivals during the evening volta, or stroll, glowing in the warmth of the congratulations of their neighbors and friends.
Father push strollers while they walk past the townspeople who cheer them on.

54,000 (88 km/55 miles northwest of Madrid)
The town is 55 miles NW of Madrid.

The postwar Romantic look involved sloping shoulders, a very straight spine, delicate bones, and no muscles whatsoever.
The postwar Romantic look is very different from today's contemporary look. 

it at times gets incredibly hot here
It can get to over a hundred degrees here.

Until the early 1990s much of the coastline was undeveloped, but a rash of building projects creates an almost continuous ribbon all along the shoreline.
The area's potential had yet to be fully realized before the early 90s.

Internal Validity The extent to which the causes of an effect are established by an inquiry.
The inquiry was conducted by a special committee.

the yours is my second one
I had one before you arrived.

and i think i guess in in uh ironic way a lot of good came from the Vietnam war toward this war because like we we said earlier that you know the a lot of eyes were opened after years and years of of that war and and
The war was a good thing.

Do you not think that it bears a marked resemblance to your own hand-writing ”carelessly disguised?
Why yes I believe it does look rather similar.

Adjoining it is the King's bedroom, where Louis died of gangrene of the leg in 1715.
The other thing adjoining it is the religious hall.

no it's not chopsticks it's the other one that has the um oh i don't even i don't i don't know enough about music to do it but you the bottom person uses two hands and the top person just uses one hand and it's this little melody i it may have been a girl thing
He rarely studied music and knew next to nothing about anything relating to music, although he enjoyed K-Pop.

yep i don't know so do you think uh you think Vegas is going to win the finals then
Do you think UNLV will make it to the finals?

yeah yes i have that was pretty good
Yes, I have watched that movie, and I like it.

did you ever try that
Did you ever try swimming?

Just an idea of mine.
This is just one of my many ideas.

oh that's yeah that's for sure um what kind of paint do you like to use
Do you have a favorite brand, texture, or color of paint that works best for you?

And, unfortunately, too many of us did nothing.
We were too scared to do anything.

The emperor is known to have consulted a whole panel of experts from Hindu and Muslim schools of astrology.
The emperor wanted to hear a range of opinions.

We note, however, that they are the subject of considerable controversy.
There is undeniable controversy surrounding the Clinton family. 

Shall we form a business partnership?"
Shall we sell bicycles together?

Greed is not good - greed is bad!
It is immoral to be greedy.

You'll find a wide range of facilities here, from an 18-hole golf course to a theme park with cinemas, a monorail, boat-rides, and restaurants even a 32-lane ten-pin bowling center.
The wide range of facilities is neccesary to appease tourists.

In the meantime, we can take only meager pride in achieving a society in which interracial marriage is safe, legal and, alas, rare.
There has been more interracial marriages in the past ten years.

Next door is the Hong Kong Space Museum and Theatre (open Monday, Wed?­nesday Friday 1 9pm; Sat?­ur?­day, Sunday 10am 9pm; closed Tuesday; admission HK$10 adults, HK$5 children; separate admission to theater).
It is said that the Hong Kong Space Museum and Theatre are known to host special events.

The Congress, through its appropriations subcommittees, has proven quite adept at creating and granting the kind of flexibility it sees as appropriate to any given agency.
Congress someones gives agencies the ability to choose their own operating hours.

If all consumers were fully Ricardian, private saving would fully offset any change in government saving, and national saving would be unchanged.
If all American consumers were Ricardian, savings by people would offest government savings.

yeah well yeah i kind of like it when they do that because the video like i said there are certain things you can't do with a video and the idea that they may put a little extra in it i think is a good idea
I like it when they add extra cuts in the video.

no no i haven't uh i hadn't tried in fact we were we were planting flowers this weekend so uh i was pretty tied up
I was pretty tied up this weekend because I was planting flowers in my grandma's house.

For example, a hypothetical study conducted in New York and one conducted in Seattle may report different C-R functions for the relationship between PM and mortality, in part because of differences between these two study populations (e.g.
Differences can include gender, age, and income.

Commentators politely overlooked the fact that Jordan is still a monarchy.
The commentators ignore that Jordan has a king because it's not an oppressive monarchy.

and he's cutting it down  so that's all right flower beds are all right anything as long as it doesn't rub up against the siding
The landscaping was a success for the most part.

Guangzhou's most important Buddhist monument is the 1,400-year-old Temple of the Six Banyan Trees (open 8am 5pm).
Guangzhou is a place where Buddhism is prominently practiced.

Someone else made her trash her house and scrawl imprecations on the walls, but cutting her wrists, she says, giggling, was all her own work.
She was declared mentally disturbed for laughing about her suicide attempt.

The  The president's advisers and insurers want him to settle the case, because no matter what the outcome, pretrial discovery would be humiliating.
The public will see settling the case as an admission of guilt, however.

Do not trouble, Mary, said Inglethorp. 
inglethorp didn't want to see Mary bothered.

Volume II is under development at this time and will be organized alphabetically by topic.
Volume II will be an improvement over Volume I

Also, most discussion of the decline in personal saving focuses on the adequacy of individuals' retirement saving rather than on the significance of personal saving for the economy as a whole.
Most discussion of the increase in personal saving focuses on the adequacy of individuals' retirement

and Public Affairs Randi Youells, Vice President for Programs David L. Richardson, Acting Vice President for Administration Danilo A. Cardona, Director of Compliance and Enforcement Alice Dickerson, Director of Human Resources Michael A. Genz, Director of Program Performance John C. Meyer, Acting Director of Information Management Leslie Q. Russell, Director of Information Technology
David L. Richardson is known in the workforce for his work ethic.

, selling postage stamps, rating and receiving parcels, etc.);
Many new systems have been improved, including the process of selling postage stamps.

Training programs have proven more effective than others.
Training programs yield better results than other programs.

But as with any good museum, you can learn a lot and enjoy yourself too.
There is a lot of information about the culture in the museum.

Never mind. 
It does not matter.

Why not tell me? I'm sure our guest won't mind a little family discussion.
Our guest has a large family of his own.

Indian diamond mines produced some of the world's greatest gems, including the Kohi-nur (Mountain of Light), now in the British crown jewels, having originally been set in the Peacock Throne.
The diamond mines in India contain some of the world's greatest gems, the Kohi-nur (Mountain of Light), which now resided in the British crown jewles, having previously been set in the Peacock Throne which are worth a ton of money.

The French War Memorial on the coast road stands opposite a monument to Gandhi.
The coast road sees a lot of traffic daily. 

After 20 years of marriage and raising our children, my husband and I have decided to stop torturing each other.
We plan on torturing each other some more in the future.

Lanais afford views of the Diamond Head end of Waikiki Beach.
You can see the Diamond Head from every room in Lanais.

Weather permitting, the observation decks on the 45th floors of both towers offer views all the way to Mt.
The observation decks offer better views when the weather is sunny

Tens of millions of humans, as we know, willingly partake of marijuana, and these differences between rat and human behavior should discourage us from using two rat studies to assert that a) marijuana is addictive in the same way as harder drugs are and b) marijuana primes humans for addiction to harder drugs.
More rat studies are planned to investigate the impact of marijuana.

If only Klein weren't so categorically averse to American health culture, he might allow that a little self-imposed Puritanism now and then--a little punishing exercise here, a little culinary deprivation there--can be a sensual pleasure too, albeit of a different sort.
Klein is categorically averse to the health cultures of many nations.

The dollar value for URS is the average of the dollar values for the 7 different types of URS.
There are some who believe that the numbers would be more accurate while averaging 5 different types of URS.

does it matter to you do you have a lot of violence where you live
Whether or not it matters depends on where you live.

The provision of alcohol interventions in emergency departments (ED) may provide an opportunity to treat individuals who are currently not actively seeking such care.
Alcohol interventions in the ED help treat people who have been in denial.

are you in Texas now
Are you in the midwest now?

Now the northern trail had become too perilous for the brill.
The trail was completely impassable. 

The final rule contains a revised information collection requirement which is subject to approval by the Office of Management and Budget (OMB).
The final rule will be followed.

DiClemente noted that some trials have found patients with more severe problems being helped
DiClemente thinks that the fact that these patients are receiving help is a positive development for the healthcare system.

He's going there to collapse it.
George wants to help collapse the tunnel. 

Fair enough.
That sounds just.

Mon ami Hastings! he cried. 
Clarence cried out Mon ami Hastings!

Cheer up, John! I said soothingly. 
I wanted him to know I was here for him. 

Most Falwell-style Christians would probably say yes, since the Antichrist is a false Messiah, he'll have to be Jewish, like Christ himself.
Falwall would say yes to that question, no matter what the bible says.

He sent paralegals and staff attorneys to conduct several daylong educational clinics at local churches, schools and communitybased organizations.
They sent lots of educated people to help.

elements of the issue that was examined and presents the initial arguments in favor of the various resolutions and the findings of the study that support these resolutions.
initial arguments support the resolutions over the trade deal.

i think they said forty one had been shot out of one church in the last year
It is normal for people to be shot out of the church.

it's terrible it's i don't know if the Dallas location it just seems that um sometimes i feel like i'm in a singles bar
It's not good and I have mixed emotions about it since the Dallas site just feels like a meat market at times.

Until it sticks, go out and enjoy life!' The professor said without even looking at the patient.
The patient had a terminal illness.

What if he keeps us out of war through policies that make the world more dangerous for our children?
It's not worth it to have the children be in harms way instead of sending adults to fight.

The colorful little symbols filling the grids remind me of Gustav Klimt (whom Close studied in Vienna in 1964), especially when Close is luxuriating in the dark tangle of the artist Kiki Smith's hair ( Kiki , 1993).
The grids are masterfully done by Close.

um well no i i i think um i i i don't think we're saving anything i i think what we're doing is we're we're we're making it possible to
They won't be able to keep their promises, so we're not saving anything.

oh it sounds like your kids are doing stuff so are are you a teacher i gathered you might be a teacher
Are you a junior high teacher?

EPA's discussion of its compliance with the Paperwork Reduction Act was omitted from the final rule, including the agency's response to comments by OIRA required to be discussed in the final rule by 44 U.S.C.
Congress didn't deem the discussion to be necessary to the final rule.

It's been a great planet.
The planet is the best planet ever. 

Awara typically packs its heat-seekers into modern, luxury hotels whose harsh concrete exteriors hardly reflect the tranquilizing pleasures provided within.
Awara is a popular tourist destination

In Turkey, people eat out regularly, and as a result there are many restaurants, cafes, and food stalls o pen all day and late into the evening.
People love eating out in Turkey, so most restaurants and other places to eat are open all day and later into the night.

Modeling shows that when full implementation of existing regulations such as the acid rain program, the NOx SIP Call, the Tier II standards for cars and trucks, the heavy duty diesel engine standards, and the low sulfur gasoline and diesel fuel rules are taken into account, additional reductions will be needed to bring areas into attainment.
The acid rain program entails regulations for acid and rain.

uh it's quite a bit different than uh Texas i don't know if you've ever been outside of Texas but uh when i moved to Texas i was told oh well there's no personal income tax well they nail you on property taxes in uh Texas and then that's how they get their money to take care of the schools and things
I was thrilled to learn that Texas did not have personal income tax.

I grew tired of her as young men do when the gold always shines over the next mountain.
A new adventure called me away from my girlfriend.

For example, it has been clarified that if a case file fails to contain any required documentation
This information includes budget summaries and biographical data on the author.

The Alternative Estimate reflects the impact of changes to key assumptions associated with the valuation of mortality.
The key assumption changes turned out to have much larger impact than expected.

This section describes the first step in this process, the estimation of changes in the incidence of adverse health effects.
They estimate the changes of bad health effects from the environment.

He spends a month in the hole, then chastises his fellow judges for not considering solitary confinement a cruel and unusual punishment.
He yelled at the other judges for not agreeing with him after seeing how the people were treated in solitary confinement.

We call it the Old One, said Ca'daan, smiling at them.
Ca'daan smiled as he spoke to the crowd.

Conservatives, after all, have spent the last year crediting Clinton's polls to  He has lucked into the best economy in history.
Clinton was taking full advantage of the best economy in history.

What did this man want of him anyway?
There was nothing at all that the man could want of him.

My successor, perhaps!
The one who comes after me and is better than me.

yeah yeah that was a big problem was i was in South Dakota course we'd had plenty of snow but uh every once in a while they they get shorted on the snow and the water supply starts drying up
If we didn't get enough snow in South Dakota, the water supply will dry up but it is resolved quickly with the spring rains.

It is an L., depend upon it!"
The L in question is the L Train in New York.

German agreed but told the redhead he'd better get out of there when the linemen came out.
The German deeply cared about the redhead's safety.

concluded that additional consideration is appropriate before issuing final guidance.
This additional consideration would take a lot of time and be very thorough.  

If the beach or pool begins to pall, kids can make a bigger splash on a giant waterslide.
The giant waterslide is one of the most popular rides.

and i think you know to yeah and then you have the women uh detectives now and you know different roles just in what we see and so we probably want to do that even more now
More women are being encouraged by other women taking these roles.

Well, sir, not very often nowadays, though from time to time we do have what the young gentlemen call 'a dress-up night.' And very funny it is sometimes, sir. 
We don't often have dress up night because we are very busy.

You can see some of his belongings, his famous portrait by fellow-monk Fra Bartolomeo, and the picture of his burning at the stake in Piazza della Signoria.
He was burned at the stake for the crime of blasphemy.

That's OK.
That is not offensive.

The Indians had known other conquerors, but at least they had been able to gain a sense of them as human beings.
The conquerers were cold and robotic. 

I loved you that first moment in the car when the bullet grazed your cheek… . Five minutes later Jane murmured softly: "I don't know London very well, Julius, but is it such a very long way from the Savoy to the Ritz?"
"Is there a huge distance between the Savoy, Trafalgar Square and the Ritz?"

It has not only met expectations, but exceeded them.
No one expected it to exceed expectations. 

10 See the appendix for a further explanation about electronic signatures and GAO's review of such applications.
The explanation for GAOs is located on page XIVII. 

the dogs more sullen the farther up you went, and Russian and Roman churches below, the sunlight on the river, the bridge empty, the outer one half-hidden, I was shocked by the sudden distance
Some of the dogs were better tempered the further up you went.

Just south of the cathedral are superb colonial mansions with bright shutters and mediopuntos, and an attractive little cul-de-sac (Callejen de Chorro) with a graphic arts workshop.
There are superb colonial mansions south of the cathedral which used to house the country's wealthiest.

I'll go."Nye started out.
After Nye confessed, they said, "I will go."

Jon shot the horse in the head and it crashed down before it had overran and trampled San'doro.
The horse had been spooked during the battle.

and i was so surprised to hear how many people like whenever they're in you know the older people they're like um fastened to their beds so they can't get out just because they you know they wander the halls
I did not want to see them being restrained.

There was only barren earth, with a tiny, limp sapling in the middle of empty acres.
The whole area looked like a hot desert.

Well, Texas sure is a great big piece o' country, so maybe you don't know 'bout them river tricks.
Texas was seeing more and more immigrants that summer.

Much of the rich history and surviving architecture of Dublin comes from the Georgian period.
The Georgian period was five hundred years ago.

And my sixth sense tells me that it won't stop there.
I am sure the damage will not stop.

go anywhere yeah
Go anywhere, but I'd suggest the aquarium.

The museum will surprise many visitors expecting a victim's account of one of this century's most controversial decisions; yet the curators have gone to considerable lengths to document the horror of atomic weapons and nuclear war in general, driving toward the inevitable conclusion that such weapons must never again be used.
The document contains details about how atomic weapons are made.

That gives us very little time very little time indeed."
That means we have to get moving.

In other words, just two years ago, the magazine felt it unfair to give Caltech, MIT, and Johns Hopkins credit for having lots of fancy laboratories that don't actually improve undergraduate education.
The magazine protested that the money spent on the laboratories would have been better spent on something that improved undergraduate retention rates.

Look for scenes of boats sailing on the Nile, and weapons of war including spears and shields.
In addition to boats on the Nile, you can also see large ships carrying cargo.

According to the Center for Social Development, as of January 2001, 29 states had passed legislation establishing IDA programs, and 32 states had incorporated IDAs into their TANF plans.
As of January 2001, 29 states had passed legislation making McDonald's even tastier.

You could probably get two or three of me for one Garrison now.
Back in the old days, you could get five of me for a Garrison.

Famous for its rainbow trout, Chuzenji is too cold for swimming most of the year, but visitors throng to this area for its spectacular spring and fall scenery and for its numerous hot springs resorts.
It is possible to go swimming in Chuzenji in summer.

A larger economy would mean higher real wages for future workers and in turn more payroll taxes to finance Social Security and Medicare.
The economy is slowly growing every year.

I can't conceive your playing so elaborate a hoax.
You seem to have put too much work in for this to be a prank.

You'll call me if  
You'll call me if you need me

The agreed-upon rate and service changes will work to the mutual benefit of mail users and the postal system as a whole
The postal system is improving.

The highlight is an ice sculpture competition at Odori Park, with huge superbly detailed models of castles, towers, and giant characters both traditional and modern.
The ice sculptures attract visitors from all over the country.

yeah like what
Is it different from what you expected?

North of Ca' Rezzonico, the Scuola Grande di San Rocco is Venice's richest confraternity, in a fine 16th-century chapter house next to its own church.
The Scuola Grande di San Rocco is one of the few scuolas in the region with its own dedicated church.

What had Reese Topham said then?
Reese was a complicated man, and he spoke in code.

The President's proposal entitled The Department of Homeland Security, President George W. Bush, June 2002.
President George W. Bush issued many Homeland Security proposals during his term of office.

These amounts were calculated conservatively and would vary by rate case.
The amounts were tabulated conservatively by the auditor.

Austria seized the occasion to add the Veneto to its Lombardy territories.
Overtaking Veneto was a great strategic decision for Austria.

Inside and open-air dining by candlelight.
They have outside dining as well, that has great entertainment.

 Senor Juanito said that.
After meeting her, Señor Juanito said that she vas beautiful.

The swing was clumsy and threw him off balance.
The swing made the man fall to the ground.

A tenured professor of English at Rutgers has refused the university's request that she take a neurological exam.
A professor at Rutgers refused to take the exam they wanted her to take at the hospital.

I'm with you there.
We agree all the time.

lock him up
Lock him up for treason.

From exile in the United States he argued for Cuban independence.
From exile in the United States he argued for Cuban independence because he hated the Spanish Government. 

The covers of Time and Newsweek feature tell-alls by Clinton insiders about their bruising stints in the White House.
The publications include details on Clinton's affairs.

not very much no
Only in small amounts.

And this can be very tiresome for everyone involved.
People are really over doing it and want it to end. 

um-hum yeah that's one thing that our gardening we're getting it my husband he's retired but he's having trouble now and he's not not allowed to mow the grass we have a lot of grass takes me about four hours to do our lawn
He's got some terrible allergies.

Absolutely, said Dr. 
Maybe, said Dr.

People like those legal services heroes in Arkansas, Illinois, Florida and Alabama who have worked closely and in partnership with LSC to expand access to and enhance resources for legal services providers and their clients.
People who work with LSC to give access to more poor people are heroes to those who do pro-bono work.

They were a noble people once, they just never found the weapons to match us.
They were noble, but never found the weapons to match our army's strength.

But she had a duplicate key?
She had a duplicate key nobody knew about?

So thought it better to come home and have a quiet evening. Mrs. Vandemeyer said nothing, but she drew back and let Tuppence pass into the hall.
Mrs. Vandemeyer was thinking of a lot of things, deciding to not say anything. 

The most malignly error-ridden study of the American people to appear since the Politburo went out of business (Robert Sam Anson, the London Times ). Even Newt Gingrich, who raves about the book in the Weekly Standard , says Johnson's account of events since the 1960s is too polemical.
Newt Gingrich enjoys the books even though it's far from the truth. 

'I'm not interested in the past- that's a wallowing ground for decadent minds.
It's not healthy to dwell on the sad things that happened in the past.

Charging a usage-based fee for content sounds fair--but it is artificial, because your costs are fixed.
The charge, at 3 dollars per gigabyte, is the lowest among the competitors.

Think of William Faulkner, whose characters often appear and reappear in his various novels and stories.
Faulkner makes people disappear in all of his novels.

He slipped silently along to it.
He go to it without making a noise.

Even if completely true, the Monica Lewinsky tale is one of consensual sex, not harassment.
The Monica Lewinsky tale begs the question if it was actually harassment, not consensual sex.

yeah well what kind of things do you normally have with it people have different ideas of what goes with it
What do you normally have to drink with it?

In this context, the references in the history to requiring an identical standard or precluding any changes for 1998 may have been based on the assumption that the outcome of any change would be an increase in the standard.
Most of the changes were aligned with the assumption; they resulted in increases in the standard.

The constitutional question remains.
This is a constitutional question that may never have a definitive answer.

She landed beautifully, knees bent low and one leg out in front, swords ready.
She had her swords pointed at the people.

well do you like to do your yard work
You are very good at your lawn work.

Just as an aside, Prudie cannot quite understand your wearing the T-shirt bra with its thin padding.
Prudie can't understand that, because she thinks it's idiotic and against religion.

To determine if and why lawyers will stay with or leave public interest law, on February 8, 2002 the National Association for Public Interest Law (NAPIL) and the National Legal Aid and Defender Association will launch an online survey at //www.napil.org/ The survey is designed to gauge the level of the judicial and educational debt crises.
The survey's results will have major budget-related consequences.

And even if it had been Pavarotti, he'd have brought along the other two tenors, assuming they could get time off from their PBS commitments and their stadium bookings.
Pavarotti could have brought tenors along, but he preferred to perform on his own.

Delicate arches line the cloister, which belonged to the former cathedral that was destroyed; it was moved here, stone by stone, in the 16th century and put back together.
The locals decided the church to be a monument so they recreated its design.

He doesn't chew tobacco--I had to help him out a bit.
I helped him quit chewing tobacco last year.

okay you should always have an umbrella permit that bridges your uh life insurance and your medical and your um um car insurance in case you run into a lawyer and you break his arm he's going to sue the pants off of you these kind of things are about a hundred dollars a year so you you know these are all equivalent to the monthly budget things some of them are there to pacify situations and some of them are there to prevent things from happening
You should be prepared in case you get into a million dollar law suit.

Mary Cavendish was standing where the staircase branched, staring down into the hall in the direction in which he had disappeared. 
Mary Cavendish stared down the hallway and cried.

okay thank you you do the same bye-bye
Same to you.

Also, the King's mummy is the only one still in situ many others are on display in the Egyptian Museum in Cairo .
The King's mummy was left in its original location primarily because of superstitious reasons.

uh yeah yeah uh i work in metal fab and tenths of inches are are normal and you know metric you know it is broken up in you know the inch is broken up and has been for quite some time for in tenths hundredths thousandths ten thousandths of an inch
There's no limit to how much an inch is broken up.

Raves for this London import, directed by Howard Davies and starring Kevin Spacey.
It is a Broadway show in London.  

yeah we try to stay up too
We try to stay up to watch the program.

The greatest concentration of shops and entertainments is to be found around the original village.
There are a diverse range of shops and places to be entertained near the village.

Moreover, China would accept nothing but silver bullion in exchange for its goods, so Britian had to look for a more abundant commodity to square its accounts.
The British lacked significant amounts of silver bullion to pay with.

It's your opportunity to be involved in politics, touch on policy, have some impact, and have a piece of a company that could conceivably do very well.
This opportunity will never be available to you again.

The pebbly beach is lined with canvas umbrella-shaded chairs and fishing boats, flanked by the pizzerias and restaurants that stay open until all hours.
The restaurants on the beach have the most delicious food.

The structure is clad in miraculously white marble from the Rajasthan quarries of Makrana, achieving a magnificent texture with the subtly alternating broad and narrow slabs.
The structure is made solely from the white marble.

We have one or two more things we must do first.
There is a specific order I need to do things in.

I like to think of it as my personal gift to News Quiz participants.
I like to think of my good looks as a gift to the Quiz participants.

One of the great joys of the south is the extent to which it is still virgin land for the majority of Italy's visitors.
Most tourists visiting Italy visit the north, but not the south.

VBA adopted a balanced scorecard approach in fiscal year 1999 as a strategic management tool to drive organizational change, provide feedback to employees on measures they can influence, link performance appraisal and reward systems to performance measures, and provide incentives to managers to work as teams in meeting performance measures.
The reward systems will give employees large bonuses to their salary.

Leave the city by its eastern Nikanor Gate for a five-minute walk to Hof Argaman (Purple Beach), one of Israel's finest beaches.
The Purple Beach is the only beach in the world with purple-looking sand.

He stood and gave Selana's hand a squeeze before he left.
He squeezed her hand to warn her about the demons.

The finest of the cool hill resorts, 240 km (150 miles) from KL, stands on a splendid plateau of rolling green valleys surrounded by the rugged granite peaks of the Titiwangsa Range, the tallest of which is Mount Brinchang at 2,032 m (6,664 ft).
The resort stands on a splendid plateau with an amazing view.

I don't quite like it, you know.
It'll have to do.

Since the business case in DOD places very little premium on meeting cost and schedule targets, but a very high premium on performance, programs succeed at the point where sunk costs make it difficult-if not prohibitive-for decision makers to cancel them.
The DOD is unique among many business cases for this peculiarity.

and the guys that that some of the guys that run this place are very tight and it's like well why do we need this can't you do that with you know what we have and when we try and then they complain about this doesn't look good
These guys may run their operations tightly but when we get involved, they complain to us.

CONDITION -The physical state of an asset.
We always want the asset to be in excellent condition.

now how they gonna fix it i don't know the i don't think there is a ready solution
Something needs to be fixed despite the lack of clear path. 

but that's that's tornado season
You can not go because that's tornado season. 

um-hum that's true but uh i do like the idea of the jury being the the the people who decide in the matter of uh if it's a jail term versus life and death
That's right and I like the idea that a group of 12 people would get to decide if a criminal lives or dies.

so i started taking computer science courses and uh that become my major course of study uh i finished a major in mathematics also i had a double major but uh computer science is what got me a job
I will never use my math degree.

yeah i think it is too it's gonna get better yeah yeah
It's always gotten better from times like this. 

All the signs are painted the same color, as if they were done the night before, presumably by that kid who did the prom decorations for Sabrina, the Teenage Witch . If the marchers are white college kids, they look like an issue of Archie comics; if they're African-American college kids, they look like they've been costumed by whoever did the first few Jackson Five albums.
The protest was crazy but stayed totally in control. 

Today it is a rather scruffy, workaday town, studiously ignoring its glorious past.
The history of the location is mostly destroyed due to the environment.

Call me old-fashioned for caring, but increased popular music sales typically lead to increased classical or jazz music sales, due mainly to the effect of people feeling compelled to enter a music store and look around to see what's new since they were there to buy Thriller , or the Titanic soundtrack, or whatever got them in the door the last time.
Titanic's soundtrack is the most sold song in the world with over 1 billion sales.

i don't listen to the radio or even to my albums or cassettes or anything very often anymore i guess i'm just too busy doing other things that it's too much trouble to get up and go decide what i want to listen to and put it on the on the turntable i don't know i just don't don't bother to do it very much anymore
I used to listen to music when I got up in the morning.

To-day was the 27th.
Today was the 27th of June.

India is a massive family, with a lot of different and inevitably conflicting regional and sectarian interests.
India's different interests causes military discourse within the region.

An additional reporting standard for financial audits conducted in accordance with GAGAS 
The audits are completely unjust. 

except we might have uh bad case of paladium poisoning now
I'm glad something is being done, but we still probably have palladium poisoning. 

and uh and then afterwards uh usually uh there's a gathering in the family room to watch a football game or something
Everyone enjoys this time we spend together.

But, notes the Post , neither the Globe nor the National Enquirer is seeing much of a bump.
The National Enquirer is doing better than the Globe.

and transmit it just like a view foil
It is naturally able to be sent easily.

absolutely do you have a family
What were your parents names?

Also keep an eye out for pilgrims who prostrate themselves repeatedly as they circle the stupa.
Some pilgrims prostrate themselves as an act of tradition. 

The author assumes that Dala was a great painter, which is not a given, as with Matisse.
The author insinuates that both Dala and Matisse were the greatest painters of their time.

Substantial evidence indicates that interventions with problem drinkers in emergency settings can produce significant change in drinking behavior and/or reduce risk of re-injury.
The evidence suggests that these results also apply do people with drug problems also.

Participants discussed the lack of investor confidence in the current financial reporting model and the need to first improve the reliability of financial reporting before adding any new reporting.
Participants discussed the whether Corey in the House is actually an anime

Your character?
What is your character, Romeo?

Acknowledging the situation's class dimensions blunted the racial animosity--and created a coalition of blacks and less affluent whites.
The blacks and the poorest 20% of the whites joined together.

hi Ken my name's Diane
Nice to meet you Ken, call me Diane.

Then Jon and San'doro were on the move.
Jon and San'doro were trying to flee from the demons.

There was no magic in this fight.
This was a fight of flesh and bone.

Brief interventions after alcohol-related injuries.
Alcohol is the most abused substance, therefore it needs intervention.

Statutory Authorization for the Rule
WE have to follow the Statutory Authorization for the Rule

"Magnífico!" Drew glanced over Shiloh's back to the speaker.
The speaker was remarking on Drew's riding style.

okay i mean he was wonderful i we used to get the most marvelous empenadas and other Argentine things
We went out for food together a lot.

But the other ... Drew stared.
Drew was known for putting others above himself.

it's it's just like uh a high rise for elderly people and you know she does her own thing and everything but she has it's like a little apartment building and she has a tomato plant year round
It's for old people that need assistance.

A conceit this fragile needs to whiz along to keep our disbelief in suspension, but Meet Joe Black grinds on for three hours (longer than either Beloved or Saving Private Ryan ), and Pitt acts as if he has leased the screen by the year.
The character of death in this movie was not very well fleshed out.

But the Lojack research is in many ways more informative, because the authors were able to do a thorough job of distinguishing between benefits to the purchaser of a Lojack and benefits to the community at large.
The authors were more than two.

The remaining provisions from existing Sections 403 and 408, which apply, as modified, to Parts B, C, and D, have been retained in Part A, Sections 403 and 404.
Parts B and C are contained within Section 403.

He said the McCain surge needed to be held back, lest it crest too early--which could have the effect of making Bush the Republican nominee by late February.
He is a supporter of McCain.

Senior executives in leading organizations recognize that a one-size-fits-all solution to establishing information management leadership does not exist.
Senior executives, while recognizing that a one-size-fits-all solution for information management leadership does not exist, wish that there was a method of establishing information management leadership that was simple and effective.

a discussion about that is why uh why CNN was well i listen to a Christian radio station and they were saying that CNN is definitely a world uh news service and uh
The Christian radio that I listened to was CBN, i really enjoy that one.

This road leads through the villages of Kamares where there is a large cave, and links up with the Amari Valley to the west (see page 62).
The road from Amari Valley to Kamares is straight.

Estimated Steel Required for Multipollutant Initiative ...
The initiative on various pollutants has a loosely defined need for an amount of steel.

uh no i think it'd be an awful waste of time
I have better things to do.

no no and uh what let's see uh the most recent ones that i've seen are those two Ghost and uh Dances With Wolves but i rent uh uh videos do you
I prefer renting movies over buying them.

This document contains the protocols governing the General Accounting Office's (GAO) work for the Congress.
Violating any of the GAO's protocols can result in heavy fines or even jail time.

because just like now especially crawfish it is starting to move out you know and more and more people are beginning to find out how good it is
Crawfish is becoming a known dish all over the place. 

Now they're risking that present for an Ozymandian future, at the cost of billions of dollars.
They're risking at the cost of billions of dollars, I wouldn't do it.

A tour of the interior reveals a strong and efficient design.
The interior design is more efficient than it is strong.

are they kind of expensive
Are they expensive because of shipping costs?

we're very far from our families and it's really hard families little children and um they were the only grandchildren and so our our families are are are really far away in fact this is a little off the topic but yesterday my mother happened to be on a train going from Phoenix to back to Chicago and it stopped in Dallas for a half an hour so
The ride took about 10 hours.

Now it appears that he may have been simply assuring himself she really was dead, at least according to three of Wynette's daughters, who have filed a $50 million wrongful death suit against Richey and a doctor.
The eldest daughter of Wynette was the one who filed the suit. 

Pollard does not, in fact, seem to be terribly remorseful.
The person did something illegal.

Dueling space covers.
Space covers must always duel. 

and i i guess all the most the shows i like are are kind of along the same line because they're all adventures
Occasionally I watch TV shows that are not adventure shows.

The first lies in the assumption that all three-second periods are worth the same.
The assumption is false.

A better option might be to tack a filing fee onto new cases filed in state courts, with the money going to help fund Legal Services, she said.
The money could go to help fund Legal Services and improve our image.

they're several things that have uh changed already on it and now you're going to ask me what and i can't tell you offhand i just know we've had several changes it just
They waited till this year to make some changes on it.

Put on a tight, sour smile when Flytrap question is asked, sigh deeply, then say exactly this  The meeting was very, very positive.
Repeat your response if the Flytrap question is asked again.

He had changed in the last year.
He was kinder than he had been.

Two basic models of data analysis are pattern matching and explanation building.
Pattern matching and explanation building make up most of what is needed to properly analyze data.

These events contributed to significant cost overruns and delays to aircraft deliveries to the flight test program.
These events caused over two months delay and over one billion dollars.

Hates you? I cried, astonished. 
I don't think he could hate you. 

The Voth stared out at the packs of marauders racing through the ruins of the village.
The VOth were scared of the people running in the villae.

The sadly dilapidated Old Naval Hospital can be found a little farther to the north; its distinctive iron supports were brought to Jamaica in 1819 and were designed to be both earthquake and hurricane proof.
The iron supports for the hospital could be repurposed for another building.

Stephanopoulos thinks Clinton has been hurt by confiding in only a small circle and cutting off many of his advisers.
Clinton truly has been hurt. 

I know, said Ca'daan.
Ca'daan knew about the storm that was heading their way. 

uh a day or several hours of the week like a half of a day on Saturday or something like that in addition to what one does
at least several hours, and several days at most

'Still in the process of formulation.'
I'm still figuring them out.

It's ever so much nicer." I dropped down obediently. 
It is better that way. I followed the order, and sat down.

Under an interpretation that the alien must be physically present when the cause of action commenced, or legal representation began, an alien who was evicted from her apartment, or against whom divorce proceedings were commenced while she was temporarily out of the United States to attend a funeral or attend to a family emergency, would be barred from LSC representation.
Only aliens can be evicted from their apartments.

This strong sense of transience and impermanence has doubtless arisen as a natural response to Japan's devastating geography and seismology.
Japan is the most seismological active country in the world.

As you continue your descent on the steps of David Street, you'll pass a gateway on the right that leads to the Cardo, which is worth a detour.
David Street is one of the four streets that leads to the Cardo.

well you can get um you can get pressurized lumber
You can get pressurized lumber instead of standard lumber.

In addition, LSC has begun conducting a thorough review of LSC's regulations.
The review of the regulations was part of a yearly process that LSC had to partake in.

Guardian of the city's medieval and Renaissance treasures, the Musee de l'Oeuvre Notre-Dame is itself made up of a superb group of 14th-, 16th-, and 17th-century houses around a secluded Gothic garden on the Place du Ceteau, south of the cathedral.
The Gothic garden is maintained by the city council.

But Barker hasn't concocted a larger dramatic structure that would hold those larger dramatic truths together and help us comprehend where these people went wrong.
Barker hasn't found a way to help us understand what went wrong with the mission.

which is oh oh knishes no you don't you you you don't see a lot of that that's basically Eastern European Jewish food
There is only one restaurant that serves that Eastern European food.

you know as someone that has merit even if they are poor or if they're Hispanic or if they're Black we give everybody pretty much the benefit of the doubt because we don't see all the crime and all the hurt in the big cities you know if
During job interviews , we always look for facts and not depend on race or where someone lives.

Thanks for a great read.
It was very moving piece.

and it it was tough understanding understanding those folks
Making friends with those people was easy.

The Corinthian portico was designed by James Gandon, who was also responsible for the Custom House on the north bank of the Liffey.
The Corinthian portico is a beautiful building. 

The Edinburgh Weaving Company (on Castlehill) has over 150 tartans for sale but will also custom make a kilt for you to take home.
The Edinburgh Weaving company are well known for their high quality.

He works in the dark and trusts no one.
He works alone in the dark because he doesn't trust people.

Currently, power plants are required to reduce emissions of nitrogen oxides (NOX) and sulfur dioxide (SO2).
Many power plants have expressed an interest in getting advice on how to do this more efficiently.

This seaside resort was created at the end of the 19th century, when swimming became all the rage.
People went to the resort because they had the biggest pool in the area.

well  they did have a fairly decent year finally this year
The year was decent for them due to the lack of droughts.

The choice of a new puck lead to an uncontrolled development of a 'black league' - illegal games, where neither the players, nor the referees or the audience wore protective masks, and where the probability of infection in poorly-ventilated rooms varied between 0.75 and 0.79 to one.
In addition to the probability of infection, in the first week 3 players and 2 referees got killed.

He took a deep breath:
He took a breath before going into the shadows.

The scarcity of flatlands suitable for cultivation made it possible for a small aristocratic elite to gain quick control of the food resources.
The people could have used roundland and prevented aristocratic rule, but flatland was the flavor of the month.

well i'm sure everybody that saw it was believing it right along with them
They regret being fooled by it.

President Bush purposely mispronounced Saddam Hussein to annoy the Iraqi leader, while Iraqi newsreaders retaliated by mispronouncing Bush so that, in Arabic, it meant nothing.
Bush was not phased by similar attempts to mispronounce his name in Arabic.

no i don't my my wife has been working with them
No I don't work with them but my wife has been.

I would encourage a reinterpretation of the exclusionary principle to keep criminals in jail where they belong, but only if the cops and prosecutors are severely punished for their crimes as well.
Cops and prosecutors are committing crimes.

But, perhaps Lindsay's biggest contribution to Georgia Legal Services was the inspiration he provided its young lawyers.
This was his biggest contribution.

There's the Yorkshire Arms, but it's not much of a place for gentlemen like you.
The Yorkshire Arms is a house of ill repute.  

federally-imposed limit and require State agencies to establish a Statewide limit on the dependent care reimbursement paid to participants in the Food Stamp Employment and Training Program
The limit set will decrease the amount of reimbursement that man people currently receive.

For the highest quintile, pensions are a more significant income source than Social Security, but pensions represent a smaller share for this group than either income from accumulated assets or earnings.
social security and pension can sometimes be equal.

uh-huh yes that one i've we actually have that one my husband's read that it that one seems like it might be a little more interesting
My husband read it knowing it would be interesting.

Where is art?
Where and what is art? 

For a town of barely 5,000 inhabitants, Bocairente's two small museums are the Museo Histerico (Historical Museum) is noted for a collection of Stone Age pottery, and the Museo Parroquial (Parish Museum) exhibits important paintings by Juan de Juanes, Ribalta, and Sorolla.
The museums are funded by donations raised by tourists.

yeah it would be like a bonus for your image or something
You would get a bonus if your image was used a certain number of times

Would you have any objection to telling us exactly what passed between you?
I have a vague idea of what passed between them.

Fine secret! Ever see a circus?"
What a great secret! HAve you ever had the chance to see a circus perform?

(And we have reached a degree of liberation that permits me to think of these potholes as Mayor Barry's potholes without feeling guilty of racism.)
I do not feel the guilt of racism in thinking of these potholes as Mayor Barry's.

Over the long term, many other nations currently financing investment in the United States will themselves be confronted with aging populations and declining national saving.
Many nations are investing billions in the US.

To be a New Hollywood director was to flirt with hubris.
New directors in Hollywood have bigger egos than experienced directors.

Upon rebooting you'll find that the Internet Explorer icon is gone from your desktop and Windows works fine.
They were reluctant to reboot.

It is instead a living, thriving community.
The community is bringing in a lot of jobs and money.

It depressed me to first see her in the fighting pit.
She doesn't want to be where she is. 

Many Poles, especially among the intellectual and professional classes, opposed Soviet influence and Communist rule, and in 1956 the regime faced its first real test.
The Russians remained in Poland for two more decades.

But a real predator I know is using, selling, and almost certainly doing other crimes.
The real predator is in this very room.

 The oldest is on Moore Street, famous for the cries of its sellers.
The oldest can be found on Moore Street if you want to shop.

Consistent with generally accepted government auditing standards, GAO prefers using published products to communicate the final results of its work because they
 GAO prefers using published pictures of chicken, rather than taking their own.

Foshan's most outstanding artistic monument is Zu Miao, the Taoist Ancestral Temple, a Sung dynasty establishment rebuilt in the 14th century and well worth visiting.
Zu Miao was torn down and its reconstruction was completed in the 1360s.

Tuppence gave one last despairing moan.
Tuppence's eyes rolled back as she moaned. 

yeah yeah and so i would think that either the doctor could get him off with that or or that they should listen i mean because i i just can't see that they would do some make somebody go to a rehab or whatever they go through because he took his wife's medicine that just doesn't sound right does it so it seems like they should be able to bend  the rules oops excuse me a little bit on that but you but i don't know because i don't know anybody that's had to go through treatment or anything so i really don't know
He shouldn't have to get penalized for taking his wife's medicine but he was sentenced to rehab.

In an interview with the Post after the Iowa showdown, Bradley again ducked the debate question, declining to lay all the cards out on the table just because Gore suddenly finds it convenient.
Bradley was afraid to debate Gore.

Leading organizations may even choose to replace labor with technology when they cannot hire the skilled professionals they need.
It is more profitable for companies to replace labor.

It ran down his arm and the shining steel edge of his rapier.
It dripped all the way to his metal shoes. 

The Algarve has warmer water and more sheltered beaches than the west coast.
The southern facing beaches of the Algarve are sheltered from strong Atlantic currents and have whiter sand as well.

It is also known as Botanical Island for the exotic gardens created there.
It is also known as Botanical Island for the exotic gardens full of fresh fruit existing there. 

the death  penalty no i said that i could i could believe in it in certain instances but i would be i'd find it hard to levy that against somebody
I believe in hanging as a capital punishment in some cases.  

He felt someone grab at him--more than one person--and they were dragging him willy-nilly across the ground.
Few that moved him cared for his well-being. 

Another possibility would be to say, the full spectrum of alcohol misuse.
Many instances of the misuse of alcohol lead to death.

It was cut exactly the shape of Mr. Inglethorp's, and I found one or two snipped hairs. 
The beard had been trimmed recently.

and i have known you know people close to me that have been in all three and i have seen them like go from where they're in an apartment building they we call it um well we have high rises and it's just for elderly people you know or most of most of one of their spouses has already passed away
The people I know in all three are all widowers.

'This week's virtue is Silence.'
We made this week's virtue silence because Trump is so annoying.

Data provided by the supplier in October 2001 showed that less than 25 percent of the seekers were being manufactured properly the first time and the rest had to be reworked, on average, four times.
The seekers produces initially were of bad quality.

For example, the central security group at the university periodically ran a computer program designed to detect network vulnerabilities at various individual academic departments and reported weaknesses to department heads.
The central security group at the university has uncovered countless security weaknesses.

In the advanced scenarios, for example, both demand reductions and the increased use of gas tends to reduce carbon emissions.
The prices of gas are increasing and demand is decreasing.

oh no yeah right they give us ten minutes uh uh the only advice i give you on college would be there's a lot of scholarship money out there my daughter got a little bit not much only first year she got about two thousand dollars worth
My daughter's college tuition is $20,000 per year. 

In reference to David Franklin's Trials of Socrates, which is subtitled, It's worse than sexist.
The subtitles in Trials of Socrates demonstrate sexism.

and they should have taken them out and rolled them in the dirt a little more probably you know age to age the material so they they did very authentic reproductions of the
The could of had a more authentic show

The Commission determined that one part of the fee schedule--specifically, the annual fee for materials licensees--will have a significant impact on a substantial number of small entities.
The annual fee for materials would be cost prohibitive for small entities.

and even grouper little bit of soy sauce and sesame sesame seed oil
You only needed a tiny amount of sesame seed oil.

Participants represent key stakeholders including funders, bar leaders, judges, advocates and clients, among others.
Other stakeholders include doctors, lawyers and bankers.

'Suicide isn't in your nature, Ben,' Lincoln spoke up.
Lincoln said Ben wouldn't  be able to kill himself.

uh-huh and you don't feel that your relationship with your father has unduly uh influenced your relationship with your husband then
I feel like they have had some effects on the relationship.

Similar listings of recently proposed rules available for comment were not available using this procedure for other EPA offices (e.g.
They did not want people to comment on the rules.

yeah yeah well my three and half year old he really wants to have the pool out in the backyard you know so any day i mean all Winter long he's been wanting a pool in the backyard so i'm hoping you know that
He doesn't have any money, though, so I'm not sure how he'll do it.

Our militia will not stop them.
The demons are too strong for our militia.

um KMart does that some of the KMarts in the area where i don't have any except for the lawn motor lawn mower
There are five KMarts in the area.

and if you figure get with a financial person and you can figure up exactly when like the eighteenth month of a loan if you make like a four hundred dollar payment
Most financial advisers are experts with loan terms.

Malaysia's proserity in recent decades is most evident in the central region of the peninsula, where the signs abound.
The prosperity in Malaysia is not well spread out.

At any speed, a bike is a wonderful way to get around.
A bike is a fun, cost-effective means of transport.

It's a bit like being comfortably drunk- not hammered, but slightly more than tipsy.
That feeling of being comfortably drunk is very pleasant for some people.

He must parry opponents' attacks better.
He hadn't practiced parrying techniques recently.

Elaborate carvings on the walls of both buildings depict Amenophis making offerings to the gods in thanks for his divine power.
The carvings are very elaborate down to the tiniest detail. 

Protect sensitive operational data from
They had dealt with data being compromised before.

no no state income tax
No state income tax law will pass.

170 "So long, Cousin Jane.
Sad to say goodbye to Cousin Jane.

They think that the past is now over.
They are gravely mistaken about the past being over.

The page also features a condensed history of Beijing (disguised as a Beijing Tour), links to China's music, and a reader forum.
The page features a history of Beijing, music, a pick your own adventure page and a forum. 

A related service issue is whether there are unreasonable transportation runs that should be eliminated.
The service issues are being addressed.

The Wave is one of Bose's better devices.
The Wave is worth the money. 

Educational Communications and Technology
Communicating in education is related to technology 

In a few words Dr. Bauerstein explained how he had happened to be passing the lodge gates as the car came out, and had run up to the house as fast as he could, whilst the car went on to fetch Dr. Wilkins.
Dr. Bauerstein was tired. 

well this has been interesting
Up until this point, it was boring.

In its defense, the Guggenheim points out that there are only six BMW bikes, fewer than the number of Hondas or Harleys.
Honda and Harley are more popular than BMW bikes.

Jon's skin grew cold.
He shivered at the feeling of the cold air. 

and it's absolutely gorgeous just i mean just glides along and i still get that good mileage and
My previous car was brilliant to drive, but didn't have very good mileage, so I'm just really happy about this car having both.

Jane Finn, she said hastily; and then paused open-mouthed at the effect of those two simple words.
She was shocked by those two words

uh always at the beginning i did all the shopping and everything but the the neat breakthrough was when my oldest son Mark took his uh uh cooking merit badge in and and Mark was the kind of camper who ate beef Stroganoff and uh
I like to do all the shopping, but my son and Mark help.

As soon as he exited his bus, he was surrounded by camera crews and boom mikes arching overhead like brontosauri looking for lunch.
He had to push his way past the camera crews and reporters to get into the building.

uh-huh  oh uh-huh uh i didn't know that about Burlington i'll have to keep that in mind
I had no idea that applied to Burlington, I'll have to plan accordingly if I want to go out at night.

Its popular attraction is the cave called Orecchio di Dionisio (Dionysius' Ear), dubbed as such by Caravaggio in 1608 because of its acoustics.
The cave was named by Caravaggio after he visited it in the summer of 1608.

Script's primary power, wrote Edmund Morris, Reagan's biographer, in a 1995 reflection on the letter, is to convey the cursive flow of human thought, from brain to hand to pen to ink to eye--every waver, every loop, every character trembling with expression.
Script is the best at conveying the flow of human thought.

Hear the songs of Bob Marley booming from a hundred cranked-up car stereos or the chorus of frogs that begin to call as evening descends.
Bob Marley is the most popular thing to blast on car stereos.

I've screwed and saved and pinched! 
He screws, saves and pinches often.

Practice 14: Monitor Factors that Affect Risk and Indicate Security Effectiveness
This practice is the hardest from the whole set.

we have some friends that in fact the ones that we bought one of the dogs from they also raise birds and they have uh two or three different kinds of of parrots and then they raise finches and parakeets and they show and he and he was showing me his parakeets and and he calls them an English parakeet and he said their marking is a little different
We friends who have raised birds separately in their own homes.

that's that's maybe because we get so you know we're so jaded with the Post uh
We're jaded with the Post's reporting because they always get it wrong.

When the agency disagrees with a finding, conclusion, or recommendation, GAO identifies the disagreement and states its own position in the issued report.
The agency always disagrees with the conclusions made.

yeah they're not worth a year or some people unfortunately just just can't even afford it you know or whatever i mean the Peace Corps doesn't pay very well
The Peace Corps don't pay well but it's satisfying work.

information valuable in itself about how completely a program has been implemented.
The information itself is more valuable than how it can be used.

What Drives Private Saving Across the World?
Private saving is increasing.

Procedures for minimizing the effect of these limitations require, for example, proper technical advice, qualifying language in audit reports, and a review of data and assumptions by agency officials.
The limitations can limit the effectiveness.

'Tis a great mystery.
What happened to her was a huge mystery.

and my fiancee
My fianceé is 23 years old

In 1992 and 1993, federal deficits absorbed more than half of private saving.
In 91 they only took up 25 percent.

Because this story will be painfully banal, it will be also painfully short.
The author is a hack.

well that's good that's pretty excellent
That's the best thing I've heard this week!

but uh that Jimmy Johnson came in too though and he just you know when he bought the team and all and it just seemed like he just decided you know this is the way it's going to be and it was bad
Jimmy Johnson ruined the team after he bought it.

So be warned, the authorities take this seriously, and violators may be proseuted.
The punishment ranges from fines to jail time.

He is alone in the private quarters.
He has asked to be left alone in the private quarters.

Democracy  elections held last September amid accusations of fraud.)
Elections were held even though it was possibly rigged in favor of Clinton.

He adopted an upbeat American organicism derived from Henry David Thoreau and Walt Whitman.
He thought that organicism was the bast way to go in every case.  

A stock exchange, the bank of France, a These were among the uses proposed for the huge neo-classical church, La Madeleine, also recently renovated.
The La Madeleine is over four hundred years old.

Count to ten, and, like Delhi belly, it'll pass.
If you count to nine, it will not have any effect.

The Indonesian movement was a rather spontaneous resistance led by ordinary students, workers, the unemployed, and the lower-middle classes.
The Indonesian movement was not supported by the government.

Under the Save the Unified Surpluses simulation, federal budget surpluses would be higher over the next 40 years, but deficits would emerge in the 2040s.
federal budget surpluses would be higher over the next 50 years.

--Associated Press story of Wednesday, Oct. 27, describing the efforts of Clinton aide Harold Ickes on behalf of Jesse Jackson Jr.'s campaign for Congress.
Ickes tried to get Jackson Jr re-elected.

The grounds of the cemeteries of Paris are beautifully kept, and the avenues of tombs provide a fascinating walk through history.
it takes about half an hour to walk through the cemeteries of Paris.

The Revolution can never be secure until all know her crimes.
The crimes she committed are varied and many. 

Broder and Waas never explicitly claim that the Spectator money swayed Hale.
They just strongly implied the evidence was there.

Those who embrace all these philosophies at once--Bill Clinton comes to mind--have about them at least a mild air of intellectual schizophrenia.
This sense of intellectual schizophrenia is what makes the public reluctant to trust him.

Michelozzo's later Santissima Annunziata church, together with the 17th-century fountains and equestrian statue of Grand Duke Ferdinando, preserve the harmonies of the master's overall design.
Grand Duke Ferdinando paid Michelozzo to make a statue of him.

One of the sports that developed in the Lake District is a unique form of wrestling.
A style of arm wrestling was developed in the Lake District.

The symptoms included skin rash, inflamed eyes, headaches and irritation of the nose and throat.
The symptoms included itchy eyes, rashes, and migraines.

There were the two inhabited worlds in their own time lines, or probability orbits, or whatever.
There are many different worlds and timelines, and this intersection is mystical and unique. 

'If they came aboard ahead of schedule, it implies a change to their plan- a change you weren't told about.' White crossed his arms.
White was upset that they had changed their plan and not told you.

.1,3 Often a single absorber will serve multiple boilers and reduce much of the steel that would be required if absorbers had been fed by individual boilers.
Often a single absorber will be the most expensive part of a boiler

'I was born on the date-'
My birthday is soon.

That's the sum of the matter!"Bayliss' high color was fading.
The once bright color on Bayliss' cheeks was turning pale. 

It's really a great service, he said. 
He thinks the service is essential to helping minorities.

Neighborhood Legal Services participated in several cooperative efforts with homeless advocacy and health care agencies in his new territory.
Neighborhood Legal Services wanted to be sure that the poor were well cared for.

because they're i guess that that that falls in and one of my other favorite shows is Sesame Street because of the kids i like that real well
The kids like Sesame Street more than any of the other shows.

yeah  and the cats listen right  yeah
The cats and dogs are listening.

For further discussion of the accounting standards for pensions and other retirement benefits for federal employees, see SFFAS No.
The discussions are interesting.

She seemed to be looking back earnestly into those past days. 
She wished that she could return to the past.

He was also a master of the art of conspicuous consumption, contrasting sharply with the restraint shown by the Ashikaga shoguns in their more subtle displays of wealth.
The Ashikaga shoguns believed it was immoral to display wealth ostentatiously.

Talk straight.'
There was nothing to distort.

I scrambled up with greater speed.
I ran up the hill faster than anyone.

There are many cinemas in Istiklal Caddesi, and a multi-screen theatre at ?‡emberlita?« in the Old Cite which show mainstream movies.
Emberlita shows children's movies every weekend.

The crook.
The thief. 

14,15 In contrast, in 1989 city carrier labor cost the Postal Service $24.
in 1939 city carrier labor cost the Postal Service $4

i've been real pleased knock on wood i'm scared to death her going to public school
I wish we could afford for her to stay in private school.

If there was ever a shopping heaven, this is it.
Everything is very cheap at this shopping heaven.

Inland, Mount Fengari, the Aegean's highest peak at 1,610 m (5,000 ft), dominates the landscape.
Mount Fengari is an active volcano.

provisions may increase saving because more people may choose to participate and to contribute larger amounts.
Provisions should decrease 

Participants recognized that programs were turning or had turned that critical corner--from being resistant to or resentful of change to an embracing of new visions by staff, board members and other stakeholders.
There is a growing resistance from the staff members.

George Street was the centerpiece of Craig's original design for the New Town.
There were many who felt that the inclusion of George Street was a mistake.

The house advantage is that if you bust, the dealer takes your money even if he busts as well.
The dealer can't bust if you do, he just takes your money.

Aren't you afraid to trust yourself with her?"
Aren't you scared you might let her hurt you and bring you pain? 

The whipmasters eyed Ca'daan as he passed and the caravan master laughed through the drape.
Ca'daan looked at the whipmasters as they looked at him.

Both men drew their rapiers and daggers in a single quick motion that made Ca'daan's heart leap.
He was alarmed at how quickly the fight escalated.

 No one replied to Jon.
A crowd had gathered, but did not speak to Jon.

Name's Barg." He stood up to take a careful look at the net of cording around the stone.
He checked to see that the net had no tear.

uh yeah yeah that's incredible that and um i'm afraid to take the chance when i go down there to eat a meal like that
It seems like a big risk.

The forum highlighted identified best practices and tools that can be used by federal agencies and other facility owners to manage and/or oversee design reviews throughout the facility
The feds developed new software just for this which made the process much more efficent.

you know if everybody's trying to incorporate a little bit of it into into their school and they made sure they pointed it out you know
If all of the people are trying to incorporate a little bit of it into their school then everything would be better.

The changing role of Chinese culture in Japanese life was epitomized in the language itself.
The influence of Chinese on the Japanese language grew tremendously.

They would have fired him several weeks  The entire pundit establishment is, of course, pleased that William Ginsburg will no longer haunt Washington offices and sound stages.
The pundit establishment felt attacked by William Ginsburg's words.

Plaza de Armas, which surrounds a statue of the patriot Cespedes and is ringed by shaded marble benches and second-hand booksellers, is Havana's oldest square.
Plaza de Armas, which surrounds a statue of the patriot Cespedes and is ringed by shaded marble benches and is popular with hipsters. 

yeah well other than that i'm not really sure we we try to recycle old clothes
We attempt to recycle old sweaters. 

I called upon the Benjamin Franklin Museum.
It was weird to go to the musuem.

We selected six private sector companies and three state governments to serve as our case studies.
We decided on three state governments to use in our research.

And those are just the towns along Lake Como.
Lake Como has many towns surrounding it. 

uh my dad flew down there for about a year he was down there about once a month one week per month
my dad left my mom behind to work there a lot

(Mbeki, notorious for his wonkish style and nervous tics, polls poorly.)
Mbeki used to perform well in the past.

There were four troopers.
All of the troopers were named Jack. 

Tommy held the sheet of paper near the glow.
Tommy wanted to be able to see the paper.

Analyzing Social Settings.
Social settings can be analyzed using electron microscopes.

Or maybe only 30 are true, in which case three should be confirmed overwhelmingly.
Of the 30 only three are my personal picks. 

But don't look for bargains here
If you are looking for a great deal, you should look here next week instead. 

Frescoes adorn many palace cham?­bers, among them works by Simone Martini, brought from the porch of Notre-Dame des Doms cathedral.
Martini's works hang in approximately 28 palace chambers.

In Phoenix on Friday night, he had a delightful time drawing out his vowels as he described financial contributions to the Clinton campaign.
Some of the contributions seemed a bit shady.

Pundits declared it a triumph of youth and racial progress, comparing Woods to Jackie Robinson (whose 50 th anniversary of breaking the color barrier is being celebrated simultaneously), Arthur Ashe, and Lee Elder (who became the first black golfer to play in the Masters in 1975, the same year Woods was born).
Pundits said that sports were now racially progressive.

yeah right i don't mind so much the fact that they test people but uh not questioning the validity of the results is is a problem because uh
They did not fully trust those conducting the tests.

She must be got out of the way… .
She must be removed from our path quickly.

The price of American land reflects the value of living in the United States of America.
American land is the most expensive property in the world.

The Grande Corniche follows the route of the ancient Roman road, Via Aurelia.
Motor vehicles are allowed on Via Aurelia.

you got to be they say you have to dress for success
Looking put together leads to good opportunities.

She could not be implicated ”otherwise I should have heard some hint of it. 
My informants would tell me if she was implicated.

oh okay okay like a Kathy Smith workout or Jane Fonda
Oh like the workout from those two ladies

These individuals have visited one another's programs as well as four additional model hotline/telephone intake systems around the country.
Each individual prefers a different model intake system.

National Saving So Low?
People only save 1% of their income.

It also has most famous department stores outside Tokyo, the gigantic Hankyu and Hanshin buildings (whose private railways serve Kyoto and Kobe).
The two famous department stores outside Tokyo were the most popular places to visit. 

It was the seat of power for anyone who ruled the region, control of which passed from Scotland to England many times over the centuries.
The king sat there and controlled all of Europe.

This museum explores the relationship of Irish music to Irish history.
The museum presents the information in a walking tour arranged chronologically.

As Reich speaks, the audience hisses so loudly that I'm not sure anyone can hear me.
The unpopularity was coming off of a number of recent scandals.

Hideyoshi moved many of Kyoto's temples to this long narrow road during his reorganization of the city in 1591 following its near-total destruction by clan warfare.
Hideyoshi was really cruel. 

She has all Wednesdays off, and comes back to lunch on Saturdays. 
She likes to eat lunch on Saturdays.

Well, Bauerstein, you are in a plight, said John, strolling in from the hall. 
John walked around the hall for a long time before talking to Bauerstein.

She didn't have a green card, but she did have a  to become a lawyer.
She was denied her green card on her first application.

No longer the sole habitat of sun worshippers, the islands welcome thousands of cyclists in early spring; April and May bring hikers to exclaim over wildflowers; and bird-watchers with binoculars and zoom lenses record rarities and migrants on their way north.
Bird-watchers often visit the islands all year round.

Do you want to do a lot of driving or restrict your trip to destinations easy to reach by train?
Do you only want to travel to your chosen destinations by public transport?

One popular hypothesis about Aug. 17 is the notion that Clinton won't admit/apologize because Hillary Clinton won't let him.
Some say Hillary will divorce Bill if he apologies.

wow yeah and then it then it puts a lot of responsibility on you
Having a kid puts a lot of responsibility on you

Citing an emerging trend, the senior information security managers had also started to create information security career paths and stress professional certification for security specialists.
Senior information security managers had noticed that the profession was becoming more regulated.

'If you eat them both, I'll know and I'll come back and kill you in your shitty hut,' She opened her mouth and hissed at me.
She made a noise to show that she hates people.

yeah yeah yeah they did well i think that's the guy that uh it was like his story
 It was that guys story and I thought it went well but most people hated it. 

helping to develop standards for pro bono programs, encouraging recruitment, getting law schools to talk more about pro bono, [and] getting law firms more involved in a [formal] way, she said.
She said she likes to talk about pro bono programs in law schools.

i used to walk and not only did i walk but i used to watch all those exercise programs on TV and i would tape them
I used to do all kinds of TV workouts.

None! She was walking away when John sprang after her, and caught her by the arm. 
He sprang after her to stop her from walking to the vampires den.

um so we didn't have that problem um
We didn't have a problem with paint drying.

When was that?
It happened that morning.

A few strong voices were eventually some proposed radical action while others advocated working within the system for a more democratic society.
The group decided a more radical direct action was needed to get attention.

and she's just great in fact uh she's all upset because Galen is going to go to kindergarten next fall and she says this is it you know i'm not going to have her anymore and i said oh no don't count on that  after noon classes she's going to be here because she's going to morning kindergarten so
The woman worries too much about Galen, she needs to lighten up.

Be sure also to see the superb altarpiece of Martin Schongauer, Hans Holbein's portrait of a woman, and Lucas Cranach's exquisite M??lancolie.
Portrait of a Woman by Hans Holbein is priced at $1 billion. 

Take a right at the square and walk away from the seafront past the tram terminus that links eastern Alexandria with the city center.
The trams run all day and night to the city.

GAO will advise these committees when such a draft is sent to the agency for comment.
The GAO often offers advise about drafts,

The project was governed by a Steering Committee.
Prior projects without a Steering Committee have failed.

Indeed, managed care was the primary engine relied upon by the Clintons' health-reform plan to generate the savings that would finance universal coverage at no net cost.
Managed care would create the savings required for universal coverage.

I'm quite dazzled by your insight and erudition--bewitched, in fact.
It is quite fascinating.

otherwise, why else go to all that trouble?
Why else would someone dig up all those graves?

The true nonprofit legal services organizations in California provide indispensable free legal assistance to consumers who can't afford to hire an attorney but need help while facing dangerous domestic violence situations, evictions from their homes and other emergencies, Lockyer said in the alert.
The collective experience of these organizations dates back to many years.

Impeachment might well have followed such public disclosure.
The charges that he had slept with other women would have gotten him impeached.

All roads into Edo, the most famous being the Tokaido Highway, had checkpoints for guns coming in and for wives going out.
People who were caught with guns at the checkpoints were sentenced to death.

She sat up at once, drew her hand away, and said, with some asperity: "Don't be silly!" I was a little annoyed. 
I was sure we were a great match and would be so happy together. 

In one of these approaches, users were asked to answer specific questions identified as areas where APHIS most needed comments, the answers to the questions were entered into a database with a web interface, and commenters were allowed to review all the electronic comments posted and to post other comments to the site.
Data on websites is often stored in a database or server so it can be accessed at a later date.

anyway well it's good talking to you
I hope we get to talk again soon.

When she went to a courthouse to file a complaint against her landlord, she found the process so confusing that she gave up and went home.
Her landlord was being unfair to her so she went to court to file a complaint against them.

The CIA and FBI touted this arrest as proof that they had fixed the bureaucratic bungling that had allowed Ames to go undetected for six years.
The CIA and FBI arrested them as a proof- every media sites now knows that.

sites and concludes that agencies have been slow to implement the circular, although progress has been made since 1982 (U.S.
The agencies are slow to implement the circular because change is difficult for large organizations.

Overall, the GAO questioned between 5-9 percent of the cases reported because of the lack of adequate financial eligibility documentation and between 7-24 percent of the cases for lack of citizenship or alien status documentation.
The GAO spent 8 hours a day in examining the cases.

i much prefer to stay in the house in my air conditioning and look at it without working in it
I prefer to watch other people work on it

uh but i missed it so i rented it the other day
I rented it the other day because I missed it and I liked it.

okay just in case
Take these lighters just in case.

it's almost the opposite now where the the woman is working and and they you know take the children to child care or maybe they work part-time or something
They spend ample time caring for their children despite working.

Accountants)
Accountants are people who enjoy accounting for things

The marine safety program apparently not only improved its mission effectiveness, but did so with fewer people and at lower cost.
The marine safety program got subsidized by the government. 

Some of my correspondents say no.
My correspondents don't like your idea.

what division are y'all in
Are you in the blue boundary or are you in the red boundary?

Flexibility and judgment are management prerogatives that should exist in any decision process.
Management always accounts for flexibility and judgement for decisions.

Based on interviews with private-sector and state CIOs and other research, we have developed a framework of critical success factors and leading principles.
We had face-to-face interviews with state CIO representatives.

Safire's journalistic cheating undermines their professional work.
Safire steals other journals' articles, which turns people off of their work.

However long you spend browsing this fantastic collection, you are sure to need some refreshment when you have finished.
Many people will spend a long time browsing this collection.

1, Objectives of Federal Financial Reporting as the monetary value of resources used (para.
Federal finance reports are useful 

The Project Tiger campaign is doing a sterling job here to protect the king of India's jungles without neglecting the elusive leopard.
Harming the leopard is often a byproduct of protecting the tiger, but this campaign has avoided that to maintain a balance in populations.

we had a Schnauzer that got milk fever right after the babies were born and we had to feed all their babies feed all the babies there were five and there were four of them that survived
If we fed them milk from the sick Schnauzer, the babies would have perished. 

So it was understandable that Ovitz wanted some assurance that he would have the opportunity to earn a great deal of money at Disney.
Disney is a great opportunity to make a lot of money.

Participants stressed the importance of independence, both in fact and appearance, as essential for the board to be able to fulfill its responsibilities.
The participants were helpful in gathering information about how to move forward.

And I  I hearwhat I am safe from.
People are always aligned with what keeps them safe.

Carols are playing just about everywhere as shoppers hit stores for their annual holiday gift-buying.
The stores play carols to attract shoppers.

um who has nothing to hide would object
A person with nothing tohide would object on the grounds that it isn't fair.

The major determinants of economic growth in the model are changes in the labor force, capital formation, and the growth in total factor productivity.
Changes to the labor force hurt economic growth more than anything.

Visits to Masada and Yad Vashem (the Holocaust Museum) may give you an inkling of the capacity for tragedy and heroism embodied in both that history and the modern State of Israel.
This is because these are two very attractive literary features that can be embedded into culture.

The Scottish Enlightenment
The English and Scottish Enlightenment.

A TIG conference was held in Chicago in October to introduce this year's grantees to the national support system that LSC has developed, with the assistance of numerous grantees.
In addition to handing out numerous awards to previous grantees, the TIG conference held in Chicago also introduced this year's grantees.

Kissinger offers them a stiff foreign policy framework, a set of principles sharply contrasted to Clinton's ad hocism.
Kissinger's framework reflects those of previous war time administrations.

But a film and a slide show are not the same thing as fully imagined fiction.
It takes years of experience to be able to put together a fully imagined fiction.

Should I ever do any.
If I ever represent any cases like that in the future.

yeah and you don't want to no no
You don't want to go there.

no i don't think so either um
I believe something else more vividly. 

Branch's King is a theologian for the American way.
Branch's King is a theologian for the American way because he understands it all.

Should we use the tax system to penalize companies that fire workers and reward those that do not?
Tax tax penalty of at least ten thousand dollars will be required to have a measurable effect.

View the town and surrounding countryside from the belfry of the H??tel de Ville or go down to the basement and take the guided tour of the labyrinth of underground passages that have served a variety of purposes over the centuries.
The underground passages are among the most mysterious aspects of the town.

Guadeloupe, incredibly, almost never sees a shark anywhere near its coast.
It's rare to see a shark near Guadeloupe's coast because the water is too warm.

In that respect, participants noted that the SEC should be effectively using the option of referring cases when appropriate to the Department of Justice for investigation for possible violation of criminal statues.
Participants saw the SEC could refer 10,000 cases.

The key was in the lock.
The key fit the lock perfectly.

This will guarantee we find men of value.
The men were required to prove their fighting skills.

In 2001, final reconfiguration of the LSC-funded delivery system will be completed, leaving three programs--Prairie State Legal Services, Land of Lincoln Legal Assistance Foundation, and the Legal Assistance Foundation of Metropolitan Chicago.
The LSC-funded delivery system will have various features, like a dancing animal if that is what one would want.

1 is the easy-to-forget point that money shouldn't be able to buy influence with a democratic government.
Money is the root of most problems in today's government.

Some questions or screens may lead naturally to referral and treatment.
Treatment needs referral 

yeah i uh i i lived in a part of Houston that was uh unpleasant i lived south down in uh the Montrose area
I lived in a very scary part of Houston.

uh-huh you right yeah you almost have to get started pretty early probably i guess
You could be flexible with starting times.

During the season there are many exhibitions and performances in the gardens of the hall; ask at the Tourist Board office for information.
The garden exhibitions are usually in very high attendance.

(All were immediately corrected or jettisoned.)
They had never messed up on such a wide scale before.

McCain, who is running for president and has his own shaky marital history, has assiduously ducked comment.
McCain's history was kept secret.

For example, the government, in its role as purchaser, can offer rewards and apply sanctions to a chief executive officer to ensure performance.
The government is the chief purchaser for all sectors of business and thus wields great buying power.

On Face the Nation , political consultant Ralph Reed went further, calling the scandal Al Gore's albatross because he acted as an advocate for a president who 73 percent of the American people believe committed perjury and only 24 percent think is honest and trustworthy.
Ralph Reed also admonished Dick Cheney for his role in influencing the actions of Congress.

Unfortunately, these are trappings that come with billion-dollar price tags attached.
The price tags are made out of gold.

Anticipating similar sales, Viking shipped 27,000 copies of The Odyssey to bookstores and 10,000 copies of a tape of the actor Ian McKellen reading it.
Viking enjoyed much higher sales numbers than expected and had to ramp up production to meet the immense demand for their books.

yeah have you ever been on a jury
Have you ever been on a jury for a capital punishment case?

Shuttle buses run to the Roissy-Charles de Gaulle transportation hub.
The shuttle buses run regularly throughout the day.

With those words, the Republican front-runner takes a bold stand against taking bold stands.
The republican made a statement that was huge. 

That 'message' was Mr. Brown's way of giving an order to his subordinate.
Mr. Brown was kind to his lower ranks.

Guggenheim and her dogs are buried here.
Guggenheim was partial to Corgis and kept many during her life.

Health effects studies provide both a best estimate of this relationship plus a measure of the statistical uncertainty of the relationship.
Health effects studies are the global standard for measuring statistical uncertainty 

Then continue west from the Praca do Municipio on Rua da Carreira, a bustling street full of interesting, old-fashioned shops and buildings.
If you continue west you will see a busy street with interesting, old-fashioned shops and buildings. They are only open till 5 pm during the week.

At the backwoods setting of Critter Country you'll find the exciting Splash Mountain log flume ride, while Frontierland takes you to the realm of the pioneers, along with steamships and runaway mine trains.
In 1965 a salmonella outbreak shut down Splash Mountain for a week while the water was decontaminated.

It allows the evaluator to remain alert to other questions that might prove more salient if allowed to emerge.
Many different things are always demanding attention at once.

'Lincoln is a real problem,' White finally said.
White had lost control over Lincoln.

However, because none of the statutory exceptions apply to toll the 60-day delay in the effectiveness of the INS rule, 5 U.S.C.
An exception is currently being drafted.

hey i'm headed there
Did your parents or grandparents read to you when you were young?

Unaddressed mail is included in the calculations for other posts.
Unaddressed mail is common

Lalley praises the lawyers working for Western Michigan, Legal Services. 
Western Michigan lawyers worked specifically with Lalley and associates.

(His mother was born on Ios. )
His mother was born in 1960.

This would be different.
This is different than the last few times.

'They'll kill you,' I warned him.
They wanted his head after what he said about them in a live broadcast, and I had to warn him that he was in great danger and could be killed at any moment.

what what kind of engineering were you in oh okay
What kind of engineering wer you doing in the Army?

we could save the country but
We don't though.

'This is certainly cosy.'
This is a cosy couch. 

The biography exposes the pioneer sexologist as a gay masochist who organized and filmed orgies.
The biography said the gay masochist enjoyed filming orgies. 

do they live close by
Can I walk to their home?

and so when we  you know we're on the way to home church and the bombing's just begun you know and we go into this birthday party for a surprise party
The birthday party was for a friend of ours.

One of the worse things that you can do is promise services that we can't deliver.
Services you can't deliver are sucky 

With mild distaste, I took the Gauntlet he handed me.
I didn't want to take it but I took the gauntlet and then threw it. 

On the rear wall is the Shiva Mahesamurti, a bust of Shiva as the Supreme Lord, while Bhairava the angry destroyer looks to the left and his sensuous aspect looks to the right.
The rear wall is the most important part of the museum.

The width of the NOEC-LOEC interval is a function of the dilution series, and differs greatly depending on whether a dilution factor of 0.3 or 0.5 is used in the test design.
Even a slight change could bring different results.

yeah it was a great that's a i think that's that's one thing too um you know you can't get so much caught up in the expense
The experience is more important than the expense

Lombardy's rice, wheat, and maize are the basis of the nation's risotto, pasta, and polenta.
Without Lombardy's rice, wheat and maize there would be no risotto, pasta, or polenta.

Why was I chosen?
Was I picked because I was smart?

But you shall pay for it oh, yes, you shall pay for it! 
You have wronged me.

You'll find a printed guide indicating times and difficulty of various hikes at the Pointe-? -Pitre tourist office.
The difficulty of the hikes in the guide range from easy to strenuous. 

I saw a top-hat.
I saw a man wearing a big black ht.

Oliveri shrugged.
Oliveri clearly pretended not to care.

very good point but i think they need should do that and then the families will have said
It is up to them in the end, but they should do that.

This policy is important for another reason.
The reason is because it serves to better the community.

Some projects require a higher degree of boiler integration and less erected steel and, therefore, have a higher percentage of boilermaker labor.
Projects with a higher percentage of boilermaker labor are usually the most costly to maintain.

In Among Giants , another English romance in which freedom and security play footsie, the rover is a  an Australian climbah named Gerry (Rachel Griffiths) who joins up with a cowboylike crew of daredevil painters led by Pete Postlethwaite's Ray--they have 15 miles of mammoth electric towers to coat in a mere three months.
Gerry meets the crew of painters on the streets of a city.

Cale de la Princesa's trajectory ends where the university district begins.
The university district houses three schools of theology and one of philosophy.

uh i am amazed i don't have an answer for why the numbers are so low
I thought the numbers were higher.

The infants, they found, listened longer to subsequent tapes that didn't contain these words than to those that did--suggesting the babies had learned the words.
Babies can learn words from audio tapes.

The whole story is absolutely untrue. 
Every part of the story is false, but it's based on a true story.

At the foot of the bridge is John Foley's monument to Daniel O'Connell, surrounded by four victory figures and peppered with bullet holes from 1922.
The monument is in the place where the famous victory gesture happened.

Of course, the company is now and will forever be effectively worthless.
The company does not have any funds.

Black blood, brains, and teeth sprayed on the two riders behind him.
Blood from the demons sprayed the riders.

Even without the corporate changes, he noted, LSNY has asserted the right to withhold from the local corporations money that it gets on their behalf from the Legal Services Corporation and any other source.
LSNY didn't have corporate changes affect it because they were not impacted by private organizations.

okay well i'm not sure exactly if that's true though because i know people that have been tested more than one time
I know someone who was tested four times.

His evocation of Hong Kong is full of sharp observations--on subjects ranging from politics to food to sex to servitude (Dwight Garner, Newsday ). But his protagonist, a misanthropic businessman named Neville Bunt Mullard, is deemed poorly drawn.
His evocation of hong kong is full of sharp observations on a variety of subjects because he is very intelligent.

(Of course, taking the long view on democracy also requires taking the longer view.
Taking the long view on democracy requires more time and effort than taking a short view.

It is no place for the faint-hearted.
It is a place that is famous for attracting adventurous travellers.

It runs several new pictures of Lewinsky, including two that are embarrassingly revealing.
The photographer got hold of these pictures by stalking Lewinsky.

But after the election, says Blankley, there is a 99.
In addition to the 99 after the election, there is one still undecided

and uh and it worked out fine from that standpoint uh plus the fact that uh when i left uh usually uh my husband was seldom home for maybe forty five minutes or so and then our son he had to get on the bus and he did get on the bus it was his responsibility and he never ever thought
Since my son had to get himself on the bus he missed it 4 times in the first 2 weeks.

And celebrate your intermediary successes along the journey.
Celebrating your successes have a positive impact on your mental well-being.

did you see that
I think you saw that.

The adventures have begun, she murmured to herself.
I am glad the adventures have finally begun, she murmured.

Raja Jai Singh II, that scholar of the stars who dotted northern India with his collections of instruments for observing the heavens, chose an exact date for moving his capital from Amber 17 November 1727 as auspicious.
The date of his instrument constructions were also chosen carefully.

No, sir, there was a bit of blotting paper over that part.
No, sir, the blotting paper that was there has been removed.

Formed by square posts with finely sculptured panels, the gates are topped by three architraves (crosears), one placed above the other with dwarfs or animals.
You won't find this kind of construction anywhere else in the world.

To help agency leaders effectively lead and manage their people and integrate human capital considerations into daily decision making and the program results they seek to achieve, we developed a strategic human capital model.
To help agency leaders lead and manage, you have to integrate human capital considerations into decisions you make each day about staffing numbers.

No, she said, you may not.
She held the door closed as she refused permission.

Hell, even I might choose Jim Lehrer.
Hell, even I might choose Jim Lehrer because there is no other option.

'Well then.
If you say so. 

well do you exercise regularly Judy
I was hoping we could go to the gym together sometime.

The word gethsemane comes from the Hebrew gat shemen, meaning olive oil press. 
Hebrew gives us a lot of modern words.

The king shook off the domination of the India Gupta emperors and extended his kingdom from the Kosi River in the east to the Gandaki River in the west and from the Terai to the Himalayan passes.
The Inda Gupta emperors were very cruel rulers. 

uh i know that uh minor uh wrecks don't require uh police here
Only large accidents require police presence.

The race was young when that was built, eh?"
That construction is several centuries old?

But after about a quarter century in private practice, he resigned in April 2000 and became executive director of Nebraska Legal Services.
Serving as director of Nebraska Legal Services, he was much happier.

The  1) Bush's declaration marks the earliest start ever to a presidential campaign.
The declaration was made after a speech.

But even though Legal Aid lawyers provide legal services to thousands of indigent clients in Northeast Florida, including hundreds a year in Clay County, the needs of many others go unmet due to budgetary constraints and staffing limitations.
Internal state politics are the cause of the staffing limitations.

There would be little honor in this battle or the ones to come.
The battles were going to occur weekly.

yeah and i think that's where
I think that's where we went last week.

Although not open to the public, its towers and beautifully carved stone walls can be seen from various vantage points in the city.
Using the various vantage points in the city to view its towers is a popular pastime.

Knightley carefully concludes only that the photograph turns out not to be the clear and simple statement of fact that it otherwise appears.
Knightley says the photo is too blurry to read.

It was a long time before the Kentuckian was able to separate Shiloh from his ring of new admirers and bring him back to the stable.
Shiloh gained a lot of new admirers because of his victory.

However, Clinton would risk legislative revenge if he tried to pursue the issue in the face of firm majorities against him in Congress.
Clinton would pursue the issue anyway because he believed he would succeed. 

next year they'll be uh playing and i know Memphis State was even in a few of them where they got uh couldn't play
I expect that Memphis State will be able to play in the next few.

'You really were planning to betray me in the end, weren't you?'
"You were going to kill me at the end, we're you?"

'Or Mr. Franklin loses another life.'
Franklin kills another person. 

Her gaze shifted between the two men but she did not move.
The men were waiting for her to try to escape.

uh the last movie that i saw i i don't go to that many so i'll just have to talk about the ones that i went to see but uh it was Awakenings with uh Robin Williams and uh Peter DeNiro
The last movie that i saw, since i i don't go to that many so i'll just have to talk about the ones that i went to see, but it was Awakenings with Robin Williams and Peter DeNiro, it was a great movie!

Other things she showed me had more beauty than I have ever known.
She showed me around her country and I found new beauty in life.

Foreign investment, in the form of joint ventures in the fields of tourism and mineral and oil exploration, was keenly encouraged.
Foreign investment was keenly encouraged because it helps boosts the economy.

We let ourselves out.
We opened the gate and let ourselves out.

Its gardens, with ponds, mounds, and shady woods, are English in style ' a relaxing change from the formality of the chateau.
The ponds are the home of some rare species of fish.

Do people really want that?
Some people want to wear blue shirts with red stripes.

Too many eyes are upon her. 
She was performing a play for hundreds of people. 

You can argue that Microsoft has stepped across the line on this one--but surely by only a few inches.
Microsoft pushed the envelope on the privacy of their Windows phone users.

They then look for someone qualified to write on the subject, but without any bias.
They look for someone that can write on the subject, but without any bias, said the director.

A bon vivant who held extravagant parties, Vaudreuil and his elegant wife presided over a sort of Golden Age of social grace, when the colonial elite were invited to plays, musicales, and balls.
The mascarade ball held each year by Vaudreuil was the high-point of the social season.

Studies of educational strategies to change physician behavior suggest that informational material and formal CME conferences have little impact, while outreach activities by professional organizations and opinion leaders conducting on-site educational programs produce positive change.
Physician behavior has commonly been lacking before the advent of educational programs that aim to change that.

you like everything but jazz what don't you like about jazz
Why won't you listen to jazz music on the radio?

Per capita 2000 dollars Double 2035 level by 2070 140,000 120,000
Per capita 2000 dollars Double 2035 level by 2070 140,000 120,000 180,000

The Germans, he writes, displayed the callousness toward human life typically attending war.
The Germans killed many people.

uh the topic is to discuss the uh sources where i receive news
The social studies topic wants me to discuss where I get my news.

but once you get into family coverage it's crazy
The family coverage part is an interesting part to get into.

Increasing national saving and thus long-term economic growth is crucial to the long-term sustainable solvency of Social Security and Medicare.
If economic growth is sustainable, then the nation will have more reason to continue paying into Social Security.

well i'm trying to think if i ever even had a favorite one at one time uh
I tried not to have favorites.

Boards need to have adequate resources, including having access to their own independent attorneys and advisors when they believe it is appropriate.
Some boards maintain a staff of full time attorneys.

Three million slaves had died.
Three million slaves had died instantly.

Keeping summary records of actual security incidents is one way that an organization can measure the frequency of various types of violations as well as the damage suffered from these incidents.
Many organizations choose this summary method as their way of measuring violation frequency.

yes uh-huh yeah i it's the same way with everything in education though it should begin and right down in the first grade uh and your very best teachers in my estimation should be first second or third grade so that the children develop good learning patterns and have some success and want to go on learning and continue learning uh and not wait until they're in high school and then it's too late to try to change them around at that point
Children should learn how to vote before it's too late, and they don't want to vote at all. 

yeah they can keep on the pressure all the whole game
The pressure doesn't tire them out.

I think that for the first time we realized that the thing was not a bad dream, but a tangible reality. 
We had to push on and get to the other side of this.

The procedure is designed to ensure that the Administrator will approve those qualified projects that will result in the largest amount of sulfur dioxide emission reductions achieved per allowance awarded.
The Administrator needed help in approving the best projects.

Pro bono attorneys provide clients legal assistance at the final domestic violence protective order hearing.
Pro bono attorneys occasionally act as emotional counselors.

Its effects would be felt very soon, probably in about an hour. 
Its effects of alertness would be felt in about an hour.

and uh you know there's there's just you know like people will go like they like the U S goes and goes into Panama and what see i don't believe in war that's my thing i don't believe that anybody should die
I think that we are not supposed to wage ware with anyone.

Miss Howard?
Miss Howard, are you here?

Call for me in passing ”the last house in the village. 
You can find me at the edge of town. 

As with any area of operations, written policies are the primary mechanism by which management communicates its views and requirements to its employees, clients, and business partners.
Management communities are open to other mechanism.

uh absentee and i've done that and actually we've got some high turn outs here in Arlington on some of the absentee because you can vote like two Saturdays before or something like that
It makes it a lot easier for absentee voters if they can go early.

On a day when Italy is involved in a major international football match, streets all over the country are deserted until the cars come out honking for a frenetic victory parade or the men shuffle on foot to the Piazza del Duomo for a funereal post-defeat commiseration and recrimination.
On match day in Italy, pizza is free for soccer fans of wining team.

yes but they probably live in a city also don't they
We live in a city.

Without their knowing, I listened.
I heard everything she said, but she never knew that.

Thank you, said the other.
They gave thanks at Thanksgiving.

so i i i i i think it's essential that it's done and i think the real trick is to avoid the you know a little more attention to human psychology and whereas people want round numbers and after all the whole reason to go over to metric is to have round numbers so they don't deal with thirty seconds of an inch and so what the exact
It would be easier on our lives if we could have use metric system.

The piece is accompanied by the requisite sidebars about a go-getting movie director, a fabulously successful cosmetics manufacturer, and a hip young environmental activist.
The magazine has an eclectic amount of features. 

It is but the extremely beautiful nature that you have, which made me pause."
The person in question isn't that beautiful.

(That's why millions of decent Americans watch Just Shoot Me : It'll be the talk of the schoolyard tomorrow.
Just Shoot Me is a popular television show.

Rather, they should be seen only as illustrations of the economic outcomes associated with alternative saving paths based on common demographic and economic assumptions.
There are several economic assumptions that could further be considered to assess their usefulness.

This man was not the same as the others they had fought.
This man was bigger, stronger and more valiant.

46 Higher Expected Spending and Call for New Benefit Underscore Need for Meaningful Reform (GAO-01-539T, March 22, 2001).
reform is needed for new military benefits

and it was good weather
The weather was sunny, breezy and mild.

well i i i think we're going to see that i think uh that the quality that the Japan carmakers had is slipping a little bit while American carmakers are trying to get their butt together so
Japanese car manufacturers are slipping after the recession.

so yes we are
We are in a mutually exclusive relationship.

The bright motifs with mirror-work stitched into them, much favored by Rajasthani ladies of the desert for their long flowing skirts, are known as cutchhi or saurashtra.
The long flowing skirts of Rajasthani women are made with great effort.

The Erlenborn Commission was established to evaluate the scope of permissible representation for eligible aliens by LSC grantees.
The LSC grantees cooperate with the Erlenborn Commission.

If people adjust their retirement plan to reflect benefit reductions, increased personal saving today could provide new resources to invest.
Retirement plans provide all kinds of investing resources.

You saw him die and were dragged off with us and his body.
You watched him get stabbed seven times in his heart

sometimes the color would take too long to plot uh plot out
Plotting out papers without color is much easier.

they'll be playing the latest of Bon Jovi or White Snake or groups like that
They have a good collection of latest music.

Managing the increased risks associated with a highly interconnected computing environment demands increased central coordination to ensure that weaknesses in one organizational unit's systems do not place the entire organization's information assets at undue risk.
IT managers should meet once a month to coordinate risk management planning.

That is a pity, said the Coroner dryly. 
He shook his head as he said it.

The notoriously jingoistic Sun , which has never before shown even a hint of friendship toward Japan, published an editorial promising a new era of better relations between our two countries.
In January, the Sun published an article outlining how this country and Japan can better their relationship. 

The Value of Preventing Non-fatal Road  Findings of a Willingness-to-pay National Sample Survey.
Preventing Non-fatal Road Findings of a Willingness-to-pay National Sample Survey is a priority to many people.

i don't think that's worth it  i don't think spending an extra you know twenty thousand dollars for a car is worth it you know i don't know
They're built well, and I've read they're good for the environment, but I'm not sure spending a few extra thousand on a car is something I'd do. 

Both are Democrats who converted to conservative Republicanism.
Both of the men running for mayor are former Democrats. 

(For stills, clips, and the like, see the Murder at 1600 site.)
1600 site has lots of info. 

All three are correct and earn a point each, though Gigot loses half a point for scoring on a bunt.
This puts Gigot in last position, trailing with half a point.

Alas, the president has not made this case.
He will make this case.

Bathala's breath! said the dark man.
The dark man had a maniacal tone.

They called Jamaica  Xaymaca  ( land of wood and water ).
They called Jamaica other names too.

okay we we're very similarly aged so we probably have an interesting interesting perspective on the music on the times so i'm just a couple years older than you uh essentially i was one of the nerdy types in high school really which meant that i for one reason or another i didn't pay much attention to music but as i look back now i realize it was very formative for me uh my early popular music interests were in Simon and Garfunkel whom i saw perform when i was in college and i became attached to that style of uh urban urban country if there is such a thing i think with in
I did not own any music records when I was in high school.

Investment in the capital stock is a principal source of growth in labor productivity, or output per hour worked.
Output per hour worked depends on five variables.

but i believe that the way that it was done and the way that was handled were right i don't remember that feeling back in Vietnam
Things were handled better this time.

First, they should deliver maximum moral benefit at minimum practical cost.
They need to get their job done before stuff get's out of hand.

An additional observatory was added in the 1820s, but the smoky skies and train steam over the city at that time made it an unsuitable location for watching the stars.
The observatory was abandoned in the late 1840s.

The analysis concluded that, because the rule relaxed the foot and mouth disease-related restrictions on the importation of beef from Argentina, the proposed rule could have a significant economic impact on a substantial number of small entities in the United States.
The price of beef exported to Argentina from the United States can double due to foot-and-mouth disease. 

Exceptions were quickly carved out (for example, surgical residents aren't included), and even then many hospitals could not afford to stick to the guidelines.
Hospitals are at least trying to stick to their guidelines.

He was quite ordinary just like anyone else." Mr. Carter sighed in his tired manner.
Mr. Carter was tired of pondering how the other person was quite ordinary.  

These form pleadings will be used at pro se clinics sponsored by ILS and the Pro Bono Committees throughout the state.
Clinics are being sponsored in Illinois.

Pokemon, by contrast, centers on an intellectually demanding game.
Pokémon is most popular in Japan

i mean that's a i don't know that's just it and that's why i don't mind paying more
I am willing to pay a premium price, given how good the service is.

Within his grief moved an older sadness.
He was inconsolably sad and upset.

but everybody that was real close to the water ended up it was either that or their truck was going to go floating downstream
The water swept away all their belongings and cars too.

i'm not sure though when we talk about what rules if any that we should say well certain segments should not have to be tested i really don't see why
the rules are already pretty clear, the students should understand

In this context, GAO works to continuously improve the economy, efficiency, and effectiveness of the federal government through the conduct of financial audits, program reviews, evaluations, analyses, legal opinions, investigations, and other services.
The GAO is concerned with the efficiency of the government.

He roams undisturbed, sometimes coming in with relics from the old cliff houses to trade for supplies.
He is a like a travelling salesman, only he trades for commodities.

We was sittin' round on our heels then, waitin' for some general to make up his mind as to where he was gonna throw some lead fast.
The generals were dependent on messengers to know what was going on.

and if you really pushed it you taught until you had kids or something you know if you had if you were a teacher then you know that was it
You would lose the ability to teach properly if you had kids.

Intent on capturing a piece of the Portuguese trade in pepper and other spices, the Java-based Dutch allied with the Malays in 1633 to blockade Melaka.
The Dutch and the Malays had worked together before.

Other reviewers place Fagles' work in the same league as Fitzgerald's and Lattimore's classic translations.
Fagle's work is considered a classic but is terrible. 

They're making noises, said Slim, in a whisper which was barely audible.
Slim didn't want them to hear him so he spoke quietly.

sure but i'll bet your values are a lot higher you know your your and your self esteem and the way the way you uh you know think about things is probably a lot more common sense
Your values are strong because you were raised well.

In landlord-tenant disputes, small claims and housing matters, high numbers of poor litigants must argue pro se.
Most poor litigants cannot afford to hire lawyers for housing matters.

Some of the larger hotels, such as the Savoy, allow non-residents into their pool areas, but at a price guaranteed to exclude locals.
Locals are not wanted at the Savoy hotel.

A recent report of the National Academy of Sciences (NAS) concluded that while most Americans face a very low risk from methylmercury, children of women who consume large amounts of fish during pregnancy face a much higher risk.
Eating fish during pregnancy will increase the risk from methylmercury.

Even for the most intrepid and socially conscious of graduates, starting a practice requires a giant leap of faith, and more than a little guesswork.
Starting a practice can leave people destitute.

What on earth could Poirot be doing in London! 
Poirot was supposed to be here.

 A few miles southwest of Ibiza Town is the medieval church of Sant Jordi, combining gracious arches with no-nonsense defensive bulwarks.
The defensive bulwarks were used to keep raiders away in the distant past.

The conductors didn't seem to mind.
The conductors had seen it all and didn't care.

He sat down at the table.
Someone saw him sitting at the table

For this reason, interest earned by revolving funds should normally be classified as exchange revenue.
Exchange revenues are taxed at a different rate than other times of revenue.

To do that, Nash, on a wager, disposed of a deep problem that had baffled the profession since the 19 th  He showed that any Riemannian manifold possessing a special kind of smoothness can be embedded in Euclidean space.
Others in the profession were very pleased with what Nash discovered about Euclidean space. 

The contrast makes the stunning views of snow-capped Machhapuchhare, the famous Fish Tail peak dubbed the Nepalese Matterhorn, all the more marvelous.
Tourists come to the area to enjoy sightseeing and winter sports. 

Asymmetrical compositions and a mystical mood of ecstasy typify his work.
His paintings hang in galleries across the world, and his asymmetrical compositions are often imitated.

One solution being proposed, for instance, would take some landing and takeoff slots at major airports away from the industry giants and auction them off to smaller, low-fare airlines.
One solution would be take some slots away from the big airlines and give them to Spirit Airline.

but uh if you if you miss it at the right time of the day then you're okay
It's easiest to miss it in the early afternoon.

The small man's head exploded into a red mist.
A red mist was left over when a small man's head exploded from the bullet.

States must show reasonable progress in their state implementation plans toward the congressionally mandated goal of returning to natural conditions in national parks and wilderness areas.
Most states show reasonable progress yearly.

Thank you, Miss Murdoch, that is all.
I may need to talk to you again, Miss Murdock. 

Red grew argumentative.
REd grew more argumentative word by word.

Climate Research Initiative and the National Climate Change Technology Initiative.
Weather patterns and global warming initiatives.

we've got a good video place out here and uh uh oh gosh uh i'm just trying to think of all the movies i've recently seen uh oh Air America
We have a great place to rent movies for just $1.

The OMB control number for this action is 2070-0157.
Office of Management and Budget (OMB), in order to make this action easier to find in the archives, designates it as 2070-0157.

Most tabloid cliches in a single  The Enquirer 's October piece about convicted murderer Susan Smith, who is said to have 1) taken a lesbian lover in prison; 2) lost 60 pounds from bulimia; and 3) become desperate to have a baby.
Last month, most tabloid have covered the story of Susan Smith losing 60 pounds from bulimia.

You can reach CaleBassa and CaleConta, too, by road (there's a bus service), or by boat.
It is quicker to go to Cale Bassa by bus than by boat.

Somewhere backstage, an argument was raging.
Due to conflict between the cast members of the performance, there was an awful argument happening backstage, something that could not be solved in time for the show.

, overtime pay authorizations) must be reviewed and approved by an authorized official.
The pay for overtime is higher than regular hours.

In addition to women, other subgroups such as adolescents, older adults, pregnant women, psychiatric patients, and Spanish speakers may need screening with modified or unique tests.
Some subgroups need their own tests because traditional tests fail to identify problems.

He talked of the recent attempt of a noble bandit lord to take the town.
A lady bandit tried to overtake a town.

Then they sent me to Mesopotamia, and I got wounded for the second time, and went into hospital out there.
I was wounded twice in Mesopotamia. 

In fact these people seemed so ordinary that I knew they just had to be cops.
I knew they must be police that were faking their story because they were too clean-cut.

In addressing the consistency of these various approaches with current law, it is important to identify and consider all of their characteristics.
Some characteristics of the law have often been overlooked. 

Where I come from, who I was before I married John ”anything, in fact? 
Being married to John gave me meaning.

In such an atmosphere, incidents of highway banditry increased and the district governors shared the rich booty in exchange for a pardon when the bandits were captured.
Government corruption led to an increase in crime on the highways.

If you can, go out of your way to spend a few hours of watching live sumo.
Go to one of the big arenas and watch sumo!

either either do i they they i don't know i don't know how anybody can fall into this you get cash back and buy into that because
I think a lot of people are gullible, or just desperate for money.

and then other other days uh uh you you can pull them in with some degree of regularity it seems as the summer comes when it gets warm and you have calm days without a lot of wind they seem to be uh far more prevalent
You can find more of them during the summer when the temperature is above 80 degrees.

A pity, because he was supposed to show his pain.
The plan was spectacular.

But the English flag did not fly over San Juan for long.
England only held San Juan for a few days.

yeah well uh it's kind of hard to uh to know what to do with some of these teams and they're either extremely strong or very very weak and uh nothing much in between
It's really hard.

but you know i mean the whole health care thing in the states is so screwed up that uh
Talking about reform since the health care thing is a disaster. 

that you can use for point of sale purchases and we use that usually to buy gasoline and it's just it's really amazing how quickly that goes
"It's incredible how fast point of sale purchases go when we use that to buy gasoline and food."

yeah yeah i should probably go back and read the book now  that i just saw the movie again not too long ago
There are many things that I do to procrastinate reading that book.

oh i see huh i didn't realize that
I see, it took me a minute to notice that.

And some will post a list of official URLs on their state government Web sites.
Official site links for legislative resources are posted on government websites.

Neither does he provide any answers to the problem, merely a wistful remembrance of how good it was.
His remembrance impedes on others' ideas.

There are temples, towns, and hundreds of other tombs of lesser though important mortals such as high priests, nobles and highly regarded artisans who worked on the royal tombs.
The high priests and nobles are not as well thought of as.

Ca'daan saw the man in the merchant's garb, surely not actually a merchant Ca'daan now understood, reach into the twisted cloak of the groaning man at his feet.
Ca'daan saw the man abusing another man.

We introduce and quantify the concept of the burden of the USO, which is the upward impact on unit costs that would result from competitive entry.
This is the first time in history that USO has been quantified in a study.

North of Konak Meydane, Ataturk Caddesi (also known as the Kordon) runs along the waterfront to the ferry port at Alsancak, 3 km (2 miles) away.
North of Konak Meydane exists multiple water fronts.

Ca'daan caught sight of an ivory face, beautiful eyes, and bare breasts of a woman from behind a silk drape.
Ca'daan saw the figure of a beautiful, ivory-skinned woman behind the drape, and felt intense desire for her.

Phillip Brewer noted that at annual meetings of the Society for Academic Emergency Medicine (SAEM), papers dealing with substance abuse were spread over other categories such as geriatrics and injury.
The papers which dealt with substance abuse were held confidentially until slightly before Phillip made his statement.

Goldman's voice is part of a rising chorus of high-profile victims' rights advocates.
Goldman is a well-respected victim's rights advocate. 

The NYT and LAT fronts report that a Vanderbilt University study, to be published today in Science , indicates that blacks are far less likely than whites to make use of the Internet.
Both need access to the Internet.

well they've gotten their five minutes worth of us i've enjoyed talking with you
This was one of the best conversation I've had with you.

i don't know if they do it until yet
I believe that they will do it at some point. 

Darkness followed greater darkness, and emerged on the other side as moonlight.
The full moon was high in the sky.

yeah i've seen well i've seen them around anyway you know
I have seen them running around the park.

there is and i don't know it's amazing that in the last ten years we've gone from a uh a major loaning nation to a major debt nation
This is a sign of how bad the country's financial decision-making has been over the past decade.

You can set your own pace, though most people manage to reach the top in around an hour.
Whatever speed you decide, know that most people can make it to the peak in one hour.

Want to find out how many times and in what context the aspect ratio of envelopes was mentioned in the current rate case?
Envelope aspect ratio is a thoroughly unnecessary thing to analyze.

These new LSC administrative provisions have been incorporated into each LSC appropriation since 1996, subject to some modifications made in the Departments of Commerce, Justice, and State, the Judiciary and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 1998, Pub.
The LSC makes modifications in the areas of Commerce, Justice and State.

Drudge (Fox News Channel; Saturdays, 9 p.m.
Drudge (Fox News Channel; Saturdays and Sundays, 9 p.m.

and she watches she watches these really gross things you know like The Nightmare on Elm Street and the you know that kind of junk i don't go for that at all
She views these disgusting things like "The Nightmare on Elm Street" and "Texas Chainsaw Massacre" every day, and I don't like that kind of garbage.

The Spanish-American War was no great challenge for the US force that landed at Guanica, on Puerto Rico's calm south coast, rather than at fortified San Juan.
The US would have lost the war had they landed in San Juan.

Suppose you want to be frugal in the future.
You should stop spending too much now.

'We'll be able to get to Lincoln well before my little contingency plan goes off.'
My plan is to kill Lincoln.

The virtual Benjamin Franklin was writing- or rather sketching- with a quill pen.
Ben Franklin was a hologram.

Before running away from home in Newark, N.J., to the Catholic home--known locally as the Convent--for instance, a character named Mavis allows her twin infants to smother to death in the family car.
Mavis was mentally deranged.

Youthful indiscretion(s): Adultery.
Adultery is a wordfor youth being silly and drunk.

they no i just think i don't know if he should have made that statement other than that you know he's all right you know but i don't know i'm not a Bush fan i'm not really none of them's fan i just wish something else could be done in this country i don't know what
I wish things were better in this country.

The contract should specify all deliverables required from the vendor.
If the contract doesn't include these specifics, it'll be entirely up to the vendor.

Mr. Cavendish, I have some important business in Tadminster. 
It's because in it's in Tadminster that I have important business.

and he left TI about eight or nine years ago and went elsewhere and he's he came through town and visited with me and bottom line is i'm going to retire and go to work for him
I will have to relocate in order to take the job

Amen." He drew up a chair, and the girl turned away to the door.
He sat in a chair and started eating, while the girl exited the room.

3) Senate Judiciary Committee Chairman Orrin Hatch said the White House knew of Chinese efforts to influence U.S. elections a year sooner than the administration admits, yet continued to raise money through Chinese-affiliated fund raisers.
Orrin Hatch is the Senate Judiciary Committee Chairman for the fifth term in a row.

Under the Convention of Chuenpi, Britain was given the island of Hong Kong, and on 26 January 1841, it was proclaimed a British colony.
Britain fought long and hard for it to become a British Colony.

You see! said Mary quietly. 
Mary has had enough of her hypocrisy, and launched into a detailed retort.

It's a brilliantly self-justifying line of  I am on television because I am a role model, and I am a role model because I am on television.
I have always wanted to be a role model on television.

oh really the whole length or uh
The whole sub was ordered by the customer?

The FDA, in drafting the rule to ease the burden on small entities, has not applied the design requirements to all Class I devices and component suppliers have been removed from the rule's coverage.
The FDA will include component suppliers in their coverage in the future.

The last stop on the DART is Bray, a seaside resort with a beach and amusement arcades.
Bray also includes a vast array of restaurants.

First of all, how are you going to travel?
Are you going to travel by boat?

If you've brought lunch, Grande Anse has pleasant shoreside picnic spots.
Ham sandwiches and cucumbers are the perfect food to eat at the Grande Anse picnic spots.

well i i off and on off and on right now i've been off off but um i've been going over to the fitness center
I'm off and on exercising but I go to the fitness center.

Slim was hurt.
Slim had been injured in the scuffle.

To spend more than four hours covering every paved and unpaved road, most of which terminate in unannounced dead ends, would be a difficult task.
There are not a lot of roads in the area, including the unpaved roads.

The independence and objectivity of stock analysts reporting is also a matter of concern.
It is a concern because if it isn't truly objective, it could lead to false results.

Since its founding in 1983, PSC has continued to promote and further the notion that private sector know-how can, and should, be utilized to assist in solving public sector challenges by supplying federal managers with modern ideas, methodologies, and applications through over 300 projects.
PSC believe in the private sector over the public sector.

Most of Madeira's good hotels have their own swimming pools, but if yours doesn't, year-round swimming is open to the public at the excellent Complexo Balnear do Lido (Lido Swimming Complex; Tel. 291/762 217) in Funchal's Tourist Zone.
Complexo Balnear do Lido has a year round public swimming pool.

and seeing like all i've seen all of James Dean's movies
I can tell you the plots to all the James Dean movies ever made.

Soon after his arrival in Spain, the young man inherited the title of Holy Roman Emperor, as Charles V. The responsibilities of the crown kept him busy away from the royal residences of Toledo, Segovia, Valladolid, and Madrid.
Charles V was quite sad to be separated from his lavish homes.

Only two of the eight islands of des Saintes are inhabited, and one, Terre-de-Bas, just barely.
All the islands of des Saintes used to be occupied, but most have moved to the mainland, and their descendants remain so. 

yeah you too bye bye
Thank you too, goodbye.

The innermost coffin is of iron, the next of mahogany, then two of lead, one of ebony, and the outer one of oak.
The innermost coffin is in the best shape out of them all.

British phlegm! 
Most British people can agree that British phlegm is a good thing.

Persistent U.S. current account deficits have translated into a rising level of indebtedness to other countries.
If the U.S. stopped having deficits there would be lower levels of indebtedness in other countries.

He did not come to the flat, and Julius and the car waited in vain.
He decided to not show up to the flat. 

I couldn't even build a doghouse.
The doghouse is for the pack of dogs we bought.

yeah absolutely well we just had a case uh
We had a case of the flu going around the school last week.

On the west flank of the handsome Piazza Maggiore, the massive medieval Palazzo Comunale with its Renaissance porch is a striking expression of Bologna's civic power.
Bologna has civil power, but has never had military power.

Again he made the gesture.
The first gesture failed.

His face was on the table; a spread of photographs.
There were a lot of his pictures on the table.

It was once regarded as the most beautiful street in Europe, a claim that is difficult to understand today since so many of the original buildings have been replaced.
Replacing the original buildings was a move that the residents bitterly resisted.

Red Lotus, said the Kal.
The Kal wanted to be the head of the Red Lotus.

um-hum we didn't throw away anything did we
We didn't throw away any of our mother's gifts, or did we?

The giving hasn't been limited to attorneys.
Many other groups have donated money.

Attendee Robert Gooch was there for the second time, working to prepare for his upcoming court date regarding car damages.
The car damages had happened when he was driving distracted.

Twenty to one! "Done!Ca'daan saw the northerner smile.
Because of the exclamation, it's likely they're playing a game.

uh what kind of um besides your besides your salary what's what's the most the thing that you would consider to be most important as a benefit
Salary is the most important benefit to you.

What had she meant by that low murmur: "Mr. Brown?" Tuppence caught herself nervously looking over her shoulder.
She had meant to warn Mr. Brown about Tuppence.

and you make sure that you keep up with them for the next time we got one of those kind that have got the
We have got to keep up, or beat them. 

Evidence as to the financial difficulties in which the prisoner had found himself at the end of July. 
Bank statements showing the prisoner's financial position.

A small legal office in downtown Woodburn is offering an answer.
It is an answer to a question that is often asked by poor people.

At least seven more of the assassins surrounded them.
The assassins formed a circle around them.

yeah believe me i know there is i lived in Plano and i don't know if you're familiar with Plano but Plano maybe five percent of the Plano actually were from Texas
Those from Texas preferred Plano, so they moved there. 

First he crushed the coffee-cup to powder under his feet, remembering that she had gone up with his mother the night before, and he determined that there should be no chance of testing its contents. 
Her and his mother have a very inappropriate relationship. 

In addition, many organizations required users to sign a statement that they had read and understood the organization's information security policies.
Many groups made users sign a statement saying they agreed to the security policies and they would punish them in the courtroom if they did not.

uh yeah i have one of these little Zenith laptops which uh the uh everybody here at school has to buy one
All the students at my school, the University of Alabama, need to buy a zenith laptop to take notes with. 

and the fuel was so expensive i mean i i just i can't believe i mean when we when we came back on our way back i mean
We could barely afford to get a half tank of fuel.

And by drugs, which have been their remedy for every psychological  LSD to shatter hang-ups; cocaine to alleviate chronic boredom; Prozac to lift depression.
LSD is commonly used to trea PTSD.

An average restaurant, offering a variety of typically Turkish food and drink, freshly prepared, is called a lokanta or restoran, and may or may not be licensed.
Most traditional Turkish restaurants serve freshly prepared foods with no preservatives.

Its budget is $818 million, and it distributes $22.
It only distributes $22 to each single mother per year, despite its large budget. 

How are the mighty fallen! 
The mightiest failed their tasks

They were justifiably concerned, advocates say.
The concern was quite normal due to the case.

After years of study, these onnagata make an astoundingly subtle and delicate art of capturing the gestures and movements of both young girls and old crones.
These onnagata practice by observing the young and elderly in nursing homes and daycares.

well talk to you later Tom Clancy it's called A Clear and Present Danger
Tom Clancy's book is my favorite.

Tai Po, just south of Fanling, is known for its market, Tai Po Market, which buzzes with activity daily from 7am to 6pm.
Tai Po Market sells a wide variety of knick knacks and household goods. 

There's no moss growing on my brain.
I will never become dull minded.  

But they don't have a veto on this.
They have vetoed too many things and no longer can.

To determine the best of the available screens, a multi-center trial with a broad demographic mix and a large number of patients subjected to different screens is needed.
A multi-center trial will cost the business millions of dollars.

The Jardin des Plantes next door, created by Louis XIII as a royal garden of medicinal plants, is still an excellent botanical and decorative garden, with exotic plants in the hothouses.
Louis XIII created this royal garden because he thought fit to have readily available natural medicine and herbal life close.

There was a momentary pause.
The pause was awkward.

'Let me help you pour that.'
Since you hurt your hand, let me help you pour that.

Jon wondered for a moment how lucky they had been to pick the right spot for their retreat until the answer came to him.
Jon thought about their luck for a few more minutes.

we go where the work is
The work is available seasonly.

He left me very badly off. 
I blamed him for most of my problems.

For obvious reasons it is known universally as the Peppercanister Church ; occasional events and concerts are held here.
School plays and community theatre are among the events held at the Peppercanister Church.

They were in the barn now and Slim saw the large cage suspended from a hook in the roof.
The barn was spacious.

A related piece, based on polls, says that Americans back gay rights in theory but dislike public displays of gay affection.
About 70 percent of Americans support gay rights, but 60 percent didn't like them showing public displays of affection.

The House passed the partial-birth-abortion ban , as expected.
The House passed the ban on partial birth abortions in July of 2012. 

that would be political suicide for anybody to i would think
Politicians avoid doing things that lose elections at the expense of what's right.

Leading northeast from Lake Windermere to Ullswater, Kirkstone Pass on the A592 is the highest in the Lakes 446 m (1,489 ft).
Kirkstone Pass is often closed in winter due to heavy snow.

or uh you know increase your hospital benefits if you were in had a lot kids or something like that or
I would advise you to increase your hospital benefits if you have more that two kids.

For the Menidia beryllina test method, the effluent sample was an industrial wastewater spiked with CuSO4, the receiving water sample was a natural seawater spiked with CuSO4, and the reference toxicant sample was bioassay-grade FORTY FATHOMSa synthetic seawater spiked with CuSO4.
This water was consumed and reached may households.

See chapter 6 for a discussion of the standards used when performing attestation engagements.
The standards used when performing attestation engagements has not changed in decades.

Tommy put his doubts aside.
Tommy didn't put his doubts aside easily.

The cannon on the ramparts were never fired in defense of the harbor and these days are put to better use as slides for the children's playground.
The slides are more than ten.

Budget authority may be classified by period of availability (one year, multiple-year, or no year), by nature of the authority (current or permanent), by the manner of determining the amount available (definite or indefinite), or as gross (without reduction of offsetting collections) and net (with reductions of offsetting collections).
The method of classifying budget authority is less important than classifying consistently

The most challenging area of all is high above Wasdale.
Wasdale is so challenging because it is so high up.  

But less tendentious media outlets have also reported on Albright's ethnic background.
Albright's ethnic background is Mediterranean and Danish.

Before him was a city, bathed in orange and red, towering like the skyline of a dozen cities he had seen--and yet; not like any.
The city skyline was illuminated by the light of the setting sun.

He rose at last, however, and I breathed a sigh of relief. 
I was glad he was leaving. 

Clinton made this purpose clear in his speech Thursday at Birmingham Southern College, where he said the reason for the tests was to to find those kids and help them before they're in trouble and it's too late.
Many Democrats supported Clinton's education ideas.

For example, the web site for EPA's pesticides docket contained risk assessments for many of 49 organophosphate pesticides.
An example is the web site for the EPA's pesticides docket, which contained risk assessments of pesticides like DDT.

Situated on its own private beach just ten minutes from the airport and seconds away from the coral reefs offshore.
They have a private beach full of lounge chairs.

The appeals court rapped the agency for its scare tactics, saying it must base its conclusions on solid facts and a realistic appraisal of the danger rather than on vague fears extrapolated beyond any foreseeable threat.
The agency changed its practices in the future.

if you're good at whatever you are you know and there's employment
If you have a good skillset in your job, you will always find employment.

you know it an ounce what do they say an ounce of hind sight is worth you know whatever whatever they they
An ounce of hind sight is worth a ton of regret.

Later, the island became part of the commercial empires of Pisa, Genoa, and the Spanish, and was annexed in 1718 by the dukes of Savoy.
The island was annexed to Spain.

No legal charges were brought.
It didn't bring legal charges because witnesses said he was innocent.

Bus tours take you to the big attractions, but inevitably at times when they are busiest.
The big attractions are busiest in the afternoon.

The little man appeared to be taking the whole house into his confidence, a proceeding of which I, for one, doubted the wisdom. 
The little man was talking to the whole house when they gathered for dinner.

None of the fleeces came close to weathering this kind of cold.
All the fleeces were poorly made.

yeah and i love all the windows that they have out now too they have really simplified things
All of the windows are one colour.

right more areas where they would pick it up yeah
This laundry service is expensive, but it's more convenient as it offers pick-up service over a wider area. 

and get some fresh air in the house and it feels good but
I open all the windows and doors to get some fresh air.

for your exercising
They have equipment there for your working out.

What about the car? Tommy shook his head.
What about the new car? Tommy shook his head.

Run hosses in th' San Sabe 'fore th' war. Anse's tone was offhand, he might have been discussing the weather.
Anse sounded like he was talking about the weather because he was uninterested in the conversation.

They have transformed boys' incomplete penises into vaginas, then treated the patients with female hormones).
The sex changes operations are generally seen as a success.

The violence reached a climax in 1951, with the assassination of High Commissioner Henry Gurney.
Henry Gurney was the new High Commissioner in 1951.

get uh get the schools uh corrected to to some extent
The schools needed to get corrected.

If you are not claustrophobic, take the opportunity to enter the crypt below the temple floor, as the carvings here were never defaced and are still precise and clean.
Carvings in other temples are defaced.

uh-huh well that turned out to be a good game
I predicted that they would do well.

Some of them got really sick or went mad down there.
We were delighted to hear that some got sick and went mad there.

Gauve saw something in San'doro's eyes and grew even more pale.
He knew what was going to happen next.

that's uh pretty much takes up a lot of our day as far as producing transparencies and things
We produce transparencies all day every day.

If this is not feasible, then after the umpteenth verbal invoice, the hit-upee can just  Sorry, I am tapped out.
It is half likely that this will be feasible.

All the things that one had read a hundred times ”things that happen to other people, not to oneself. 
Something happened to someone. 

right well i you know i'm like i said i'm i'm very much pro testing um and and this is why
I am always protesting because I need to.

Presidential historian Stephen Ambrose begins his NewsHour appearance by inveighing against evening newscasts too smutty to watch with his 12-year-old granddaughter.
His granddaughter did something to make the newscasters angry.

Rule 578 incorporated an initial regulatory flexibility analysis of the expected impact on small entities.
Rule 578 incorporated a regulatory flexibility analysis on the impact on small businesses, which is very small.

But when the tide of the battle turned and the Germans started getting their heads blown off, I wrote YES!
The Germans were getting their heads blown off by cannons.

Many echo Leonardo da Vinci's comparison to sacks of nuts. 
Picasso himself echoed the comparison of Da Vinci.

However, the large stone torii gateway is the oldest in Japan, dating back to 1294.
The torii gateway is made of granite.

And I'm asking that a shoe company's elevation of someone like Iverson become a source of stigma among socially conscious shoe buyers.
The shoe company was called Bata.

When labor gets involved in politics, this is not a detour from its real job of negotiating wages and hours.
Discussing labor in politics is good, this is not a detour from its real job of negotiating women in the workplace and DUI arrests.

The last king of the Piast dynasty, Kazimierz the Great, succeeded in reunifying Poland.
Kazimierz the Great had no sons, but three daughters.

Yes; you see she went to the mater, and, Oh, here's Evie herself. Miss Howard entered. 
Miss Howard was fond of Evie.

You can print these documents in their entirety, including charts and other graphics.
Everything in these documents can be printed, even 3D models if you have one of those shiny new printers.

To the east is Nigatsu-do (Second Month Hall), one of Todaiji's most famous subtemples, whose front portion rests on a vast network of wooden beams.
Nigatsu-do is still used today by buddhist monks.

Those are the ones who really shine.
Those are the ones that you can count on to exceed expectations.

It was just a dream.'
It was very bad, but it was only a dream.

Sports Illustrated , by far the best-written sports print magazine, is more disappointing online.
Only a few people subscribe to the online magazine.

my husband was just running out the door he's working at night tonight so i decided to do it  i haven't talked before
I wanted to do something for myself for a change.

The Musee Fabre (Boulevard Sarrail) has an outstanding art collection, including important paintings by Courbet, Delacroix, Veronese, and Zurbarin.
Most of Delacroix's early paintings can be found in the Musee Fabre.

Edo was renamed Tokyo ( Eastern Capital ), and Mitsuhito took over the Tokugawa castle as his palace.
The public welcomed the change because the name Tokyo represented a new start.

So she is.
She is definitely dead.

my husband didn't like it that much i thought it was okay it was a little strange you know this woman supposedly is um being mentally abused by her husband you know he keeps her pretty much terrorized to stay in the house and she figures out this way to um to leave him secretly you know she fakes her death kind of thing and he tracks her down
My husband didn't like it because it made him sad that any man would do that.

The database accounted for the number of information security incidents that had been reported, the types of incidents, and actions taken to resolve each incident, including disciplinary actions.
The database also automatically collects information as the users access information and logs it for further reference.

Some of the best examples are found along the Rue Saint-Georges, Rue Saint-Jean, Rue du Boeuf, and Rue Juiverie.
The place places to observe this general rule is on four particular streets or in Paris.

i guess it's close enough
We can leave it at that, it is already close to what we need it at.

In fact, there was no plane factory.
They had been wrong in thinking that there was a plane factory.

For two  1) When the writer stoops to cover his own family, you can bet he's stuck for ideas; 2) Unless one's family is terribly unusual, such efforts violate a great unspoken but true  Other Peoples' Kids Are Boring.
When the writer decides to cover his own family or his relationship, you can tell he's out of ideas.

Crossing the room to the left-hand window, a round stain, hardly visible on the dark brown carpet, seemed to interest him particularly. 
He studied the round stain on the carpet for a whole minute.

A hint of something foreign ”different ”that there has always been about you.
It's because you're a Jew, I think.

The essential difference was that science was predictive and magic was effective--though the end results were often the same.
I preferred science to magic, since I understood it.

I'd call them mad as hell--in more senses that one.
I was mad when I called but then we had a very productive chat and I felt much better. 

They stretch north south over 3 km (2 miles), allowing you the option of climbing behind some of them as well as approaching from the cave entrance.
It's possible for you to climb behind the stone statues, or approach them through the cave entrance.

Just a few years ago, pro bono work usually meant litigation.
Pro bono work is good for the community.

But Tommy caught the tremor in his voice.
The tremor in his voice made Tommy nervous when he caught it.

I've always thought so.
I have always had in inkling. 

Enclosed is our assessment of the FCC's compliance with the procedural steps required by section 801(a)(1)(B)(i) through (iv) of title 5 with respect to the rule.
The FCC must comply with the seventeen bullet points of 801(a)(1)(B)(i) through (iv) of title 5.

Other participants commented that financial statements that exist today, while they may be useful to some, are not used very much by investors.
Financial statements are out dated.

His eyelids fell but soon flashed open.
He opened his eyes and stared at the man.

I mean it so hurry up and get well." 171 Chapter 20 Too Late IN the street they held an informal council of war.
Each member of the council wore a red coat with black buttons.

In some programs, board membership terminated only with the member's death.
You only give up your membership to the financial board if you die.

uh that's terrible but
It would be better under difference circumstances.  

In that analysis FDA discusses the need for the rule, the benefits anticipated from the implementation of the rule, and a summary of the impacts of the final rule.
The rule may be unpopular among drug manufacturers but the benefits outweigh those concerns.

In 1296 the stone was captured by the English from its resting place in Scone Abbey and taken to London.
The stone was captured by the English in a battle with the Scots.

The Korbels and Simova continued to correspond after the war, and Simova met Albright briefly in Prague just after the Velvet Revolution in 1989.
The Korbels still wrote Simova letters though the war was over.

You yourself did not happen to notice, madame, when you entered Mrs. Inglethorp's room, whether that door was bolted or not?
Mrs. Inglethrop's room is always locked.

oh yeah it's funny some of their necks don't get broken
It would be funny if the necks broke.

At the nearby Musee Rolin there is a fine collection of Bur?­gun?­dian and Flemish painting and sculpture.
There are paintings by German and Italian artists in the Musee Rolin. 

Following a bloodless coup in 1974 called the  Carnation Revolution,  Salazar's successor, Dr. Marcelo Caetano, was overthrown and free elections were held.
The coup was called Carnation Revolution because it involved flowers.

Best of category is a tough one here.
This is the hardest category.

The low wages and long periods of unemployment in agriculture often compel farmworkers to return seasonally to a home base in Mexico.
Workers would rather not have to return to Mexico.

because there just aren't are not any left hardly around up in this area
There are very few left in this area, they have been over harvested.

Larry Flynt (1996), screenwriters Scott Alexander and Larry Karaszewski take marginal or plain cruddy characters and stick them in the middle of breezily wide-eyed biopics.
All biographical films tend to include boring people in the cast. 

physically present in the United States at some point.
Crossed the Canadian border without documentation.

Sensational hints of a Labour coup d'etat were freely reported.
There was not much truth to hints of a coup, it was all sensationalized. 

 Information about Donations to the Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation  Project Gutenberg-tm depends upon and cannot survive without wide spread public support and donations to carry out its mission of increasing the number of public domain and licensed works that can be freely distributed in machine readable form accessible by the widest array of equipment including outdated equipment.
Project Gutenberg-tm relies entirely on public donations and support.

Damn you, Derry... 'However,' Greuze abruptly added, 'we were eventually planning to merchandise other historical figures anyway.
Greuze was boiling red with resent.

But the New York Times observed that despite unification's difficulties, few wish to go back.
Despite the difficulties with unification, few want to go back and are content with this.

In less extreme cases, they become writers.
In less extreme situations of the holocaust survivors, each becomes a writer.

Sex, drugs, and hidden Jews!
Jews love sex and drugs.

The Roundheads had arrived.
The Roundheads made it to the station

Our whole society is harmed when access and fairness are denied, said Londen. 
Our society is hurt when peopel don't have access to free legal services.

 Peninsular Eurasians and indigenous Christian converts in Sarawak and Sabah celebrate with Good Friday processions, the most famous being organized by the Portuguese community of Melaka at St. Peter's Church.
Three separate churches organize Good Friday processions every year.

The tourists, too, are slow, stupid, ugly, and rude.
The tourists in Paris are as bad as the locals.

I am proud to say that we served the Congress and the American people well in fiscal year 2000.
We did a great job serving Congress and the public from 2000 until 2006. 

Still, I suppose the girl must have been in the habit of calling her by her full name.
The girl in question wanted to be called only by a nickname known to her friends.

The Domestic Violence Legal Assistance Program fills the gap of legal resources for domestic violence survivors who can't afford an attorney.
The Domestic Violence Legal Assistance Program gives help to poor women.

*We note that three other circuits have concluded that rational basis judicial review is available for decisions of the LSC that affect grantees.
The circumstances in which the rational basis judicial review is available, was defined by the committee. 

This division was perpetuated by centuries of feudal rule in Naples and Sicily, while the North developed more progressive forms of economy and government.
Naples and Sicily ruled the mainland for decades.

Would you mind moving ”thank you, Mr. Hastings." And she walked quietly past me out of the window, with a cool little nod of dismissal. 
They went to the window to check the weather.

Unsigned e-mail describing an agency's comments will not be printed in the issued report.
The email contained embarassing comments 

Higher federal saving-to the extent that the increased government saving is not offset by reduced private saving-would increase national saving and tend to improve the nation's current account balance, although typically not on a dollar-for-dollar basis.
When there's more saving done on a federal level, the public are more confident if they don't end up saving.

It has grown from a few thousand adventurous souls 40 years ago to more than 300,000 visitors a year, and it provides income for Nepalis in mountain villages as well as for those in urban hotels and construction jobs.
It has grown from a few thousand adventurous souls 40 years ago to more than 300,000 visitors a year due to the immense natural beauty of the area. 

Amatter that bears  how closely the language and dynamics of hype come to resemble those of arms control.
Arms control is very complicated.

i got to watch what i say here i never know when the DIA maybe uh listening on my phone  right
I can't speak freely because the DEA has a warrant to tap my phone

Out with it. 
It is important.

They are also generally permitted to travel to and from the United States without restriction under U.S. immigration laws.
Additionally, they are rarely stopped for security checks.

Under a bridge, a cauldron bubbles.
The cauldron was always beneath the bridge. 

Ask at the local syndicat d'initiative or Colmar's Maison du Vin d'Alsace for information about the vineyard tours organized from Obernai and Turckheim, among others.
Colmar's Maison du Vin d'Alsace organise vineyard tours throughout France. 

um i read an article a couple weeks ago they were talking about uh talking again about the ozone layer they said that the uh the ozone deteriorate is greater than they had originally thought over some of the major metropolitan areas that's a little bit scary to think about because that's certainly not going to improve things around there
The article was well written by its author.

rather than uh radio or television or newspapers or what have you
Reading a book is more educational than watching tv.

yeah i don't know he's getting old i think they got their money their money's worth out of him though
I think they may trade him now that he's getting old.

Presumably, this would not harm the congressional intent of attracting people to treatment because patients do not come to the emergency department with the intention of receiving substance abuse treatment.
Congressional intent is to attract people to treatment by providing education about this subject.

Also, you have no obligation to the Libertarian Party to fight on every street corner in its defense.
It is great that people want to stick up for their party. 

(And yes, we'd like one, hypocrites that we are, thank you very much.)
We are in need of supplies and clothing and realize our faults.

The rest of us can live on the edge until the first red light--when we can buckle up in obscene leisure.
It doesn't matter much when we buckle up. 

that's so how often do find yourself going um on a if you're doing it on a regular basis how often do you go
It seems like you are doing it quite often.

um-hum oh it's never a pleasant thing that's true
Yeah, it's not a pleasant thing having to go all the way to another city every day.

I missed the era of free love while in grade school and am wondering if we are now in the era of free looks.
We are now in the era of free looks.

A second answer is that the Fed can express concern , as Greenspan did.
The Fed was concerned with monetary policy.

And if we have to fill up a blue form and send it in, and then, after three months, they send us a green one, and so on well, that won't be much use, will it?" Mr. Carter laughed outright.
Mr. Carter laughed at the question about the forms.

Fourth Generation Languages.
There are fourth generation languages that people study.

Food and Drink
My favorite food and drink combination is club sandwiches and orange juice.

It's going to be hugely beneficial for our clients, said Candace Waldron, executive director of Help for Abused Women and their Children.
Waldron was surprised at the number of benefits the clients would receive.

Where he tries to lay out a policy agenda, as in his recent book The Future of American Progressivism (co-written with Roberto Mangabeira Unger), I think he oscillates between dreary, conventional ideas (public financing of campaigns, class-based rather race-based affirmative action, a consumption tax) and utterly impractical ones (a modified parliamentary system, explicit economic redistribution, mandatory voting).
He tends to go from sexual ideas to impractical ones.

The total fee would be split, with 54 percent going to counties and 46 percent going to the state for a newly created equal justice account.
The total fee would be split 54% and 46%, which is unfair because it is not equal.

White chuckled.
White thought the joke was funny.

FEDERAL MISSION PROPERTY, PLANT, AND EQUIPMENT SUMMARYf Annual Stewardship Informationg For the Fiscal Year Ended September
Federal Mission Property, Plant, and Equipment Summary includes total maintenance costs of all owned property.

I rather resented his not taking me into his confidence, the more so as I could not in the least guess what he was driving at. 
I hated that he didn't trust me to drive him.

Scenes from the James Bond film Doctor No were filmed at the Morgan's Harbour Hotel, which also celebrates the life of its namesake, pirate-turned-Lieutenant Governor Henry Morgan.
There are many films that were also recorded at the Morgan's Harbour Hotel.

we work for a computer company and uh how are we supposed to present the imagine that we're supposed to present with equipment that's outdated and when it's obsolete
Our computer may have some workable equipment that can be used by our client.

When Maynard invited me to visit with you, I plumb forgot that the Commission would be in the final throes of the R2000-1 rate case in late October.
The visit had to be postponed.

FEMA got nothing but brickbats for its slow and stumbling performance in the aftermath of 1992's Hurricane Andrew.
After Hurricane Andrew, FEMA was late in arriving to the dismay of residents.

wonderful touch tone telephone there
I wish I had a phone like that.

yeah it is it's it's a tough tough question it really is
I don't have a good answer to that question.

There is no service in the winter.
The service is free and is government subsidized.

she had that Nazi mentality
She was an avid supporter of the Nazis and their cause.

Spin  Inside the Clinton Propaganda Machine , by Howard Kurtz (The Free Press).
Howard Kurtz has also written several other books about him.

um one of it's great slogans is if you're not serving the customer you better be serving someone who is
I have a lot of retail experience.

yeah yeah that's neat
I'm not entirely impressed.

And this is how you repay me! 
And since you owe me so much, you'll be repaying me just as I told you to do, isn't that right?

Why had he not let them know that he was still working on the case? 
He had thought the case would be solved by then. 

A horse-drawn phaeton will take you on a tour, which passes through Cumhuriyet Meydane (Republic Square), the centre of modern Izmir, surrounded by glittering luxury hotels and palm-fringed promenades.
The Republic Square has always been the centre of modern Izmir. 

What a magnificent field what unlimited possibilities! 
It was a career choice open only to a few.

The Labour leaders were forced to recognize that they had been used as a cat's paw.
The Labour leaders were ashamed to have been used for the dirty work.

Thanks to the internet, where you could watch the footage of the first qualifying matches of the World Microhockey Federation, the game was gaining enormous following in an impressively short time.
The internet has footage of every Microhockey match.

Only one person can decide that."
Only one person can choose.

The last emperor to enjoy it was King George V, for whom a painted wooden ceiling was installed.
King George V was rather unimpressed by the painted wooden ceiling.

For most American companies today, success depends on selling more of your product next year than you did this year.
For most American companies success is dependent on selling more product than you did last year because of the accelerated growth of industry.

yeah well last year i had a campaign to lose about uh twenty pounds and uh i wound up swimming about three hundred and sixty miles during the year
In addition to swimming, I also modified my  diet in order to lose weight.

The main shopping street of this little-visited city is Via XX Settembre west of the Piazza De Ferrari that constitutes the city's bustling modern center, where the city's historic quarters begin.
There are more than 100 shops in Piazza De Ferrari.

Beaches and  You'll find wonderful fine sand beaches all along the Red Sea coast, the west coast of the Sinai Peninsula and its southern tip, and also along the Mediterranean coast.
The beaches are great for lounging along the coast.

implementation of these restrictions, legal services attorneys are not permitted to initiate or participate in class action lawsuits.
Legal services attorneys must refer participants in a class action suit to someone else.

But I wanted to be sure.
I was making sure he was ready for battle.

yeah what kind of what brand of car are you thinking about buying or like what things are you looking at
You need to buy a BMW man, I have one and it's great.

Jared Diamond, a Pulitzer Prize-winning physiology professor at the University of California Los Angeles, has offered an answer to what he calls one of the most disputed questions of linguistics: the origins of the Japanese language.
Jared won the Pulitzer Prize for a photo he took while on travel for work in Iran. 

You're far too young to let the past cut off the future.
What you did in the past has no bearing on how bright your future is.

These unspecified policy actions are left in place through the end of the simulation period.
The simulation period is ending in June.

Susan slept wrapped in a bundle of blankets.
To avoid freezing to death, Susan wrapped herself in blankets.

that was uh that was a lot of fun but what happens is we used to fight a lot so there's never much of a family  family thing you know one of those hell family vacations
The most recent family vacation showed that we have figured out our differences.

but um  and has learned quite a bit about it and tends to use it instead of instead of instead of the Mac so even without any propaganda and stuff he he seems to have switched
He prefers Windows even though he grew up with Mac.

Brain in shock, something telling me...wrong, this is wrong...arms too big, legs too short, heart too slow...my hands hitting glass...trapped in a tiny space, drowning in a tube...what's happening?
Brian was in shock yesterday.

Unable to afford a professional slogan, something hip and hot and happenin' (Do the kids still say happenin' with the apostrophe and all, or is there some swingin' new punctuation?)
It appears that kids no longer use this vernacular.

At 17 quai d'Anjou is the grand Hetel Lauzun, built in the 1650s by Le Vau, who worked on the riverfront faaade of the Louvre and the Versailles chateau.
Le Vau was one of the greatest architects in the city in the 1650s.

now dealing on the federal level
Now we'll talk about taxes on a federal level.

I'll do my best, sir. The car shot forward through the traffic.
The traffic was unusual as this route is rarely taken by anyone.

International film festivals are held at Venice and Taormina.
The awards given at those international film festivals are important in the film world.

that had gone in and and some of them were quite big in the sense they were community development and they were building schools and doing coops and things like that health um inoculation and and things
The community needed more buildings than just schools.  

So ... that was Don Cazar Hunt Rennie!
That was the man everyone fears, Don Cazar Hunt Rennie!

so so you know just like yours ours is always you know we're something else goes wrong always you know it's
They had similar fishing boats and were bonded by that.

His affair has no bearing on his ability to do his job ...
The affair is not changing his behavior at his job or in his personal life.

maybe i should run for office huh
I should run for state senate.

There's no reason we can't go ahead with the rest of the project ourselves.'
We can just do it on our own.

My dear Poirot, I expostulated, "I never thought it would interest you. 
I hadn't realized that Poirot even knew about that.

Despite its eight centuries in the making, it has preserved a wonderful harmony.
The instrument has been eight centuries in the making.

There's a small difference of opinion here ...
It took a long time for it to change.

The rich sculptural effects on the facade mix Eastern and Western familiar saints, Chinese dragons, and a Portuguese caravel.
At the top of the facade is the face of a dragon attached to the body of a Portuguese caravel.

Acquired for or in connection with is defined as including land acquired with the intent to construct general PP and E and land acquired in combination with general PP and E, including not only land used as the foundation, but also adjacent land considered to be the general PP and E's common grounds.
Property law contains a complex legal framework.

is it well that's good
Is it really? Well that's good for you.

We can proceed. 
We can proceed now.

The entrance to the mosque is through a door at the east wall above the temple complex.
The mosque entrance is a door that is elaborately ornamented.

Severn grew tense.
Severn was anxious and stressed.

Hong Kong's stores are usually able to arrange shipment.
Hong Kong's stores don't ship products.

they don't stand still that's for sure
They'll eventually wear out.

I had expected that answer. 
I saw that answer in a crystal ball.

The Old Cityis Jerusalem's most endlessly fascinating attraction, and it is easy to cover on foot.
The Old City is small enough to be toured entirely on foot.

He waved at my helicopter.
The person wanted the helicopter to land by him.

uh yeah i think they are they they do get uh privileges privileges like that
I think they get privileges like that because of their profession.

Ostensibly, this commitment was made last year when the United States voted with its NATO allies to use air power if one side of the Serb-Kosovar war signed the peace plan and the other refused.
The USA voted to drop bombs.

I didn't entirely agree with that assessment.
I wanted a different opinion.

'Forgive me for having a healthy ego,' I snapped.
I was unconcerned of the task in front of me, and my ego agreed.

He gathered that up, too, and tucked it back in the proper place.
He put it back on the top right shelf.

They traveled south along the undefended towns," said Gauve.
Gauve said the demons traveled south along the undefended towns.

Just east of Denia, you can visit the Cueva de Agua Dulce (Freshwater Cave) with its two lakes.
The two lakes are teaming with fish.

In his crime bill, passed in 1994, he went further than any Republican president would have dared to restrict habeas corpus, the writ by which state prisoners, including those on death row, can get their cases reviewed by federal courts.
The prisoners on death row fought the bill that restricted habeas corpus by rioting.

You there Rennie! Drew saw the involuntary spasm of Don Cazar's lips, the shadow of an expression which might mean he anticipated a distasteful scene to come.
Drew knew Don Cazar's expression well because he has known him for a long time.

Los  University of California, Center for the Study of Evaluation, 1977.
The Center for the Study of Evaluation, University of California, 1970s

The council helps homeless people get food and clothing, enter drug and alcohol treatment and employment programs and find housing.
Homelessness has declined as an overall result of the council's work.

Begun after the Duomo in 1173, it began to lean when only three of its eight stories had been completed (the Duomo is also marginally off-kilter).
It copied the Duomo by incorporating the leaning attribute.

Prevented or forestalled 112 evictions, saving shelter costs of $151,619 and the disruption that families suffer when they are displaced.
The Louisiana Housing Authority worked with local agencies to prevent over 100 evictions. 

In just the past few days' New York Times , Walter Goodman characterized Crossfire as the CNN shout show, and Maureen Dowd summarized Ferraro's duties as blathering night after night with political hacks.
Walter Goodman says Crossfire is annoying but helpful.

But if Shiloh had easily outdistanced all opposition before on those improvised tracks, he was now meeting a far more equal race.
Shiloh is competing against this horses for the first time.

To the north of the church, the Rue Bonaparte takes you to the prestigious Ecole des Beaux-Arts.
There are many sites to see along the Rue Bonaparte.

The abbey church combines a sturdy Romanesque nave with a markedly lighter and more airy Flamboyant Gothic chancel.
The church is overly decorated and eclectic. 

Asess compliance and control effectiveness.
Take a look at compliance and control standards.

Shuger withdrawals this morning.
Shuger withdrawals before noon.

The few dozen islands and rocks are widely scattered along the great curving chain of the Lesser Antilles.
More than half of the islands scattered in the Lesser Antilles is populated.

He was accused of lacking a social psychology that recognized the powerful influence of the social environment in changing the individual, as Paul Marcus and Alan Rosenberg put it in an issue of Psychoanalytic Review devoted to him; and he was celebrated for introducing just such a perspective.
Paul, Marcus and Alan are jerks.

and i couldn't believe when i walked in the door on my first day and here's the audit department of this this huge holding company sharing a HP Rugged Writer
It was my first day after getting promoted and already, I was responsible for the audit department of this huge holding sharing a HP Rugged Writer.

but  he likes the weights and the you know stationary bicycle and all that
He does an hour of weight and an our of cycling every day.

Much of this kind of behavior can be traced back to what Richard Hofstadter famously described as the paranoid style of the American Right.
Much of this behavior is typical in our society.

The man grinned.
The man grinned at the woman sitting across from him.

In the rooms of the Grands Appartements, named after the gods and goddesses whom Louis felt to be his appropriate companions, the king entertained his courtiers.
Louis was extremely power hungry and thought of himself as a god.

In 1998, about 48 percent of retirees lacked pension income or annuities, and about 53 percent of those employed lacked a pension plan.
The employed were too lazy to plan a head.

because the players the teams uh usually play in split squads and they're either playing their rookies or their uh
They don't put their stars to play in the split squads.

The Old One always comforted Ca'daan, except today.
Today the Old One was too tired to comfort Ca'daan. 

Mrs. Inglethorp greeted me with effusion. 
Mrs. Inglethorp was thrilled to meet me.

FDA has found that the final rule will not impose a mandate on either state, local, or tribal governments or the private sector in any one year of $100 million or more.
There needs to be another rule in place.

Membership imposes an obligation to maintain standards of both quality and service, and provides dissatisfied customers with an officially recognized channel for redressing complaints; the number to call is Tel. 2508 1234.
Customers have to call during normal working hours.

right so they have dropped the uh second opinion type thing but before you uh allow yourself to be admitted to the hospital you really there's a telephone number that you have to call you know and they will tell you exactly you know what they will pay for it
The telephone number will also pay for food and transport to the hospital.

But failing to be a villain doesn't make him a hero, either.
In my opinion, he can't be a hero because of that.

But one of the regents was Ieyasu Tokugawa, who had been biding his time at Edo for 12 years, nurturing dynastic ambitions of his own.
Ieyasu Tokugawa successfully founded his own dynasty.

I hope they can break up that band, run down the stud anyway.
The stud needed to be gone before the band could break up.

Accountants and regulators who have historically driven changes to the financial reporting model do not have the same set of needs as users of financial statements.
The users of financial statements need to have more power to make changes.

These are the Colossi of Memnon, statues of Pharaoh Amenophis III that once guarded the entrance to his temple, which has now completely disappeared.
The statue guards were used to scare scavengers that wanted to steal from the pharaoh's tomb.

Even so, the Czechs still revere Havel as their philosopher-king.
The Czechs follow Havel's teachings, no matter what.

Coloring books distributed to the children of farm workers in Weld County warn youngsters to run when they see crop-dusters spraying 'pesticidas.
Coloring books were given to the children of farm workers who migrated every year.

uh no i'm more out in the suburbs but i certainly work near a city
I have a long commute to the city every day.

The fact that he felt the need to say this suggests he still doesn't fully believe it.
He expressed doubt about the whole thing.

Do as I ask you. 
Do what I tell you to do, or else I'll have to punch you.

Editorialists labored to connect the two contrary outcomes.
One of the outcomes was correct and the other was wrong.

Legal Services Corporation funds local legal services programs to serve clients in every state, county, and congressional district in the United States as well as in Puerto Rico, the Virgin Islands, Guam and Micronesia.
Legal Services Corporation fund thousands of local legal services programs.

Many Israelis swear that these are the best steaks in the country.
The steaks in Israel are the very best.

oh i i'm actually right on the Plano line
I will be moving from the Plano line soon.

In each of the regions, you'll find a city such as Delhi, Mumbai, or Chennai which you can use as a starting point, and which would also be the best place for phoning home and making other practical arrangements.
Mumbai is the biggest city in all of India.

so i like Gordon Lightfoot do you know who he is  and the Moody Blues and i like to listen to piano music a whole lot and Willie Nelson
You like jazz.

The old water ferry no longer runs, but Queensferry remains the croseng point for modern-day travelers in their motorized machines.
The Queensferry is the fastest way to get across the water.  

The internal controls that were considered adequate for external financial reporting were not always sufficient for performance management.
The Internal controls were good enough for the external financial reporting but nothing more.

Julius's pent-up rage burst forth.
Julius snapped in anger.

What foot-marks are we likely to find? 
What do foot marks look like? 

To assure each component of the system operates with the highest quality and is integrated, the Coalition, with technical assistance support from LSC, is developing a statewide peer review system.
The Coalition is developing a new peer review system because many people complained about the old one.

I cut him off.
As he tried to get in a sentence to defend himself, even though he knew he was in the wrong, I decided to cut him off.

Having attended two Big Name schools, I know that we can't take anybody's work for granted.
Having been to Harvard and Stamford, I know we can't take advantage of anybody's work.

Two years ago, Zelon received the Laurie D. Zelon Pro Bono Award, which had been named for her one year earlier by the Law Firm Pro Bono Project, which she'd helped found.
Zelon got the Pro Bono award, for which she helped to create and also shares her name. 

so we got our fill we went home at Christmas
It was a good visit.

I took that liberty.
It's exactly what I was looking for, so I took it.

As a result of the minimal mechanical interface between the sorbent injection system and the boiler, retrofit of an ACI system will typically require a fairly short outage - one week or less.
Retrofit of an ACI system is really annoying for everyone involved. 

It's her handwriting all right, but I knew it wasn't from her because of the signature.
It is certain that the letter was entirely forged.

that was real good to talk about that have you seen like uh Silence Of The Lambs
If you've seen Silence of the Lambs then we can have a good chat about it

Although many single-visit alcohol interventions in medical settings have been effective,32 the context of the emergency setting does increase the importance of considering follow through after the initial contact.
40% of people in interventions will stop abusing the substance.

The old reasons to head for the hills still make a trip to Simla more than valid, even if the old viceregal glamour has gone.
People still go to Simla for the same reasons they did hundreds of years ago.

They used various techniques to do this, and several mentioned their efforts to identify, evaluate, and implement new, more effective tools as they become available.
They used different techniques as tools became automated and they could afford nicer ones.

yeah Central Standard Time's what they're doing it by
Because of the time difference, they'll be finished one hour later.

John, I knew, was very fond of her, and would be sorry to let her go. 
I was less sure about how John's wife felt. 

The countryside, villages, and towns of Flanders, Picardy, Alsace, and Lorraine bear the scars of many wars.
Most of the towns lost half their buildings in the war.

and the southern part of Italy everything is like that you know and no one has any money you know you just barely get by But everybody is like a big family and it's like it's just like that so that's why i liked it i guess i'm a little biased but i i i i i thought
I went to Southern Italy once.

In 1881, King David Kalakaua launched a world tour, visiting the heads of state in Japan, Thailand, Egypt, and England.
There are many places that King David ruled over including China.

At the bottom end of the market, try refrigerator magnets in the shape of Ionian or Corinthian columns!
The bottom end of the market also has pastry.

Certainly it was bolted, replied Mary Cavendish, rather surprised. 
Mary Cavendish was assuming something else.

Upstairs, the Salone dei Cinquecento was built in 1495 for the short-lived Florentine Republic before serving as Duke Cosimo's throne room and, three centuries later, the chamber of Italy's first national parliament.
The second Italian parliament did not return to the Salone dei Cinquecento.

If you want to take home memories as well as souvenirs try the souqs (traditional covered markets), where bargaining is the name of the game.
Merchants participate in conversations with customers interested in their souvenirs.

Because we only have two attorneys per night right now, we can only see about 15 people each night, he said. 
Last year we had seven attorneys available every night.

Experiencing it involves sensory aphasia; an enforced departure of mind from body.
The feeling of departure from mind and body is a scary experience.

really and true how how how how do you figure
I am curious how you processed that.

There had to be some distortion in there somewhere.
The audio was distorted.

They're demon-touched, said Thorn.
Thorn thought they were dangerous.

Other analysts point out, however, that if the economy is operating below the optimal saving rate, saving can rise without overly depressing market rates of return and, therefore, provide significant improvement to future incomes.
Increased savings always depress market rates of return.

okay uh what type of uh utilizations do you make of it word processing obviously
Do you make papers with word processing tools?

Guangzhou, like Hong Kong, is primarily Cantonese-speaking, but many people also speak Mandarin.
Hong Kong has more Cantonese speakers than Guangzhou does.

For this reason, the organizations considered promoting awareness as an essential element of the risk management cycle.
The organizations were also promoting healthy well-being.

We believe that insights into the burden of the USO can be gained by comparing postal systems.
There are multiple ways to gain insights into the burden of the USO. 

In the Washington Post version of the TP--given here--a second-person version of this sentence does not appear in the first section of the document.
Other newspapers did have the second-person version in their articles.

The Pershing Square Landmark Tour is highly in addition to providing a wealth of historical information, it includes access to the stunning interiors of such edifices as the Guarantee Trust and Edison buildings, with their marble pillars and flooring, Hugo Ballin murals, and Art-Deco styling.
The Pershing Square Landmark Tour is a great option if you like historical tours.

For that to happen, the top leadership in each agency has to initiate results-oriented management, keep the agency focused on it, and embed its principles in the organization's basic approach to doing business.
The approach to doing business has been extremely successful in the past.

I say, miss, she's a-going!
She's running!

(This transaction differs from the immediately preceding transaction, in which an entity does not pay the full cost of the goods or services it receives from another entity.
This transaction is much cheaper in the long term.

yeah well this this one was definitely outdoor cat because i saw him all the time and i suspect somebody had just had him and moved off
Everyone in the neighborhood chips in to help feed this cat.

yeah that's you need to do that i'll i'll i'll give you a hint i don't know if you're a talk a radio talk uh person listener do you listen to radio talk shows
I listen to radio talk shows every time I have the chance to.

Pundits oohed and aahed over the quarrel.
The quarrel was over a new bill.

Do you suggest that I should do that to a similarly garbed female?
Do you think I should do that to a similarly garbed female or a different one?

the logical thing would have been had to go had it go to the the employee number so that's the one you're going to do the next action on the change you know and there's a lot of little things like that in there but it it could probably be corrected easily i don't know if anybody's griped about it or not
I'm not sure if anybody is annoyed about the lack of correction or the lack of effort

it's important that they go to college when they get out of high school
Education is crucial nowadays, and I want them to be prepared.

Then he strolled gently in the opposite direction.
He was whistling as he gently strolled in the opposite direction.

Whatever method is used, the flow of relevant, reliable, and timely information regarding performance should lead to improved performance, particularly if an atmosphere of healthy competition is introduced into the process.
Whatever method is used, the flow of information about performance from customers to executives should lead to improved performance.

Luck, and all that sort of thing.
Luck is the most important part!

She is the finest British writer alive, says the Los Angeles Times ' Richard Eder.
Richard Eder writes for the LA Times entertainment section.

Candles everywhere, pools of orange flickering around my shadow.
Candles made the area look romantic.

Following the CEOas lead, members of the senior executive team learn to value the advice of the CIO in setting business directions and developing strategies for improving organizational capabilities and competitiveness.
Most of the CIOs ideas are bad and will harm the company.

The latter is a highly spiritual art in which, unlike judo, the opponents do not grapple at the beginning of the bout.
Martial artists tend to prefer judo because its more practical.

Initially, as a conservative starting point, suppose the postal service is at breakeven with no discounts and no presort volume.
The postal service is at breakeven.

He's going out of the gate. 
Stealthily, he's sliding through the gate.

The heart of Kashmir's capital is built along the banks of the serpentine Jhelum river on the southern shore of the lakes.
Kashmir's capital is more than 2000 years old and started out as a small settlement on the river.

This popular romantic floating restaurant serves French, Mediterranean, and Far-Eastern food in a relaxed South Seas atmosphere.
The restaurant is floating on the South Seas.

Almost double nominal increase in aggregate household telephones services expenditures from 1986 to 1994.
In this time period many households were having second telephone lines installed at home.

The difference between the employer entity's cost and its contributions, if any, is imputed to the employer entity as part of its recognized cost.
Most of the times, the employer entity's cost is the same as its contributions.

The teams are assisted by 60 kids who snitch on their peers.
The teams would not be able to win otherwise.

2 shows the length of time that problems have remained open in order to demonstrate how quickly software problems are resolved once found.
2 referes to a column in Excel.

There are hundreds of men called Brown there are hundreds of men looking just like me… .
There are many males called Brown that appear very similar to me, and I get mistaken for one of them all the time.

He set up a national e-mail tree designed to get people to send their friends in Iowa to Ames as Forbes supporters.
Getting people to send their friends in Iowa to Ames as Forbes supporters, has been his goal for a very long time.

Five avenues radiate from the inside of the gate.
The five avenues inside the gate are equally spaced for a pleasing geometric look.

yeah okay i i've seen the signs but i've never actually seen the place itself you know it's pretty set far back off the road
I saw the brown sign for the place.

Organized bus tours start at the Tuileries Gardens, on the Rue de Rivoli side.
The area of Tuileries Gardens is crowded with tourists.

yeah an eighteen foot Terry uh it's completely self-contained i mean i have everything a shower a TV everything in it you know but
My eighteen foot trailer has a rain shower head in it.

Try not to visit both sites on the same day.
If the sites get visited on the same day, you die of dehydration.

West Jerusalem, separated from the rest of the new Jewish nation, held out under siege for several months until Israeli forces secured a land corridor connecting the city to the coastal areas.
There are many Jews residing in Palestine.

He's been accused of , among other things.
He's been accused of murder, among other things.

I took the girl and fled.
The girl and I ran into the woods.

you know i i've in hindsight seen some things that i wished that you know i had done something about that was you know within my power or uh you know wish that in some ways we as parents had more control over
I regret not doing more in the past.

really until there are about six more in the cage
It will be crowded if there are six more.  

I had an idea.
I have a brilliant imagination.

The analyses use both quantifiable and general descriptions of the effects of the rule on small entities as required by section 607 and numerous small entities participated in the rulemaking as required by section 609 by submitting comments on the proposed rule and by attending an open public meeting in August 1995 and the September 1995 meeting of the Good Manufacturing Practice Advisory Committee.
The analyses, if you ask most experts, is completely correct.

The Beaches and the Sea
The ocean, sand, and palm trees.

It's the same as regular five-card stud, with the machine acting as dealer.
The game is the same, however the dealing is always done by a machine.

Democracy  widespread police killings and beatings
It is democratic for the police to kill others.

it doesn't bother me i don't feel like it's really a violation of privacy or anything
I am more than willing to do it several times.

right right it was the network
The network made them change to a better time for ratings.

He is the keeper of the Beatles' flame, says the New York Times ' Bob Spitz, and has handled megastardom with level-headedness and acumen.
He is a very popular singer

 That young man could offer little information, however.
The young man had little information to offer, but much he kept secret.

No! The dude is really wack.
The man standing over there is really wack.

You don't know anything about me, do you? she asked. 
You don't know anything about me or my family from Florida.

Let's sort of bury them somewhere or throw them in the creek."
We don't want to get caught with them, so we should bury them.

Loral says the review was meant to reassure the insurance companies that indemnify their launches on Chinese rockets.
Loral implied that Chinese rockets were safe.

well uh what about the lighting did it make a big difference
You improved the lighting and I was wondering if it made a big difference.

And a full-page ad in the Sunday NYT introduced a truly frightening  The Ralph Lauren Barbie doll.
The page may have been disliked by some people.

The Aosta Valley's Courmayeur is as pleasant a base for hiking and more strenuous mountain-climbing in summer as it is for skiing in winter.
The hiking here has a beautiful view. 

But it wasn't always so.
The small town had not always been like this.

you know  and then when we if we need it we wait till it it's expired and then so
We need it often.

the first time yeah that's probably one of the problems and frustrations that it's brought about because people do feel like oh well we can just change it if you need to
People feel that they can just change it anytime.

Workers, sweating out the day.
The temperature was over 100 degrees and the workers sweated.

yeah that's that's a bad situation i think that probably i think most companies now as far as entry you know exams require that i think they should
It would be wise for people to be tested before starting work.

Participants also discussed the appropriateness of the chief executive officer (CEO) serving as chairman of the board of directors, which could present potential conflicts resulting from a single individual functioning in these dual roles.
These conflicts between roles have led to some CEOs being fired.

you're not as attentive um uh that's uh that's different i've never heard of that how about the um the the smoking premium out in Texas i understand they they started doing that
I know they started the smoking premium in Texas this year.

oh yeah uh-huh yeah i do i've done those too before yeah
I've done those because I needed the money.

Getting the president re-elected is only one of the many, many accomplishments claimed by Morris, who plays both Boswell and Johnson in his memoirs.
Getting the president elected for a third term is one of many accomplishments Morris claims in his memoirs, where he plays both Boswell and Johnson

Perhaps it never left it, suggested the lawyer gently.
The lawyer's suggestion that perhaps it never left it was clearly the correct scenario.

Here, hold this for me until we meet tonight.
Here, hold on to this and don't lose it.

sporting and other events, teams and entries in the brand name of tobacco products; and requires manufacturers to provide intended use information on all cigarette and smokeless tobacco product labels and in cigarette advertising.
Manufacturers have to explain intended use and dangers on all cigarette packaging.

Spotted deer, sloth bear, giant flying squirrels, and civet cats are among the other mammals the visitor may see.
You may feed the giant flying circles in the town square.

Microgovernment does not seem to cost anything--no new budget lines, no new bureaucracies--but of course it does.
The cost of microgovernment is seen in the hours that people put in.

Other IOC members have resigned or are still being investigated.
The members of the IOC have committed crimes. 

i just like playing with my computer and doing stuff on that uh cooking that's not really a hobby it's a necessity but but i enjoy it i like to think that i'm a very good cook
I spent several years working as a chef in a restaurant.

(The marble originals now grace the Cour Marly of the Louvre.)
Fearing smog, humans and the weather would destroy them, the originals were moved to the Louvre.

That's it, said Tuppence.
Tuppence said, "That is it and that is all we can do."

The museum is a little dated, confusing, and often crowded the best time to visit is at lunchtime when most large groups are having lunch but with over 120,000 pieces on display, all between 5,000 and 1,400 years old, it is a must-see attraction during your visit.
The museum is famous but also very expensive.

Tommy held the precious packet tenderly between his hands.
Tommy held onto the gift softly.

Those dueling Greek painters return in a new guise, as Mario Merz, in the Zeuxis role, covers a glass table with an array of fresh vegetables and fruit, changed daily by a New York caterer ( Spiral Table , 1982), while Christo, playing Parrhasios, conceals the familiar Cezannesque shapes--wine bottle, vase, etc.--under a drapery of canvas ( Package on a Table , 1961).
The two painters liked each other.

Combating  Selected Challenges and Related Recommendations (GAO-01-822,September 20, 2001).
How to Defeat Challenges in an Effective Way Plus Added Recommendations

you know sent in the forms etcetera and uh so forth
Four forms were sent.

This led to a major redesign of the common missile warning system's sensor.
The redesign of the common missile warning system's sensor was complicated.

Winners still become local celebrities and their reputation reaches to the very corners of the Lakes.
Winners are local celebrities and everyone in the Midwest has heard of them after a while.

He won't pay for the location of the others, said the bearded man in a thick slurred accent.
The bearded man had an Indian accent.

Had he attempted to take the brill back with him, he would be caught in the torrent for sure.
It was much stronger than he had thought it would be.

If the Postal Service were about 13 percent inefficient, there would be zero net scale benefit.
When the postal service is around 20 percent inefficient they will shut down entirely. 

But that doesn't mean that we shouldn't try to address them in a proactive and straight-on manner.
Playing catch up never lets us completely address this.

if if if if and you need to be very careful if the loan is set up to have bimonthly they call it a yuppie loan if it's set up for bimonthly payments if you because you'll sa ve seventeen fifteen to seventeen years off the end of the loan seven i'm sorry seven to nine years off the end of the loan
You have to be cautious of the kind of loan payments you are signing up for.

Not to agree to an unsettling and impossible trade, but to judge their real purposes.
The purpose might be different to what is expected.

Neutral is generally understood to mean sell, outperform to mean your call, and accumulate to mean you might want to buy it if you have extra money lying around.
These terms are related to stocks.

same contractor for the design and construction phases, thus allowing
The contractor can use much of the same equipment for the entire project.

Initially, the two groups were kept apart and unaware of each other.
The two groups consisted of three people in each group.

A set of stairs connects her room to that occupied by her husband.
The rooms have seven stairs to connect them.

Greuze put his arm around me, pulling me out of my seat.
It startled me when Greuze pulled me out of my seat.

uh-huh so you find yourself you find yourself in the rough a lot
I am sure things will get better for you soon.

At the same time, the new government instituted sweeping, enlightened programs to eradicate illiteracy and provide free universal schooling and health care.
There were programs to help eradicate literacy and provide free education and health care to better the people's lives.

yeah i've i i graduated back in seventy nine so but but i really i i loved i mean i was
I graduated from high school in 1979.

The city has a long-standing international reputation for research and development, which began in 1681 with the founding of the Royal College of Physicians.
The Royal College of Physicians is still one of the premiere medical schools in the world.

The White House mantra for the past week has been that Milosevic faces a stark choice: Sign the peace plan or NATO will bomb you.
Milosevic has been very stubborn in the past.

We are not of this place, are we, old man.
The old man told them they were not of this place.

yeah so it's got to be the most controversial thing if you could pick on the list
It is the most controversial methods among the available ones.

But he has taken on another full-time venture - turning into reality a vision he and his cousin had on that summer day.
Every vision can be turned to reality with hard work only.

 "What about Anse?
"What about Anse and Greg?"

These firms, however, may not use the mail boxes.
These firms must purchase the right to use the boxes.

hey sweetie or something
Some out of place remark of something.

So you see you had better go to bed." Suddenly Tuppence felt afraid.
Tuppence was being encouraged to go to sleep at gunpoint. 

In Michael Lewis' Losers, about Silicon Valley's culture of forgiving failures, he makes reference to a friend of 
Michael Lewis's book mentions many celebrities.

i i would be impressed i mean you know
I'm somewhat impress but not very much.

The Enquirer also helpfully contacted Earl Goss, the father of Michael's current live-in lover, Kenny Goss.
The Enquirer contacted Earl about the missile that was approaching his house.

Sixty-four additional statuettes carved into the structure represent characters from Scott's books.
The additional statuettes can be found at the library's entrance hall.

The so-called Untouchables have greater opportunities now to rise on the social scale, a few of them becoming captains of industry or cabinet ministers, but it's still their brethren who sweep the streets.
Untouchables have large salaries and secure jobs as well as large opportunities to rise socially.

His nickname is the Butcher, and he carried out many of the brutal massacres ordered by Pol Pot.
The Butcher earned his nickname due to the way he killed his targets.

We do not know.
We don't know about somethings.

Collectively, internal controls are an integral component of an organization's management that provides reasonable assurance that the organization achieves its objectives of
The internal controls are small goals the organization must try to attain.

Today you will find elegant boutiques around the square, as well as the famous Cafe de la Paix, and the boulevards are where you will find some of the most popular cinemas.
There are 10 cinemas in total.

 "I'm going to need some place to experiment with this," he suggested.
He wanted to learn more about it.

that sounds interesting well go watch some movies and if we get this topic again maybe
I'm interested in the movies.

In addition, the boilermaker's shipbuilding division has about 30,000 members45 who, depending upon industry conditions, could move over to the construction division quickly.
Boilermakers are generally trained to do both construction and shipbuilding because there's little difference in the jobs.

'All right.
It wont be perfect, and things are going to be rough, but it'll be okay soon.

uh-huh right right i do too even the credit card things and like we have a Visa and we've got we get ten applications probably a month
I just throw them in the trash.

You wanted a computer--and you've got it.
You wanted that computer, you now you have finally got it.

Ca'daan looked nervously at a body laying face up on one side of the path.
He recognized the person.

no so i had uh right
I found it earlier.

'Uh...Natalia, this isn't the best time for-'
There isn't a good time to lie about your age. 

to be tested right
To be tested on math skills.

Sherry. Drew automatically answered without thought.
Drew loved to drink sherry more than any other drink.

What's  Versace Ken?
Ken owned a lot of pieces by Versace.

In that sense, News Corp. or Disney--which owns the Angels--could hardly be more venal or short-term in focus than the current crop of owners.
Current owners don't have long-term goals.

A worldclass finance organization can best be defined in terms of the business outcomes it producesoutcomes such as improved business analysis, innovative solutions to business problems, reduced operating costs, increased capability to perform adhoc analysis, and improved overall business performance.
The outcomes it produces are beneficial for the businesses.

If you're lucky, nobody else will be there to enjoy the waterfall, the rocks and ferns, and the picnic site.
The best time to visit the waterfall is late at night.

Moreover, these visits are not consistently attended by the patient or delivered by the same physician who saw the patient in the initial visit to the emergency setting.
The visits aren't attended by the patient because they are a waste of time.

okay well is your does your city have mandatory recycling uh recycling
Our city mandates recycling.

In Tokyo on 2 January, the inner grounds of the Imperial Palace are opened to the public, with thousands coming to pay their respects to the emperor and enjoy a closer peek at his palace than is possible during the rest of the year.
The emperor keeps the palace shut the rest of the year because he doesn't like company.

For perilous seconds he felt flesh and muscles tense under his weight; then the body relaxed.
He was in a stressful situation at that moment.

it was about uh a French Foreign Legion fellow
The French Foreign Legion fellow was interesting.

yeah it's still i mean you know two thousand dollars isn't just just pocket change to a lot of people
I'm not sure i can afford it if it cost two thousand dollars.

Approximately 13 kilometers (8 miles) west of the city is Queensferry, a town that developed as a croseng point of the Firth of Forth for routes to the north of Scotland.
Many routes to the north of Scotland converge on Queensferry.

um pretty much and i and i don't know how they sort that but if if i used a lot of can goods and i do use a lot of laundry detergent and a lot of plastic bottles i would think that i would i would have a recycling center but now it's just me and my husband so i don't know
Cans and plastic bottles can only be recycled at a recycling center.

What this indicates is that erections--satisfying erections--don't reside solely in the groin.
What this means is that erections aren't just in the crotch but in the mind as well.

In the 1930s Walter Knott began growing a new strain of berry, the boysenberry, and it soon became a booming enterprise.
Walter Knott created the boysenberry to make the perfect jelly.

Duck through a low passage between two shops across the street to find the Til Mahadev Narayan Temple.
Duck through a low passage between two shops across the street to find the Til Mahadev Narayan Temple which is in a state of total disrepair. 

The inspector reported that the chair itself, the wooden part, needed replacement.
The inspector said the chair was dangerous.

Evidence that France is far from being a country of hidebound highbrows is the fact that the Marne Valley, east of Paris, was selected for Europe's first Disneyland.
Germany and Britain were passed over in the selection for Europe's first Disneyland.

The horse chestnuts, beeches, and plane trees, the orangery, and ornamental pond were a major inspiration for the bucolic paintings of Watteau.
The pond has lily pads and a bridge.

Miss Howard will have engineered her quarrel, and departed from the house. 
Miss Howard would have pretended to argue, then left for the hotel.

This restaurant provides a good menu of Middle Eastern meat dishes, specialising in lamb.
The lamb this restaurant serves is very good.

Stojko's  He lacks artistry because he's afraid of seeming effeminate.
He lacks artistry because he is worried he will look gay.

Section 605(b) provides that if the head of an agency makes a certification under that section, the agency shall publish such certification in the Federal Register along with a succinct statement explaining the reasons for such certification.
The certification needs to be justifiable for us.

uh that we projected that it that it actually cost companies by having people uh uh be involved with drugs
Companies need to do regular drug tests for their employees.

Still, there are some reasons to prefer the 19 th century's embrace of partisanship to today's exaltation of the conscience-serving, hyper-responsible individual--or what I once heard called the David Broder/League of Women Voters school of politics.
19th century partisanship is far superior to today's political environment.

Wilkins knocked Denby up to tell him. 
Denny was surprised. 

According to program officials, there was little emphasis during development or initial production on using statistical control on critical manufacturing processes.
Because of this lack of emphasis on statistical control, there could be more errors early on in the manufacturing process. 

Jon ordered everyone to avoid any risk of injury.
Jon didn't want anyone to get harmed by the alligators. 

I'd say Oro has him some real competition at last.
Oro has some real competition in this country, I'll make sure to train him harder than ever,

Still others come out of no particular religious impulse, on holiday, making the ascent mainly to be able to say they've done it and leaving almost in spite of themselves with a profound sense of spiritual uplift.
Lots of people just climb it to prove how fit they are.

so they're they're getting old enough to where they can help out with a campfire and cooking and and all that kind of stuff too
I'm delighted that I don't have to do the cooking by myself anymoer.

The jury found Moore guilty of violating the Unlawful Detainer Assistance Act and of practicing law without a license and acting with fraud, malice, or oppression.
Moore was guilty as charged.

yeah because well the see the jury is dealing with the seriousness of the crime the jury gets to see the whole trial as does the judge but you know if if they figure there's
The judge instructs the jury on the seriousness of the crime.  

Prior to the welfare reform legislation, some federal resources were available for civil legal aid --- that and the vast amount of pro bono work by private attorneys.
Civil legal aid was available to millions of people.

The need for volunteers is most severe outside the five-county Atlanta metropolitan area, where 70 percent of the state's poor people are served by only 24 percent of the state's lawyers.
The volunteer work is not glamorous but offers a lot of opportunity for networking.

From the stage, there came the sound of a second encore.
The people wanted more, they just couldn't get enough of this band, and as they started playing, the stage was filled with the sound of a second encore to satisfy the mindless consumers of this music.

okay what kind of books do you like to read for enjoyment
Do you like to read?

CT-121 Chiyoda Thoroughbred 121 Flue Gas Desulfurization Process, //www.chiyodacorp.com/select business, environmental preservation, Chiyoda Thoroughbred 121 (CT-121) FGD process
CT-121 is a scientific discovery about chiyoda thoroughbred.

Food riots broke out in Lombardy, revolts in Tuscany, and southern peasants demanded a share of common land.
The lack of food in Lombardy and Tuscany caused a famine that angered the populace.

But if she's willing to sacrifice more of her time, she'll sacrifice more of her money.
She'll give her time and money to the campaign.

We want to make sure the Presidents' images are all exclusively ours.
If we are not careful, others may claim rights to the Presidents' images.

In addition, because of existence of corrosive zones, preference is often given to the use of large-sized sheets that minimize welding.
Large sheet metal is easier to work with and cheaper 

that cause problems but uh
They are the ones that cause problems. 

I've always felt it was private.
I was surprised to find out that more people knew about it.

Meanwhile, Japan--the world's second-largest economy and a country that by normal criteria ought to have no trouble increasing demand--finds itself stuck in exactly the trap Burnham  no longer able to find uses for the available investment funds, which waste in idleness in the account books of the banks.
In reality, Japan struggles to maintain its economy. 

From the lower terminal of the Peak Tram it's only a short walk to the former governor's residence, Government House, now a museum.
The current governor's residence is close to the Peak Tram terminal.  

At 1,818 m (5,900 ft), Pico do Arieiro is the second-highest peak on Madeira, but the highest point reachable by car.
The highest peak on the island is blocked by car because of the rock formations.

The size of a small village, the site now houses mosques, museums, cafe, and is a place where tourists and local people gather away from the noise and dust of the city.
The size of a small village, the site now houses mosques, museums, cafe, and is a place where tourists and local people gather away from the hustle and bustle of the city.

One example is fairness or assurance that a study has presented a balanced view of the many constructions of reality and the values underlying these.
Studies should show a balanced, and truthful view without any meddling. 

and used to travel up there to Knox quite a bit and and i even did once when i was a child you know so
I used to go to Knox when I was 5 years old.

Many holiday visitors lose their way, some of them on the eerie Jukai is a perennial favorite with would-be suicides, and every year the local authorities conduct a sweep of the forest to recover the bodies that would otherwise never be discovered.
The visitors can get lost easily.

It was Chambers' peculiar fate, and choice, to live a life that was inseparable from another's.
Chambers' solemn destiny was to live life joined at the hip with his mother. 

Supper is at half-past seven. 
We will have our supper outside, at half-past seven.

High quality and cheap, Chilean wines are now the third-most popular imports, behind only French and Italian vintages.
Chilean wines are being sold for a fraction of the price of French and Italian vintages.

In the dining room hangs a portrait by Titian of the Emperor Carlos V and a painting of the princess Clara Eugenia by Claudio Coello.
There are a dozen paintings hanging in the dining room.

How characteristically American, wrote Lionel Trilling of Sexual
Lionel Trilling wrote that it was typical for Americans to get married around the age of 20. 

'These are modern times.
This wasn't the colonial age, the Victorian age, this wasn't the past... this was the future to him, the modern era to us.

so there are two
There are two people fighting.

on going to the cinema, you would be seeing American films sold for foreign consumption, Molotov argued.
American films are sold for foreign consumption because American culture is popular in other countries. 

With her lank hair, hooded eyes, and air of sleepy sensuality, Sevigny--maybe even more than Swank--embodies the mystery of sex that's at the core of Boys Don't Cry . Everything she does is deliberate, ironic, slightly unreadable--and unyielding.
With her sexual features Sevigny embodies the sexual mystery which is present most explicitly in the begining of Boys Don't Cry.

yeah yeah they've got they've now they've got some good videos
They used to be not so creative back in the day.

  A piece describes the horrific trade in Mexican boxers.
One piece describes the horrific trade done in Mexican boxers by the cartel.

FDA considers the two rules complementary and cannot separately quantify the benefits of the two programs and since both rules work collectively to reduce youth access to tobacco products, the costs attributable to the SAMHSA program are included in the analysis.
The rules are in place to protect the youth from harmful substances.

but if you were just talking about something which was more or less universal that uh buses and any kind of vehicle had to pay a pollution tax
If we were talking about airplanes and trains and buses and cars and all types of vehicle.

yeah yeah and they're all going to have to pay it back they're going to be in debt for the rest of their lives
It is impossible to get ahead.

They replaced the old small castles on high ground protected only by wooden stockades with large central fortresses out of range behind broad moats, surrounded by solid stone ramparts and earthworks strong enough to resist cannon fire.
They replaced all of the old castles one by one with a newer model that was standard of Western castles.

The Scottish arts were in the ascendant, with novelist Sir Walter Scott creating such works as Rob Roy and Ivanhoe and poet Robert Burns composing his epic poetry.
Robert Burns was famous for his poetry in his day.

The  wakeboarding, actor Vince Vaughn, the state of New Mexico (Roswell, Georgia O'Keeffe), roller coasters.
These elements are being combined in a movie.

Now economists are pointing out the unfairness of subsidizing the reduction in the number of doctors while refusing to do the same for other professions, such as economists.
Economists know what they are doing, they are playing for their own gain.

Mann Theaters in Westwood Village operates nine state-of-the-art screens showing first-run films.
Mann Theaters are also located in Santa Monica.

There are clearly advantages and disadvantages to all of the decisions about placing agencies or programs with multiple missions in DHS and Congress must carefully weigh numerous important factors related to performance and accountability in crafting the legislation.
Congress maintains primary 'say' in security matters.

Last week we purged our delivery lists of people who hadn't subscribed.
Only subscribers should be on the delivery lists.

they kill a lot
They are the worst murders in the world.

In recent years, many of those hotels have been urgently updating their design and services, as even more hotels are being built in the zona turista.
Many of the hotels have been updating their design and services to include spas.

Casa de la Trova (Jose Marta, 149) and Casa de la Cultura (Maceo, 122).
Casa de la Trova is in Cuba and belongs to Jose Marta.

The Federal Government holds approximately 650 million acres of land.
Federal land holdings increase a slight amount every year.

Counselors were wholly subservient.
Counselors were mostly subservient. 

uh he had only given up two hits and uh two walks and nine strike outs so he's he's back in the groove and a a guy his age this this afternoon here it's about seventy nine degrees
He had only give up a couple of hits, so he was off to a great start.

Evacuation was unthinkable since an election was coming up.
Many died because they were forced to stay, it was a disaster.

huh well maybe some day you'll own your parents' homes
Maybe your parents will die and leave their house to you in their will. 

The President's Energy Plan will improve eco-systems and water bodies by reducing NOx emissions.
Eco-systems will be improved by the President's Energy Plan, said the article.

The Voting Rights Act, passed in 1965 to end discrimination against blacks, prohibits several (mostly Southern) states and counties from making any change in voting procedures without federal approval.
The Voting Rights Act was passed in June 1965.

but uh trying to relate that to me and i think because i had a strong Christian background personally it affected me differently than it affected my sisters and i see myself uh with some of those qualities but with not quite as much anger
The movie left a different impression on me because of my Christian background.

If his presidency dies, her quasi-co-presidency dies with it.
She is a lot more popular than he is.

Once an organization has identified its risks related to improper payments and undertaken activities to reduce such risks by upgrading its control activities, monitoring performance allows the organization to gauge how well its efforts are working.
They need to get a computer program to target improper payments.

The Satheri, at least, saved my life--" He stopped in confusion.
He stopped speaking, wondering who had been lying to him.

You don't think they're too close, do you? It would be bad to burn any of them with the rocket blast at this stage of the game."
After all we've gone through, it would be dumb for them to get burned.

This will require a more stable budgetary and personnel environment than has been the case historically.
Legislation is in the works to ensure a more stable budgetary and personnel environment.

I went out to France again, as you know.
I went to France twice last year.

But what seems clear is that the desire to get a higher stock market valuation, combined with a history of refusing to defend itself honestly, pushed the tobacco industry to the negotiating table.
The tobacco industry managed to get a higher stock market evaluation.

read my lips and what happened they turned around and double crossed us
We can't trust them. 

In the early tenth century Viking raiding parties from Scandinavia began skirmishing with the Celtic tribes along the coast.
In Scandinavia, a skirmish took place costing thousands of lives.

Construction of the offices obliterated much of the archaeological dig which had unearthed the original layout of the ninth-century quay, but the Viking artifacts that were found are on view in the National Museum  and in the Viking Adventure exhibit.
The Viking Adventure exhibit displays Thor's hammer.

Hunt Rennie did turn now.
Hunt Rennie turned quickly. 

2) Clinton's job rating fell from 60 to 55 points in a Washington Post poll, apparently because pollees disapproved of his use of the White House for fund raising.
According to a poll ran by the Washington Post, Bill Clinton's job rating was now at 55 points. 

For the multiple installation of three absorber modules at one plant (six boiler units), an additional four months may be needed to schedule the outage for the FGD hookup outside of the high electricity demand months.
Absorber modules result in noticeably lower carbon emissions.

He put both hands to his middle where more than one of the pile-driver knocks had landed, and tried to understand what was happening.
How could he have lost this severely? It was impossible.

Mr. Brown   The voice stopped.
Mr. Brown is the voices teacher.

The most enduring legacy of the state planning initiative-at least in terms of its first four years-has probably has been its success in fostering cooperation among stakeholders.
The state planning initiative wasn't actually designed specifically for fostering cooperation among stakeholders.

But he cannot know.
He might know, but I'm not sure.

Walk towards it, then turn left through an arched gate into the mosque precinct, and follow the crowds into the bustling Grand Bazaar.
The Grand Bazaar is the largest marketplace in the world.  

However, this trade-off between today's consumption and tomorrow's consumption is somewhat different for an individual than for the nation.
Individuals will most likely not want to lessen their consumption.

I understand, I said, "but ”but don't do anything rash."
I understood and told them to also be patient.

But to enjoy more of the countryside, you can stay overnight and continue down the Izu Peninsula the next day.
There is only one hotel on the Izu Peninsula.

This is a big country, and surely we can find men and women in it who are as capable of being president as Mr. Clinton is and who are also able to commit themselves to good behavior.
Having good behavior is a requirement to becoming president.

and uh and boy i'll tell you you've really got to have a conscientious tenant and it's hard for him to be conscientious when he's thinking of paying a hundred dollar water bill uh every uh uh i you know every month when you get into the June July and August time period
Some tenants try to get out of paying rent or bills.

That's about as close to analysis as the picture gets.
The picture did not want to waste hardly any time analyzing anything.

For example, data collection and analyses in case studies are iterative and concurrent-that is, are yoked.
The scientific world does not want the public to know that the data collection and analyses of case studies are iterative and concurrent.

 Maybe she would like the Pentagon.
She would probably like the Pentagon.

Arch how are you doing tonight
How are you drinks treating you tonight Arch?

Either way, you've got a legitimate gripe.
You will have a gripe whether you go or stay.

Gravestones rest along the tenement walls marking the outer perimeter.
The tenement walls are also used to locate space fro Gravestones.

Ca'daan felt cold.
The wind made Ca'daan feel cold.

 It's just my gum.
That is my grape gum

She fled and she showed it to me.
She ran to find me in the village.

Four, a fragment of some dark green fabric, only a thread or two, but recognizable."
The fabric was thin and cheap. 

News , though generally optimistic about the economy, does offer bear market advice, just in case.
The news is accurate and extremely helpful. 

I modelled myself upon famous K.C.'s.
K.C.'s famous dress style was well known.

They had to change pucks several times, but that was fine, they had millions of them in stock.
There were millions of black pucks in stock. 

well both of mine are boys they're eight and eleven
I enjoy being a father and raising my two boys.

yeah there's nothing like fresh vegetables picked out of the garden
Carrots are my favorite garden vegetable.

But credibility apparently isn't everything.
It doesn't matter if it's credible as long as it's fun.

I was fairly certain that it was Mrs. Cavendish who had hidden it, but I had to make sure. 
I had a feeling that Mrs. Cavendish had hidden it.

Carmel is now an elegant residential and hotel district (Carmelit to Gan Ha-em) featuring the best shops, restaurants, and cafe.
The median income in Carmel is very high.

yeah people get up in the morning in that neighborhood and they've got this black ash on their cars  which you know seems to be
Even off street parking is a pain with the black ash, it gets on everything.

The dude's name is Michal, and he's a noob like I've never met before, Kudu slowly drawled his words with care and precision, like 'cision' in the word 'precision'.
Michal makes sure his words are pronounced accurately. 

I think your first instinct, that children should address adults in the manner in which the adults ask to be addressed, is absolutely dead on.
Children should always start by addressing adults as Mr. or Ms.

uh uh i think we just hang up yeah okay  thanks bye
My goose just stopped cooking, so it's time to go.

i suspect i would be uh you know a lot more favor of it if you know one of my children were you know brutally killed or something like that like i say i think it depends on how personally affected you know you might be by it
People who have experienced violence are more likely to support capital punishment.

Newspapers were getting agitated.
The newspapers were agitated because they were running out of ink.

maybe on smaller smaller scales
Probably small enough to be ignored.

'Brain activity detected,' came the gentle voice of a computer.
After hooking myself up to the machine the computer detected brain activity.

Republicans unveiled rival tax-cut plans.
Republicans presented a tax-cut plan that benefited big businesses. 

The rhythms of the game feel right; the rhythms of the romance feel embarrassingly Harlequin, and the picture drags on for over two hours.
Many viewers consider two hours too long.

They're probably all in \windows\system.
They are all there.

Essentially, a patient in this position is uninsured.
In this position, a patient is uninsured, so we have to fix this.

all right okay same here bye-bye
I'll talk to you at work tomorrow, adios. 

The capital's biggest park runs along the west side of the chic 16th arrondissement.
The most green park in the capital is near the 16th arrondissement.  

8When federal dissaving peaked in 1992, personal saving as a share of GDP was nearly double net national saving as a share of GDP.
These numbers reversed before the end of the decade.

The seen and unseen are independent of each  You don't read the Bible for answers to scientific questions, and you don't read a biology textbook to find out how to live.
People read the Bible for life advice and science books for data information.

Over the next 20 years, the United States will need 1300 to 1900 new power plants.
Blackouts will become common in 20 years unless at least 1300 power plants are built before then.

By the time she was finished, one could only conclude that Bill Clinton was predestined to win re-election.
She was a fantastic campaign manager and made him look much better.

Outside the valley, Nepal slumbered on, for all intents and purposes still in the Middle Ages.
Outside the valley, Nepal slumbered on, for all intents and purposes still in the Middle Ages do to the lack of foreign contact.

Telecommuting and the great job market make mobility easier than ever.
Mobility has become much easier in the last ten years.

For additional information, you can access websites for all the festivals at &lt;www.edinburghfestivals.co.uk&gt; (see tickets, page 127, for contact information for the various festivals).
The website is updated every day.

At the heart of the book is the claim that by treating a political cataclysm in strictly humanitarian terms, Western governments and the United Nations assured the destruction of a democratic, multicultural nation in the middle of Europe and abetted the cause of Serbian fascism.
The books' assertions are correct.

Any more facts about that American chap for me?"
That American chap clearly knows too much about our operations.

The Houston Comets won the Women's National Basketball Association championship.
They all practiced very hard. 

Finally, and most importantly, the Administration strongly opposes including CO2 reductions in any multi-pollutant bill.
CO2 emissions should be reduced.

He said the Association recognizes that many foreign service officers frequently travel long distances and would therefore receive considerable benefits from such legislation.
The legislation compensated officers for the travel time away from their families. 

He went out West, where he obtained news of her and her photograph to aid him in his search.
He suspected she fled to the West, so he headed that way to find her.

The practice is common enough that a medical ethicist didn't raise eyebrows at the hospital where I completed my internship when he surveyed residents about how many had placed central lines into comatose or on-the-verge-of-death patients.
Because the practice is common, everybody has had it

The climate in India  imposes its own imperatives and restrictions on your itinerary.
Regions experiencing extreme heat should always be avoided.

He stood looking at her with a kind of desperate irresolution.
He wants the woman to help him come to a resolution.

 He pulled himself back, but Ser Perth and the nurse leaped forward to hold him.
The nurse held his left arm while Ser Perth desperately tried to bind his legs. 

The iron-jawed man dove as the huge axe swung in and shifted as the mountainous man advanced but he did not swing.
The man ducked out of the way, but was still hit by the axe of the giant man.

Furthermore, the days when historical financial statements were viewed as being of critical importance are gone.
It's different now, there are more important things than historical financial statements.

But just when you start to get impatient with the plodding, one-thing-after-another style of narration, there's a shocker that blows you into the movie's last act, and then a scene in which a couple of former antagonists figure out what stinks and join forces in an abandoned motel to stave off an army of bad guys.
Throughout the movie, the main characters develop romantic feelings for one another.

Such thought-projectors may be part of the science they will give us."
Their technology is way more advanced than ours.

The EOIR states that the provisions of the interim rule will require additional immigration judges, Immigration Court presence at existing INS detention centers, and construction of new Immigration Courts at new detention facilities.
Construction of new immigration Courts at new detention facilities is necessary due to the influx of immigrants and crime rates.

they came in and did it and left in just no time at all and i think it's because they you know they were accustomed to working in that  environment in those particular condominiums and i don't i didn't watch them but i couldn't imagine that they came in and painted it the whole ceiling you know just within a couple of hours
I had to go to work, so I could not watch them paint.

Spanish-colonial touches such as garden patios, shaded balconies, and adornments of wrought iron gave the area its almost Caribbean air.
The Spanish-colonial touches date from the earl 1700s.

In Figure 3, it is clear that as the discount level is increased, implying a passthrough of over 100%, the general welfare level increases, but at a declining rate.
Figure 4 shows a diagram of the poverty levels, adjusted for inflation, for the past 50 years.

He kept on goin' after he came to some Walked till that patrol picked him up.
The patrol wasn't happy to see the criminal.

The Nazis initiated a ruthless campaign in 1940, rounding up intellectuals, Jews, and others, executing some in the streets and deporting others to concentration camps in the occupied territory.
Jews, as well as homosexuals, the disabled and other undesirables were targeted by Nazi programs in 1940.

A hundred species of butterfly have been identified here, and as many different birds.
A hundred new species of butterfly have be found to unique to this place.

, Goodwin) argue that Roosevelt spawned the civil rights and feminist movements by putting everyone to work regardless of race or gender.
Civil rights would never have happened without Roosevelt.

You then eventually rejoin the N74 at Clos de Vougeot.
There is only once place to rejoin the N74.

Go down one flight of steps to Lascar Row, popularly known as Cat Street, for more antiques and curio shops.
Cat Street is named as such because of the famous cat statue.

The Merchant, especially, had been taken aback.
The merchant did not expect it to happen.

Partly this is because a growing industry must offer a somewhat higher wage than workers could get elsewhere in order to get them to move.
Workers move not only for the higher wage, but also for the weather.

You may want to clarify, however, that polar fleece is not a recognized attribute of FashionSense in any color.
FashionSense usually comes in many different colors and fabrics.

The Commissioner of Internal Revenue provided written comments generally agreeing with the contents of a draft of this report.
The Commissioner likes to wear silly bow ties sometimes.

Another roar of laughter echoed over the hills.
The laughter could be heard for miles.

You did that well, girl.
Usually, boys are better at doing that than girls.

But such as it is, you're welcome to it."
You are free to take it if you please, though it is not sufficient in any way.

Natalia was behind me, along with a few beefy bodyguards.
Three body guards weren't enough.

There are indications, however, that Emery is losing money, that the Postal Service is spending more than if it had done the work itself, and that there has not been a significant improvement in delivery performance.
There has not been a significant improvement in delivery performance, due to the internal administration problems.

Chief among its projects was the Aswan High Dam, which provided hydroelectricity to the population and freed the country from the scourge of the annual river flood, bringing security to the highly populated Nile Delta.
The dam also made it easier to keep track of water levels throughout the years.

and uh then you would uh with some add on options and things you'd have to have probably the outside price at the max would be about thirty five thirty six hundred dollars if unless you want to use a video tape to to do all kind of weird things like wipes and and fades and things like that which the uh TV people use
Wipes and fades will probably add an extra $500 to the cost.

oh how wonderful we had uh an October baby on the fifteenth May
We had a baby not long ago, it was on May 15th she was born.

oh my muscles are horrible that's the main reason i really ought to be doing something like that because mine's not so so much uh weight i mean i have i i if i had lost if i lost ten pounds i'd think of myself as nice and thin but uh most of it is just you know it's just in bad shape
If they had lost 5 pounds they would think of themselves as a little healthier than before.

However, they noted that more detailed guidelines often provided answers to employees' questions and served as a tool for educating subordinate security managers and others who wanted a more thorough understanding of good security practices.
Video presentations can also be useful in educating security managers and others.

Immediately inside the gate is the richly decorated Throne Room (Arz Odase), where the sultan received foreign ambassadors.
The Throne Room was covered with the heads of foreign ambassadors who fought with him.

Key duties and responsibilities need to be divided or segregated among different people to reduce the risk of error or fraud.
 Key duties and responsibilities are only given to certain indviduals

yeah like the Mayor of Dallas is a woman and i'm sure that twenty years ago that never would have happened but yeah she's i think she's in her second term now so
She is the first woman to be the mayor of the city.

Now, if Keynes' interest-rate theory is not so easily written off, perhaps we should also look again at that paradox of thrift.
I am right in saying that if you can't forego Keynes' theory, you should then look at the absurdity of the idea.

To this there are two replies.
To this the replies are helpful.

yeah they're uh quite uh they're hard to set down because it's so interesting and course they're always a little spookier than the movies but uh
Some of them are easier to put down than others. 

Finally, we determined that there [was] no basis for finding that Congress intended to create an implied private right of action against the LSC.
Congress didn't intend on creating an action against LSC because of how they treat immigrants.

but we don't do our work here out of enjoyment so much just right now we're just this is we just moved in in September so we're just still at the point where we're talking about the
We used to enjoy doing the work here.

leisurely academic research.
Student research done leisurely

this is going on my fourth week to do it
I plan to keep doing it forever.

But if, on the other hand, it was John, the whole thing was explained quite naturally."
If it was John who was the murderer, everything came together well.

The gardens of Carinosa (owned by ex-Prime Minister Edward Seaga) are famed for their Orchid House, which propagates 200 species.
The gardens of Carinosa was passed down to Edward Seaga by his father.

The Collection and Analysis of Qualitative Data in Evaluation Research.
Qualitative data includes surveys about the feeling of people affected.

huh i would like a self-propelled one i think
I want the lawn mower to move on its own.

Unlike the Irish, they favored centralized administration, and enforced their rule with the building of fortified castles.
The irish didn't like centralized administration, instead supporting the idea of a hierarchy.

they've uh i think i heard Fort Worth that uh
I think they like Fort Worth.

I was aware of other servants huddled together in the background, all eyes and ears. 
The other servants were listening to me talk about a court case.

Completed in 1995, it shattered the record for cable-stayed bridges, with a span of 856 m (2,808 ft).
Cable-stayed bridges were invented only a few years previous to 1995.

The Prado is also well supplied with El Greco's passionately colored religious paintings, such as Adoration of the Shepherds.
El Greco put passion into all of his works.

5 million in contributions because they may have come illegally from foreigners.
Contributions worth 5 million are suspected to be illegal because of the activities that the foreigners engaged on.

been in positions similar to men for that many years relative to how long men have had those types of positions
The years of experience helps the individuals in those positions greatly. 

As previously reported to Congress, though, a number of grantees did voluntarily submit corrections to their 1997 CSR data during 1998.
Congress always reports on grantees who submit corrections. 

maybe that's how we got in trouble
We were pretty mean to them, maybe that's how we got into trouble.

The president may also be a true believer in government by lawsuit.
The president also enjoys golfing with federal judges on holidays.

They've been shooting at everything that flies.
They shot down two aircrafts in the morning.

i i probably would not mind letting the judge do the sentencing as long as the jury of of peers were determining guilt or innocence for one thing we didn't know that the others involved in the trial had uh or i or i mean had i mean involved in the crime had already come up for trial we couldn't know what had come of their uh sentencing
He was giving his legal advice over the phone pro bono.

Circuit City have you been in that
Have you been shopping in Circuit City?

It is crucial to the strategic planning process to measure the volume of our grantees' work and to evaluate the success of their approaches.
It's crucial that we measure the volume of our grantees work to see how successful their approach is for reducing errors.

Pennsylvania's Paul Kanjorski is today's master, lecturing reporters on why he would not talk about Flytrap, why reporters should not ask him about it, and why they should be ashamed for even mentioning the subject.
Paul Kanjorski has denied to answer any questions related to Flytrap.

By criticizing Bush's answers to the world affairs quiz, Gore is trying to inflate Bush's weakness and discredit Bush's rationale.
Gore made an effective push against Bush's supporters.

Nye swerved, sending a lagger on with a sharp crack of quirt in the air.
The lagger jolted toward the rest of the band. 

And both Anse and Drew were alert, knowing that the farther one went from the Stronghold the less one relaxed guard.
The stronghold was a safe area so you didn't have to be on guard while you were there. 

there were you know he's supposed you know he's this actor right and he's he's playing a a cop well he's he's he's hanging around with a cop trying to pick up the the stuff i think he did an excellent job in not being too much of a cop
The guy playing the cop must have never acted before as a cop.

aState and local surpluses in 1990 and 1993 and the deficits in 1992 are less than 0.1 percent of GDP.
The deficits were larger than the surpluses.

oh that makes sense so i mean are you in terms of other things like like like not running but playing a little bit of tennis or can you not do stuff like that at all
is your ankle strong enough that you can do things like play tennis now

During his stint as governor of the island, Zarco is believed to have lived a short distance up Caleda do Pico, in the Quinta das Cruzes.
The governor of the island is a mostly symbolic roll.

The hotel's twin towers, located at the Diamond Head end of Waikiki, are a block from Kuhio Beach.
The two tall towers of the hotel, located in Diamond Head, can be seen from Kuhio Beach.

Accordingly, HCFA did not follow notice and comment procedures with respect to this provision.
HCFA didn't respectfully follow notice and comment procedures so it will now be punished.

Case Study Evaluations is one of a series of papers issued
This series marked a landmark development in the field.

but i don't know if i was doing it in different situation you know not a really religious background if if i would get a lot out of it you know i think i did because it you know it emphasized that sort of thing you know a lot of
I've never been to church.

Though the highest-ranking CIA official ever accused of espionage, Nicholson appears to have done less damage than Aldrich Ames.
Previous members of Nicholson's rank engaged in the same activities but were simply never caught.

so you've received a lot of uh flack
People thought you were terrible for saying that.

to read so it's real enjoyable
I read it everyday because it is so enjoyable.

The battlefield at Azincourt lies about 15 km (10 miles) north of Hesdin, just off the D928.
Azincourt saw one of the bloodiest battles in the country's history.

He swung again and Adrin parried with his rapier.
Adrin had a red rapier. 

You can take a tour of the island on a fayton (carriage) to find the cab rank, walk uphill from the jetty to the clock tower in the square and turn left.
You can see the clock tower from the cab rank.

The new guy was named Mr. Nowak and was sitting next to Miss Aldonka.
The new guy made it a point to sit next to Miss Aldonka.

you don't even know who to payoff huh
You pay the right people.

Those overseers won't feed us because it takes time and wastes food; they let us die and then have us dragged back for more work.
Those overseers do not care if we are weak.

i enjoyed it higher
I enjoyed the music louder than that.

that's true yeah yeah i think there's still i i know that um i grew up in Chicago in the sixties and was part my family was real liberal and i think there's a lot of um
I left Chicago to go to college.

Black Africans didn't take part until the third modern games, held in St. Louis in 1908.
Black Africans were often discriminated against before 1908 in the Olympics.

hum yeah yeah i think that if we could model you know programs after those that are already i mean they did a lot of work finding a program that worked and if we were to do the research take under advisement what they have
The program that they found works better than anything anyone has come up with.

Senate Majority Leader Trent Lott, R-Miss., and House impeachment leader Rep.
Trent Lott has held his seat for nearly 15 years.

But in her hurry to be in time for the village entertainment Mrs. Inglethorp forgot to take her medicine, and the next day she lunched away from home, so that the last ”and fatal ”dose was actually taken twenty-four hours later than had been anticipated by the murderer; and it is owing to that delay that the final proof ”the last link of the chain ”is now in my hands." Amid breathless excitement, he held out three thin strips of paper. 
Because Mrs. Inglethorp took her medicine later than expected, the murderer will be caught.

The  worse traffic; pugnacious immigrant drivers; and sport-utility vehicles, which make drivers feel impervious.
The traffic gets congested for hours every day. 

There are two roads from Cairo to Alexandria.
A third road is planned for travel from Cairo to Alexandria.

Behind the pylon is a courtyard, followed by two hypostyle halls and a sanctuary.
The pylon marks the entrance to the courtyard.

too often
The man says something happens too often.

no uh this is this is the fifth state i've lived in
This is the fifth state I've lived in within the last decade.

Tradition says two saints made an appearance at the funeral.
The saints were covered in gold.

PBS returns to form with a strong Great Performances program on the late Alvin Ailey, who brought black soul to modern dance ( Wednesday , 10 p.m.).
PBS is finally listening to the viewers who requested Alvin Ailey for the program.

Once or twice a day, Ms.
It does not happen as frequently as one would like.

i'll talk to you later um-hum bye-bye
I'll talk to you tonight.

It was not until 3170 b.c. that King Narmer of Upper Egypt conquered Lower Egypt.
King Narmer's forces numbered in the tens of thousands, handing them an easy victory over Lower Egypt. 

well it's been very nice talking to you i appreciate having the call and uh maybe we'll speak again on this little test that they're trying to do
The test is part of the process of becoming a citizen.

The news cycle on drug scares has become so fast that the backlash (accusing the new report of over-hyping the heart-disease link and ignoring the benefits of reduced obesity) is already underway.
The newest drug scare is acetaminophen. 

pretty much used up the tape i guess
There is no more tape to be found anywhere.  

you're either you know do away with some of these laws providing this or we're going to vote you out next time maybe something would happen you know but people don't get involved and don't sit down and do that so i don't know
The strength of a voter outweighs any government official.

That in turn could--most likely would--trigger another round of devaluations in Asia and set back the region's recovery.
It's uncertain what will actually end up happening to Asia's economy. 

I can trust you?" I was a little startled. 
You are very trustworthy.  

The noble began talking again in his strange tongue and the bearded man returned in the same dialect.
The bearded man and the noble started talking again in the same ancient dialect.

Since then, the central group has grown to include 12 individuals who manage the security of the company's (1) main network, (2) decentralized computer operations, and
The security of the company has increased tremendously.

Nearby, at 6060 Wilshire, at Fairfax, the Petersen Automotive Museum celebrates the town's love affair with cars, showcasing over 160 distinctive motor vehicles, with special exhibits on automotive themes.
The museum shows cars from BMWs to Packards.

On the west coast the best beaches are at the island resorts of Penang and Langkawi.
The beaches draw in thousands of sun-seeking tourists every month. 

The editors  Slate is here for the duration.
The slate is good to be here 

At one point, the room erupts in cries of Bullshit!
The room cried Bullshit in response to the comedian.

 "But Rennie does need men guards for the wagon trains, riders "Anse shrugged as he off-saddled.
Anse wrinkled his nose, disapprovingly." Rennie needs guards for the wagon trains, though," he said.

Very nice and everybody likes him, even very much, and especially Wojtek, you know, the one who married three times and has three mistresses.'
He is very nice and also intelligent and everyone likes him very much, including Wojtek.

My dear girl, don't wave Fishers aloft like that!"
Fishers is easily startled.

We failed when we pushed willing, but unprepared grantees to opportunities they were not ready to exploit.
The grantees had not had enough time to prepare for the opportunities.

i that that probably gives the readers a good shot for you know this year or next year i think it you know the young talent really sort of has to build itself up
The man says that the young talent has to build itself up.

One dalang (puppeteer), accompanied by a band of musicians playing oboe, drums, gongs, and cymbals, acts out all the parts and produces all the different voices.
One puppeteer works with a band of musicians to create a big show of voices and music.

but so right so i guess our vote is no
Our vote is no due to moral objections.

effect and when you stop and think about it every just about every single thing that's produced can be recycled
It would help our planet if we started recycling our products.

Wilmington attorney Dana Harrington Conner has won a national award for her work with an organization that offers legal assistance to low-income families.
Conner won an award for her work bringing legal assistance to the poor in the southeast.

Weird  Ted receives The New Yorker , New York Review of Books , and Los Angeles Times in prison and spends his rare recreation time with fellow bombers Timothy McVeigh and Ramzi Yousef.
Weird Ted was nicknamed The Unabomber by the public.

Flanking the steps leading to the courtyard and standing on statues of tortoises are two bronze elephants with praying riders on their backs.
The riders are depicted as wearing traditional battle ear.

Tintoretto's Paradise adorns the entrance wall above the doge's throne.
The painting was done with oils over a few days.

yeah yeah we do it uh it sometimes works and it sometimes doesn't it's i uh when i start doing trim i i've gotten to where i i tend to freehand it because there there's so many layers of paint on this house after forty years that uh it it's so hard to tell where an edge is anymore and uh
Free handing is much easier than anything else.

it was all taking place at the White House, where Mrs. Galt was brought by her friends.
Mrs. Galt and her friends arrived late in the evening.

Madrid spilled outward from there, and, especially in the last two decades, has pushed farther and farther out, leaving little distinction between city and suburb.
Madrid's growth is due to inward migration from other Spanish provinces.

You can't be sick in your own sign.
Being sick in any sign is no fun.

well it was nice talking with you okay
Let's talk again tomorrow.

He was a marvellous little fellow. 
He was generous and did many things for others. 

Mintz seems puzzled, musing that it wasn't as though he'd said America had no literature.
Mintz was critical, but he didn't say America had no literature.

If most customers are as devoted as she is, then each dry cleaner is like a mini-Microsoft, with its own captive customer base.
All clients should be as caring as she is.

It also provides that the resale rule will sunset 5 years after the last group of licenses for currently allotted personal communications services spectrum is awarded (expected to occur within a year).
They wanted to make it harder for other groups to get the license.

The Ranas also made a few modern improvements, such as water and power works for the capital, a 50-km (29-mile) narrow-gauge railway in the Terai, a hospital, and a museum.
The hospital in the capital was built years after the museum.

Yet the Frenchman's travels might not have been possible if many stage-coach companies had not been subsidized--through Congress--so that mail could be carried, and representatives travel home, to remote districts.
Many Frenchmen may not have been able to go home if it hadn't been for the subsidies introduced by Congress.

The restored Royal Hospital housing this museum is Dublin's most important 17th-century building (1684), and is itself worth a visit.
Most tourists of Dublin interested in architecture pay a visit to the Royal Hospital.

More inventive than Gordon is the Chinese artist Huang Yong Ping, who was caught abroad during the Tiananmen Square uprising and now lives in Paris.
Huang Yong Ping was caught by the police during the uprising and sent  to France.

But Sir James was already on the topmost stair.
They were telling Sir James to come upstairs, not realizing he was already there.

Inland from the Cete Fleurie the countryside reflects the popular image of orchards, rolling valleys, and massive timbered manor houses, the land where apples are turned into cider and Calvados, and dairies churn out pungent, creamy Camem?­bert, Livarot, and Pont-l'Evaque.
Wine is produced in the countryside inland from Cete Fleurie.

oh yes i have i have been to Tyler that was one place we went when i was a child
I loved that park.

Dave thought it over.
Dave weighed the pros and cons in his mind.

Great public buildings like the Customs House and the Four Courts were constructed, and private mansions like Powerscourt and Leinster House were built.
The Customs House, Four Courts, and Leinster House were built in Dublin, and Powerscourt was built in nearby Enniskerry, 

Tommy unfastened it.
Tommy unbuckled it.

But Harrison's audience would not have known what the Internet was.
Harrison's audience wouldn't have known the Internet, that was so long ago. 

She's been to every city in the north and south.
She's been to every smaller city in the north and south.

uh-huh well i used to i lived there for a long time but i'm now in Palo Alto California which is i think the recycling capital of the world
Palo Alto has been the recycling capital of the world for a long time.

Mon ami, have you ever, when writing a letter, been arrested by the fact that you did not know how to spell a certain word?
Have you ever been upset when you can't spell a word that you know you should know?

where the fishing pretty good and uh
I found a lot of carp in that area.

We also need to take steps to do so in conjunction with the needed enhancements to the current accounting and reporting model.
A more updated version of the accounting model is long overdue to most members of the profession.

The new 68-county legal aid organization has yet to be named and stretches from El Paso to Corpus Christi, Harlingen to Austin.
The organization's founders can't decide on a name. 

The tip went through.
The tip pierced his stomach.

and uh so but we don't the Saint Augustine and all that supposedly was back there just wasn't like i say there really wasn't even one blade of grass in the backyard
The weather was so harsh, the grass had already died.

GAO has been asked by several federal agencies to review electronic signature systems used in financial management systems and to discuss how such systems should be evaluated.
the GAO has also been asked for other things over the course of their existence.

Commission officials confirmed that copies of both the Initial and the Final Regulatory Flexibility Analyses were submitted to the Chief Counsel, Small Business Administration.
Commission officials said the analysis were submitted to the Chief Counsel for final approval.

If you've become an enthusiast of large strolling gardens, the 18th-century Korakian, in the nearby town of Okayama, is considered a must by connoisseurs.
The Korakian is known to be the largest strolling garden in Japan.

But not all will benefit equally.
Equal benefit will not exist in this case, there is not a solution yet.

As hotheaded as his father, Drew was ready to move on to California until the day all proof of his Rennie name was stolen from him, and his unwarranted arrest for horse-thieving brought on the accusations of the one man whose trust he needed.
Drew was ready to fight whoever was against him in California.

it's nice when the builders plant trees for you when when they build the house
It's nice when builders plant oak and maple trees in your house

One of Aston's many condominium resort properties, this modern high-rise has large rooms with complete kitchens.
This property offers up to four bedroom condominiums.

If the mailer/competitor can do the work at a lower cost, he will choose to do it.
Mailers who do work at lower costs create more problems.

do you want to go first
Would you like to go to the bathroom first?

Does this distinction matter?
Does it matter whether it is peanut butter or jelly?

information-although much broader, includes the requirement in GPRA for federal agencies to prepare annual performance reports with information on the extent to which the agency has met its annual performance goals.
Annual performance reports are yearly analysis done by workers to gather information.

uh-huh uh-huh it is my children really enjoys it they really do but by the time we really get a chance to it's July you know and it's so hot
My kid likes it and we can do it during May.

You'll find a simplicity, a lack of complication, about many local people, yet something, too, of the sophistication associated with the French.
The locals are diverse and multi-faceted people and may appear simple due to their traditional culture.

Others may pause to wonder why Connecticut--and 19 other states--needs an antitrust policy separate from that of the United States.
The United States' antitrust policy is not good enough to dissuade trusts.

Oh ”ah ”yes. He seemed a little confused, but recovered himself. 
He had suffered a blow to his ego and recoiled.

i'm not sure i'm real familiar with the body style on that
I might have never seen this before.

This is not to say that rich people don't love their kids.
The children know they are loved.

Industry analyst John Morton says it would be a miracle if he pulled it off.
John Morton, an industrial analyst, states it would be amazing if he succeeds at this. People have stated his chances are very slim.

Finally, with a satisfied sigh, he closed it, and came back to his position in the centre of the room.
There was a small rug in the center of the room.

Yes, my friend. 
Yes, my acquaintance.

The site also maintains an online archive packed with Whitewater columns.
The site takes a lot of server space to maintain because the Whitewater columns are so big. 

The fresh pork is cut into  bellies  and scored to make it easier to cook and serve.
You must cut fresh pork into bellies if you want to cook it properly.

Quick, go to the other wing. 
Quick, run over to the other wing of the house.

The commercial ferry port is separated from the picturesque fishing harbor by Bourdzi islet, where you can sit under pine trees and admire the view.
Sometimes the view is obscured by fog so you can't see the harbor.

When Adrin could stand no more, they began to shoot.
They began to shoot arrows when Adrin could stand no more.

It provides that the Comptroller General shall evaluate the results of a program or activity the Government carries out under existing law.
The Comptroller General controls the Government's actions.

The small desert man fought with both his daggers held backwards which confused Adrin, but San'doro fought just hard enough to keep Adrin moving but not hard enough to put him into despair.
The other man was much more skilled with fighting.

But there is a fundamental difference between them.
There is difference in religious belief between him and her.

It also creates a presumption that it will be treated.
This pushes a singular idea forward.

Miss Howard, I explained. 
I told the boss about the woman I met outside.

Nearly one of every four children lives in a household whose income falls below federal poverty levels.
The federal poverty level is too high.

Regularly comparing contract expenditures withthe delegation of procurement authority to ensure that the agency does not exceed its authorized level of total expenditures.
It is very hard to regularly compare contract expenditures.

Oxidants and Asthmatics in Los  A Benefits Analysis--Executive Summary.
Executive summary of oxidants and asthmatics by the doctor.

 "Sure thing.
I'll take care of that for you.

The picturesque, more rugged coast east of Genoa is known as the Riviera di Levante (Riviera of the Rising Sun), while the coast west to the French border at Ventimiglia is the Riviera di Ponente (Riviera of the Setting Sun), better known for the sandy beaches of its family resorts.
The Riviera of the Setting Sun has more visitors than the Riviera of the Rising Sun.

The site, near the village of Hesarlek, is marked by a large modern replica of the famed wooden horse.
The wooden horse is over 90 feet tall.

Which means that in the diaspora, Chineseness is not a more authentic way of being; it is just a decision to act Chinese.
Chinese in the United States often do not make the decision to act Chinese in order to better assimilate.

if they make it so that it's not a horrendous inconvenience i think most people would
If it's a horrendous inconvenience, then everyone would not.

His criteria come from Swiss psychiatrist Carl Jung by way of an American mother-daughter team named Katharine Briggs and Isabel Briggs Myers, who created the Myers-Briggs Type Indicator.
Carl Jung was a very famous psychiatrist.  

Unlike me, he doesn't have a belly.
He's very underweight.

In addition, GAO expects that it will have access to the agency's facilities and other relevant locations.
The agency's facilities are located in Baltimore and Los Angeles.

eight maybe
Maybe eight, maybe more.

Then the Serbs, in defiance of a cease-fire and NATO and U.S. warnings, shelled the area around the massacre site.
The Serbs defy the cease-fire around the massacre site in Iran

Sesame Street comes on from like nine to ten which is a good time and everybody is up and had breakfast and dressed and ready to go so it's the timing of of it is good besides the amount what's on
Shows will be more successful if they come on at the right time of day.

Shopping hours in Ibiza last from around 9:00 a.m. to 1:00 p.m. and from 4:00 to 8:00 p.m.
The shopping hours in Ibiza tend to last longer during the holidays.

and we'd go up to the Adirondacks and camp and it was so you know pick your own uh blueberries and make blueberry pancakes for breakfast uh also go ahead
We made fresh blueberry pancakes. 

They say the encryption issue will only be resolved when Congress debates the issue next year.
Before Congress discusses encryption next year, nothing will change with regard to encryption.

, gypsum handling facility).
Facility makes drywall

Alas, there is not much else about America's recent past (save Harry Truman's decisive stance during the early Cold War years) that appeals to Johnson.
Johnson made his disinterest known in a public speech.

uh prices went uh sky high you know in the in the case of airlines of course they became highly competitive and they cut each others throats until they're they're reach the point where they're cutting their own throat and uh well of course that's getting away from taxes isn't it that that's government controlled but um
Airlines are highly competitive with eachother, which is good for consumers.

There is reason to believe that cost-effectiveness can be demonstrated.
Cost effectiveness can be proven 

The cover story repeats the usual criticisms of managed  HMOs are rewarded for choosing the cheapest treatment over the best one and denying membership to unhealthy patients.
HMOs are more interested in money than helping people.

The DPs can barely open their mouths without savaging the president.
The DPs are standing against every policy the president has proposed.

oh boy so that really has a lot of meaning for you to see that
That must mean more to you than any other movie.

'I am not enjoying having a penis.'
I hate being a man.

Invented in 1993: After a big interception, Packers safety Leroy Butler . The populist Leap is particularly suited to the NFL's only publicly owned team, the zealously beloved Pack.
The Lambeau Leap was invented in a game played on Christmas in 1993. 

But she's a stunner to look at, ain't she?" 66 "She's some peach," allowed Tuppence carelessly.
The girl looks great to most people.

And to me, Argentina and Brazil both look a lot like  resource-rich nations a long way from anywhere, with no dominant Northern Hemisphere trading partner.
Argentina and Brazil are nations that are both rich in gold and copper. 

It will build on the successes of the Acid Rain cap and trade program.
They wanted to take the program to a higher level.

never be the same so  i don't know it's  it's really scary and i don't know what to and i don't know what needs to be done you know it seems like there's no room in jails to put them in jail and when they do put them in there you know were i'm taking a business law class at night and the guy that teaches it is a practicing criminal attorney and
There are many problems about prisons I this country, overcrowding is one of them.

For the most part, the Moorish legacy is manifested in a few local place names, some words in the Ibicenco dialect, and an indelible influence on the island's folk music.
There are some distinctions between the Moorish legacy and the island's folk music.

The 26 richly-decorated salons (just a fraction of the Medici residence) are named after the themes of their 17th-century frescoes Venus, Hercules, Prometheus, etc.
The 26 richly-decorated salons were names due to the influence of 17th century religious beliefs.

5 A new generation of wet FGD systems, pioneered in the mid to late 1990's, improved mass transfer, which resulted in the usage of more compact absorbers that are estimated to require 50 percent less material, compared to an older generation of wet FGD systems.
The older wet FGD systems were slowly becoming unusable. 

That's what market capitalism does.
Market capitalism repeats itself in all countries that use it.

Census Bureau data from the Current Population Survey.
The current population survey's data is as accurate as possible.

Beginning with 1999 cases, another significant change is the requirement for programs to report all cases eligible for LSC services, regardless of the funding source.
The requirement is in place for programs reporting LSC-eligible cases based on funding source.

Queimadas is a complex of cottage-style rest houses with attractive gardens.
The rest houses must be reserved several months in advance.

She keeps the fatal letter."
Someone found the fatal letter in her possession.

It puzzled me, for I saw no occasion for it. 
The loss of the painting confused me.

But they shouldn't.
They could not. 

Grassmarket has a memorial to the Covenanters (Scottish Protestant clergymen) martyred by Catholic Stuart kings in the 17th century.
The memorial is a simple mound with iron cross on top.

Let us see if something can't be managed.
We will determine if it can be managed.

They let others tease out the implications of their story for them, connecting the dots among Scaife, Starr, and Hale : The billionaire endowed a position for Starr at Pepperdine University (which Starr has subsequently declined) and then bankrolled Hale, Starr's chief witness.
The billionaire made most of his money from investments.

um-hum um-hum that'd be tough yes absolutely
It would be tough for our family.

it can be pretty sudden too
It may get sudden depending on the situation.

These Aunt Jemima cookie jars and Amos and Andy faces, dented and scarred with use, stare back at us as unnervingly as Diane Arbus freaks, but with the added accusation, at least to white viewers, that you made us this way.
The gaze of these faces is unnerving to white people like myself.

they won't say
They will not say what they're doing here.

that's what he told that's what they tell you but i think it is i think it'd show up no matter what if you doing it then it's going to show up
It should show up after a few days of research if you are doing it.

Last week, the presiding judge in the case sanctioned Stephanopoulos for not looking hard enough for documents covered by a Judicial Watch subpoena.
Stephanopoulos was not the only individual to be sanctioned by the presiding Judge.

Bicycle rental companies (see page 103) also run tours.
Tour guides lead groups of 6 tourists on bicycles at a time. 

um-hum yep yep that's right i'm not even really sure this point in time you know what what programs are out there
I have the ability to find out what programs are available. 

uh or classical style it's not always classical as you know the official uh word might go but um even when i was pregnant of course i listened to that and when our first child was you know an infant um of course i when i was around the house i played that music too
I stopped listening to classical music after my children grew up.

The inner sanctuary hall is a truly monumental space in Ottoman Turkish style, capped with a series of beautifully painted domes.
The inner sanctuary hall of this monastery is still used to this day by monks.

Consequently, he questioned how important that goal should be.
He questioned if the goal was important to the budget of the company. 

Now, as the movement toward managed care has accelerated to a full gallop--and health-care costs, once thought unreinable, have slowed to a walk--managed care has become the bugbear of liberal critics.
People want to switch to managed care to save $2 billion.

Unless you're born eating [them], you never will.
You won't eat lima beans unless you are raised on them.

The nominal interest equals the nominal amount (face amount) of the direct loans times the stated interest rate (the rate stated in the loan agreements).
The loan may have other costs association with it, other than just the interest rate. 

so i think the tests themselves are not really that cut and dried you know
The tests are not as simple as people think they are.

Started the moment I got the wire. 
It all came tumbling down after I received the wire message.

oh Lewisville  any decent food in your cafeteria up there
Is there any decent food in your cafeteria or bistro up there in Lewisville?

The whole thing would have come out, then, and he would have been in an awkward position, for no one would have believed that a man of his reputation could have been deceived into calling it heart disease."
Despite what people thought, he believed it was heart disease.

She can recognize the emperor of Faigon and the king of Gazu Kadem by sight.
She knows exactly who the emperor of Faigon is before she even sees his face.

I didn't try shearling, but no one I spoke with recommended it.
I didn't try shearling although I wanted to.

He said, "And worlds like ours?"  
Is our world going to disappear too?

2 percent of GAO's simulated GDP on a NIPA basis, which is the rate that CBO projects for 2010.
They were accurate with their projections.

Give them something to watch and remember and they will forget what you don't want them to see," said Jon.
Offering a viable alternative means that they will all forget about the thing you tried to shield them from.

They accompanied three women one robed in gray and scarlet and two younger women in rags, both blindfolded.
The women were being taken into the dungeon before their trial. 

 "An orderly let out the news that you are here," she said.
She told him by the phone that she knew he was here.

Supposing she is not able to give one?
Assuming she runs out?

Nor does government support for beach volleyball stop at dune's end.
The government gives beach volleyball a million dollars a year.

Twenty-five three-year-olds.
There were many young children there because their mothers were at work,

A half-hour tour costs HK$50; pay at the end, or the driver may cut your trip short.
You should tip the driver if the tour lasts for 30 minutes.  

Virtually all the fans with whom I have spoken over the years (quite a friendly bunch, actually) consider the absence of big wrecks, injuries, etc., a key component of a good race.
The fans think a good race needs to be without injury to be worth seeing.

For congressionally requested work, further information may be shared after consultation with the congressional requester(s).
Congressional requesters are easy to get further information out of.

But even the Standard , it seems, has its limits.
Even though the Standard has it's limits, they have finally crossed them.

Cartmel church was saved only because it also served as a parish church for the community.
Local residents raised thousands of pounds to save Cartmel church.

With the possible exception of Tel Aviv, Israel is not known for its Mediterranean beaches, yet between the Gaza Strip in the south and Rosh Hanikra in the north there are 190 km (118 miles) of good sandy coastline.
Tel Aviv is the most popular beach in Israel, visited by thousands daily.

Victor Hugo, author of Les Miserables, lived at number 6, now a museum housing many of his manuscripts, artifacts, and wonderful drawings.
The very first printing of Les Miserables is located in the museum, behind a bulletproof glass window.

but uh it's been nice uh like i really appreciate talking with you and i thought i'd uh give you a call on my lunch time here today and worked out good
I'll call you today to discuss our plans for the night.

They knew enough of you both for that.
They knew the things you've done with each other.

This CIO admits that his IT workers are constantly asked to work long hours and undergo a lot of stress though they get little in return for the amount of work they do.
The CIO discusses long hours worked by IT workers and says that there should be no provision for overtime pay in future.

With patience and luck by day or rotating shift watches by night, you may see wild pigs, sambars, and barking deer, gibbons, pig-tailed macaques and leaf monkeys, tree shrews, and red flying squirrels.
With patience you may see many interesting animals, but it is illegal to hunt.

yeah yeah yeah we see them once in a while a couple of times a year at least and the ones in Pittsburgh of course we see more often
The ones in Pittsburg are closer, so we can afford to see them more often.

Thoroughly destroyed by war , it is economically devastated and ethnically divided.
It has spent the remaining surplus of money funding the military.

and i have a feeling that the Persian Gulf crisis is going to be the same way
My fear is that the Persian Gulf crisis will also end in bloodshed. 

Oliver St. John Gogarty (Fleet Street), named for the man-of-letters who was the model for a character in Ulysses, has good traditional and other music and a dining room.
A character in Ulysses was named Oliver St. John Gogarty.

North of Denderah is Abydos, 150 km (93 miles) from Luxor, and erected for the worship of Osiris, God of the Underworld.
Abydos is thought to have been built a thousand years ago. 

The leverage of the ruthless is considerable, says Will.
The ruthless can use the rope as leverage, Will told us. 

He had been prepared to face fury, or to try lying his way out if there was a chance with some story of having needed to study Menes's methods.
He needs to study others so he can learn.

yeah oh yeah Alabama well yeah yeah Alabama i think they're i think they're a bit too over exposed  i get kind of tired get tired tired of every other song being Alabama on the radio
Radio stations are playing too much Alabama due to a marketing push.

The ultimate effectiveness of the new department will be dependent on successfully addressing implementation and transition issues.
The effectiveness of the new department will be dependent how well minced beef sales are across the US.

Then the truth began to hit him, and he felt abruptly sure he was still raging with fever and delirium.
He was still suffering from delirium and fever.

 An impressive rocky coastline with a backdrop of verdant hills continues southward to Talamanca, a heavily developed beach with a fine view of Ibiza Town.
Talamanca is the most heavily developed beach in Ibiza.

How can you remain affordable and still pay your rent?
How can you charge so little and still pay $1500 in rent?

The Civil Service Commission, now the Office of Personnel Management (OPM), joined JFMIP in 1966.
The Civil Service Commission was renamed in order to allow the public to better understand its tasks.

There was a pause, and then Dr.  Bauerstein drew two keys from his pocket, and handed them to John. 
The two keys Dr Baurstein handed John were to his office.

She smiled and nodded to him.
She said, "Yes!" as she nodded.

but really bad it um almost destroyed the  the tourism in one town because of the mosquitoes they're so bad yeah that was it's a really nice area i've been there before and it's
It's unfortunate the mosquitoes come every year to destroy the tourism in the town.

Not surprisingly, therefore, it is one of the Holy Land's many religious hot-spots.
Devout christians are always here at the hot spot.

Not that it matters now ”now that we've come to the parting of the ways."
"It was very important up till now."

Her breasts shrink and her voice deepens.
Her breasts get small and her voice deepens in every new movie.

Ever since it was founded in the 1870s, Santa Monica has been thought of as the perfect seaside town.
Santa Monica has beautiful homes and beaches and great restaurants.

Jacob Weisberg rates the , the , and the in Ballot Box.
He was reluctant to rate the in the ballot box.

Comfortable shoes, with Salmon labels on the heels.
Even though the heels were high, the shoes were quite comfortable.

and you've got that Southern accent
I don't like the way you talk.

If you ride for Don Cazar, nobody's goin' to ask too many questions."
If you work for Don Cazar, then you won't be asked many questions because he is feared by many.

In all this, you see, I think of that poor Mrs. Inglethorp who is dead. 
I think of dead Mrs. Inglethorp who was killed tragically.

Auditors should report fraud, illegal acts, or other material noncompliance.
The auditors are government official.

Citedwellers from northern England began to spend their free time here, walking on the fells or enjoying boat trips on the lakes.
Walking and boating were the most popular activities available.

It is a matter of auditor judgment to decide how discrepant project estimates and estimates provided by cost models should be to raise concerns about risks of cost and schedule overruns.
Auditors conduct market research to determine acceptable estimates for costs and schedules.

yeah but don't you think there's a the the there're older fans there i don't i don't mean older um you know the fact that that it's it's a better established and that the the city is is is more of a of a
But don't you think that the older people make up the majority of the fans?

Porto Santo's claim to fame, beyond its sandy beach, is its link to Christopher Columbus.
Christopher Columbus landed in Porto Santo when he first saw the shores.

I was just thankful for the information.
The information was sufficient.  

But if you just want to watch the boats, you should be able to find a shady spot along Mindanao Way at Burton Chase Park.
The boats pass by often for boat watchers.

uh-huh uh-huh well that's great that'd be a lot of fun you have a lot good experiences from that yeah
That was the best experience that you've had.

You and John are not going to live here?
Is John the only one who wants to live here by himself?

So, what has LSC done to restructure the American legal services delivery system since 1998?
The American legal services delivery system has been restructured over the past twenty years.

Though Spain may not be the bargain-basement destination it was in the 1960s and 1970s, it is still less expensive than most other European countries.
Spain is still one of the most inexpensive places to go in Europe.

oh no problem well take care bye bye
We will talk next week.

well i like i mean i like you know things that are funny and and all you know like like Cheers you know is really funny it it makes you laugh or you know so it's not like uh uh a show that goes on forever even though it's only half an hour
Cheers is my favorite show to watch, because it is funny and does not go on forever.

schedule A well yeah and you know did you notice that when they passed the new simplified tax act it seemed like it made everything harder
The new tax law is still affordable.

Persistent welfare cases don't get jobs because of mental illness, substance abuse, transportation obstacles, child-care difficulties, and simple lack of interest.
Lack of interest is a very common cause of unemployment among youth who are welfare cases.

But they're always changing, in a couple of ways.
They're always changing, at a rapid pace.

Its enormous, ornate churches are a far cry from the simple biblical sites of the imagination.
These ornate churches have existed since biblical times.

i never thought i would get rusty but i'm rusty now
I didn't think I'd get rusty at speaking, but here we are.

Skiathos Town, the only settlement on the island, is a bustling resort, rebuilt after severe damage in World War II.
Skiathos Town is the only settlement on the island because it is so large.

There was even a gandy cart, though no rails for it to run on.
The gandy cart had been abandoned long ago.

The area becomes liveliest around sunset, with folk-singers, portrait artists, jewelry salesmen, and other diversions competing for the attention of the crowds.
You can have your portrait painted cheaply in the area.

And last August, the American Bar Association created a Commission on Loan Repayment and Forgiveness to formulate ways to expand such credits beyond the relative handful of schools offering such help - usually the more well-endowed campuses such as NYU Law, Harvard Law, Columbia Law School and Yale Law School.
The Commission offers work to any student who qualifies in order to boost their income and meet their debts.

A lovely limited-menu cafe behind the garden and a new gift shop were added in 2000.
The only item on the cafe's menu that remains constant is coffee.

The synagogue was the center of Ashkenazi worship until the fighting in 1948, when the building was destroyed and the site became a ruin once more.
The synagogue was scrapped for metal for the war effort.

Monsieur Poirot was within. 
Inside were Monsieur Poirot's where abouts.

I AM Mr. BROWN… ." Stupefied, unbelieving, they stared at him.
They couldn't utter a word, or move a finger at the revelation.

Check here if you'd like me to touch you there.
If you would like me to touch you there you have to check here because I need to know exactly where.

It's impossible today to realize how shocking The Picture of Dorian Gray was to 1890s readers.
It's impossible to understand how shocking that book was when it was released in libraries.

to me black and white is photography color is more snapshot
I prefer black and white photos. 

Gloria Steinem announced that in the new incarnation of Ms. , fat is no longer a feminist issue.
Gloria Steinem thinks fat is not a feminist issue anymore, but sexism in the workplace is. 

Then it was gone.
With a flash, it disappeared out of sight.

The paintings from 1987 are full of charming facility, but their decorativeness is repetitive.
The paintings from 1987 are of dogs playing poker. 

I always hoped to see you again, said the large gladiator.
The gladiator wanted to see the football player again. 

Many patients are uninsured or carry policies that do not enforce this provision.
These policies are meant to protect patient confidentiality.

As a legal services attorney, Barnes will help women escape domestic violence, Mauricio Vivero
Barnes specializes in helping women who have been victims of domestic violence.

'Thank you very much.'
It is thanked but not for long.

This type of testing is often referred to as penetration testing.
This kind of testing involves repeated penetration.

But if Drudge passes on a particular story, there are few other columnists--in print or on the Web--who have the inclination and audience to break a tabloid tale out to mainstream readers.
A lot of people believe what they read in the tabloid. 

I do know that a couple of mornings with the Mach 3 has just about wiped the smirk off my face.
After using the Mach 3, I know realize how amazing it is.

Pfizer's CFO, on the other hand, saw an opportunity to do things more effectively and efficiently and thereby redeploy resources from transactional activities (e.g.
Pfizer operated more efficiently by installing faster golf carts in it's factories.

oh yeah you're that's a good point but at TI they before they had the testing i've forgotten it seems seems like it's a year ago September something like that they told us that the agency that did it was the one that did it for the government and and that of course that's critical just as the point that you're brought up that whoever does your testing has got to be you know have a lot of quality control that they keep track of everything they don't make mistakes that would be terribly embarrassing
There are some drug testing agencies that make mistakes.

Much of the emphasis of screening has shifted toward identifying patients with high alcohol consumption before disease develops.
High alcohol consumption will lead to the development of a disease.

To be accepted, young candidates had to demonstrate their social and psychological maturity and computer instincts, evaluated according to a patented method developed by Mr. Jedynak.
The candidates were apply to be part of a program.

The Catholic Church has counted 3,125 martyrs in Japan from 1597 (beginning under Hideyoshi) to 1660.
In addition to those killed between 1597 and 1660, over 1,000 Catholics were killed in Japan from 1661 to 1760.

The most established town is Hurghada whose small offshore islands sit among some of the best diving waters in the world.
Hurghada is such a beautiful and friendly place to go.

so little so little time to do that yeah have a chance more chance to relax
I wish I could have a few hours to just relax.

yeah yeah course they you know just don't have the quality of records nowadays either because you you you get that scratchy sound
Most records you can have access to these days are old and weren't necessarily taken care of.

 This pineapple plantation island has become a tiny hide?­away with two splendid resorts and the remains of the historic company town, Lanai City( ).
Lanai City used to be the trading hub of the entire island.

Because she's the one who has double-work made for her, and she's talking about quitting.
She has double-work made for her because people want her to quit.

and you knew this these people are going to come and if you were in your house they were going to take you and beat you of course you're gonna just gonna pick everything up that you can carry and you're going to run
These people are dangerous and you need to run from them.

In August, Mike Doyle of the University of Georgia applied for a patent on some nonvirulent strains of E. coli that wipe out the nasty version when fed to cattle.
Mike Doyle has always been very interested in E. coli and cattle. 

At last… . The moment was almost breathless in its emotion.
After 10 long years, we did it and we can't contain our emotions.

The campaign to convert Bob Dole, and to prepare the public for his imminent conversion, is resurrecting many golden-oldie rhetorical points from circa 1981.
A rhetorical point from 1981 is that poor people are simply lazy.

when we have enough calls from you you will receive in the mail a numbered certificate for your calls and and explanation how to redeem
If you exceed the number of calls required, you'll get a bonus.

'He's too well hidden, he has too many supporters, and short of actually invading Large...'
We determined it would be impossible to catch such a popular, wily figure.

yeah actually actually you know fish is not their natural food that's that's the
Their natural food is deer, however they can make do with weasels.

Underground Storage Tanks
Safe Underground Storage Tanks.

Adrin fired shot after shot into the riders.
The riding band of thieves were attempting to steal Adrin's horses. 

Who took his place?
Who took his place on the throne?

Remember the Sabbath Muslims have Friday as their day of rest (beginning at sunset on Thursday and ending at sunset on Friday).
The Sabbath Muslims do not do much on Fridays.

it's eight percent down there
It has been eight percent there for a while.

I see, said Tommy.
Tommy was being sarcastic.

that's why i mean they couldn't put anything in it hardly but
They weren't able to put hardly anything into it as there was just too much opposition.

Though much smaller than Hong Kong Island, Kowloon has almost twice the population.
Kowloon has a population of twenty million.

The statistical incidence of a single death, equivalent to a product of a population risk times a population size that equals one) is estimated to be $6 million in 1999 dollars.
Calculating the cost of a single death is an equation developed by insurance underwriters in 1900.

 Jon turned to San'doro.
Jon was preparing to speak to San'doro. 

because if we want to go camping we can just go just a few miles you know
And if we want to go on a really good camping trip we can travel further.

The decree accused Sister Jeannine Gramick and Rev.
The decree accused the sister and Reverend of murder.

because they were not that careful in how they handled themselves in those miniskirts
They bent over at the waist and exposed more than they intended.

The record is undisputed that many of the kinds of lawsuits involving permanent resident aliens and other unrestricted aliens take months, if not years, to reach a conclusion, and that permanent residents and other eligible aliens regularly travel outside the United States.
One month later to this statement someone disputed the record.

For instance, IOLTA grants money to several Court Appointed Special Advocate Programs (CASA) for children in Essex, Morris-Sussex, Mercer and Atlantic-Cape May.
IOLTA gives CASA a million dollars a year.

yeah and you have to be sure that your everything coordinates and everything everything is um freshly pressed and everything
Everything must be freshly washed as well. 

well you do i guess you do get paid but the thing is is that you know people are what if they see you in the uniform
i suppose people do pay you, but it comes at a cost

Board member qualifications are more than a matter of education and experience, they are also a matter of personal attributes of which integrity is number one.
Integrity is an important attribute because a lot of money is involved.

well uh she said uh one was a total ban on gun control and ten was uh no control at all where do you fit in there
Most people prefer a total ban on gun control.

There were rumours of dissension among the Labour leaders.
The rumors that were spreading held no truth to them.

It was opened promptly, he said a word or two to the doorkeeper, then passed inside.
He was friends with the doorkeeper.

Despite good quality local wines, the Turks are not great wine drinkers.
The delicious wine hasn't made the Turks fall in love with it.

This estimate is supported by the number of orders of FGDs for 2001 and projected orders through 2002 by the electric utility industry, which totals over 11 GWe46, and over 13 GWe of announced scrubbers which are scheduled to start up by 2005.
This is estimated by, among a plethora of other things, the number of orders of FGDs.

The austere facade of the 15th-century Eglise Saint-Jean-Baptiste, where the wedding was celebrated, doesn't prepare you for the characteristic Basque carved oak galleries to separate the various classes of worshippers on three sides of a single nave, with polychrome wooden vaulting and a three-tiered gilded-and-crimson Baroque altar.
The 15th-century monks believed in maintaining austere appearances, and focused on the the internal, or spiritual world.

The Sticks were thirsty for blood and if Jon's instincts were right at all, tonight they would have it.
They always do what they want.

Could drug companies lower their costs?
Drug companies can absolutely lower their costs. 

He wants to find the secret rational formula that will connect movie costs to movie revenues.
AMC Movie Theaters knows the formula, that is why they have been so successful.

we fall out of uh agreements with certain leaders and then amazingly enough the country starts turning against our leader you know  it's uh
We purposely violated the agreement between our parties.

The  1) Falwell is an anti-Semite.
Falwel is a hateful anti-Semite.

Unrestrained ocean waves and salty sea spray have wrecked huge chunks of the Malecen, the sumptuous promenade and roadway that traces the edge of the sea.
Malecen was wrecked by ocean waves and salty sea spray proving that nature is unstoppable.

Newsweek 's regular issue is devoted to Americans at war.
Newsweek's Wednesday issue is always dedicated to Americans at war.

The famed marketplace of Cairo Khan El-Khalili still buzzes with the atmosphere of a medieval souk and it makes a good place to start your tour, though do return as the sun drops and the lights come on because the atmosphere is palpable.
Cairo Kahn El-Khalili is famous for the intricately woven carpets sold there amongst the crowds.

But, if he had bothered to read any history books, he'd have discovered that a new set of entrepreneurs was born out of the massive Boeing layoffs of 1970, when tens of thousands of unemployed Boeing workers were trying their hands at anything to make a buck.
He didn't know anything about the unemployed Boeing workers.

a consuming addiction, says the New York Times ' Stephen Holden.
The addiction takes over your life.

This is the least interesting part of what was once the largest system of fortifications in the world, and in any case you can't get in to see it.
You can only get in to see it on Sundays.

That is the feeling that makes the children take out the broken tea pot and empty jam tin.
This feeling is that of giddiness and glee.

Originally, all the brightly colored puppets were made from cow, buffalo, or goat hides, but today the minor characters are turned out in plastic and celluloid.
All the brightly colored puppets used to be made from the same materials, but due to a shortage of hides the minor ones are now made of cheaper material.

The IMA is a professional organization devoted to management accounting and financial management.
IMA is the leader in the financial management industry. 

 Susan nodded.
Susan was being polite. 

Nowhere does a cathedral more distinctly dominate a major city center.
The cathedral is the tallest building in the whole city.

Nearby, the history of the Kagoshima region is nicely summed up in the ultramodern Reimeikan Prefectural Museum, which includes local arts and crafts as well as examples of those first Portuguese matchlock rifles.
The first Portuguese matchlock rifles were real pieces of art.

my TV viewing started sort of mid sixties so
I was one of the first on my block to get a TV.

We requested comments from BEA, OMB, and several subject matter experts.
Comments from professors were important 

The port cities Havana and Santiago de Cuba were heavily fortified to defend against French and English pirate raids.
Havana is a port city and it is always bustling with activity.

From this information, the IDPA calculated that the state's payment accuracy rate was about 95 percent.
Thanks to this information, IDPA could calculate the state's payment accuracy rate, which was incredible.

well that's great that's so good
You'll have to tell me more about it later.

NORMAL COST - That portion of the actuarial present value of pension plan benefits and expenses that is allocated to a valuation year by the actuarial cost method.
Pension plans are often paid out to retired employees with at least 30 years of service.

The two bronzes were presented in the mid-17th century by the Dutch government, in gratitude for the special exemption that gave them exclusive trading privileges with Japan during the period of national seclusion.
The Japanese government was thankful for the two bronzes.

Throughout dinner Jackson wore a black silk surgical mask, and the couple was later pictured kissing tenderly through the mask.
In a highly uncharacteristic move, Jackson wore a surgical mask throughout dinner.

The final rule did not substantially modify the requirements for the controlled business disclosure and, therefore, HUD did not submit the disclosure requirements to OMB in connection with this rulemaking.
There are several rules that aimed to modify the requirements for business disclosure. 

The director of an international airport was hanging from the ropes and checking their color in the sun, which graciously shone from between fiercely looking storm clouds.
The director of an international airport was hanging from ropes, tightening them, and checking their color.

um-hum yeah the automobile regulatory agencies or something
They should write to that agency to complain about their automobile.

Italian heritage so i definitely like pasta but i like Italian and the two don't mix though  i've tried that that doesn't
I cook pasta more than four times a week.

yeah  the other thing that we've done that that was really nice to see we had one of the financial companies um Hancock oh  John Hancock company came out and their agents did a long term analysis based on salary  and uh what we were planning what what what our uh goals were on a long  term budget in terms of retirement kid's college paying off the house buying a different house
The John Hancock agents only came on the condition that we put all of our money into retirement.

Numerous techniques are available to the supervisor to obtain this assurance.
The supervisor works hard for assurance 

The law provides that the Postal Service may, from time to time, request that the
The Postal Service used to abuse their ability to make requests.

They wouldn't be able to keep the mines secret very long, but the longer the better.
They wouldn't be able to keep the mines a secret for very long because the enemy was getting closer.

Not been doing this long, eh? Tuppence raised her eyes, astonished.
Tuppence was amazed at his skill level which quite exceeded what she thought it would be based on the length of time he had said he had been doing this

Perhaps your own blade has lost its shine, old man, said Adrin.
Adrin spoke rudely to the old man.

He wore no helm.
He was only wearing a robe.

The White House packed its millennium party with tech leaders.
The White House party had a few tech leaders.

The city has two subway lines, several small private railway lines, and many bus routes.
The city subway lines were built in 1890 by the emperor.

If that is the goal, he thought we should be examining how to accomplish screening.
The methodology used needs to vary based on the intended goal. 

and that way it would give you know the probation department and parole department they've got to be overloaded with as many criminals as we have here in in Lubbock
The probation department is way overloaded.

the attention of competitors.
Competitors's attention was the result of professional jealousy.

Sleep came uneasy that night and though he worked himself hard the next day, tending to those brill that remained in his farm, his mind wandered.
He never took any days off.

Privileged and Confidential Information
As a general rule, none of this information should be charged to the public.

Legal Services conducted interviews with 88 farm workers in some of Colorado's most abundant agricultural regions last year and found that half of those surveyed had experienced symptoms of pesticide exposure.
None of the 88 farm workers had serious symptoms. 

and uh she's not she's not feeling too great today
She has a cold so she isn't feeling good today.

Nearby is the Perigi Raja (Sultan's Well) dug in the 15th century for Princess Hang Li Po, whom the Emperor of China had given as a bride to Mansur Shah.
The marriage between the princess and Mansur Shah was forced by the Emperor.

It's barbed tip pierced through.
A soldier was trying to stab someone.

Before 6 June 1944 the peaceful stretch of coast west of Cabourg, from Ouistreham to the Cotentin peninsula, was known simply as the Cete du Calvados, a flat, undramatic shoreline broken by a few unspectacular chalk cliffs and sand dunes.
The shoreline has five or six chalk cliffs.

And there was the permanent stamp of uncertain temper in the lines about his prominent eyes.
He was a man with anger issues.

When I shed it, I was myself, quiet, unobtrusive, a man like every other man.
Before taking it off, I had been a superior man.

If you didn't get enough of the astronomical clock in the cathedral, you can have a close-up view here of figures from the original 14th-century model.
The astronomical clock is hard to see in the cathedral.

It took French historians a long time to come to terms with the less attractive realities of what Louis's style cost the nation.
France was plagued by debt until a new leader brought upon a more powerful economy.

It should be noted that Schwartz used data on the prevalence of chronic bronchitis, not its incidence.
Schwartz made the right choice by using data on prevalence.

The purchase of the building on A Street in downtown Oxnard also signals California Rural Legal Assistance's intention to establish roots, said its leaders.
They were hoping that down the road they would expand.

No one accuses movie theaters or gardening-supply outlets of ruthlessly exploiting the weaknesses of clients who turn over their money only because they lack the self-control to refuse.
Movie theaters and gardening-supply outlets are not accused because they don't do force sales.

Our review indicates that the Food Safety and Inspection Service complied with the applicable requirements.
It could be said that the Food Safety and Inspection Service went about and beyond at their job, following all requests to a T.

Nor' Loch was drained (creating land for today's Princes Street Gardens), and the Mound was constructed to provide a second, westerly access between the two settlements.
The creation of this access way lead to more trading and travel between the settlement.

Rumors about the Fed's intentions swept Wall Street the week prior to the drop.
The rumors are true. 

The number of boilermakers in demand for retrofit installations under the Clear Skies Act is spread fairly evenly out to 2010 when the demand begins to decrease.
The Clear Skies Act requires 500 boilermakers to retrofit installations. 

I couldn't say exactly, sir, but it wasn't tea-time by a long way. 
Tea time only comes once a week. 

OMB approved the requirements as an addendum to the ICR approved under OMB Control  
The OMB was originally hesitant to approve the requirements.

The safety lines kept their lifeless bodies from slipping away; instead, they lolled listlessly against the side of the carriage.
The bodies wanted to slip away but decomposed where they were. 

The demographic and economic assumptions imply a sharp drop in the average annual growth of aggregate hours worked from 0.7 percent through 2010 to 0.2 percent from 2020 through 2075.
Demographics and comic scales were studied to bring results like decreasing aggregate hours worked. 

 If you do not charge anything for copies of this eBook, complying with the rules is very easy.
Even if you charge money, complying with the rules can be possible.

The showrooms are for trade only, meaning the only way you can make purchases is to buy through an interior designer.
Only interior designers are allowed to walk through the doors.

reports how much time the investigation covered in relation to the history of the instance or program.
It is important to report how much time the investigation covered in relation to the history of the instance or program.

I ain't going to pull you into anything "
Even though you started this mess, I ain't going to drag you into it. 

You should, however, acclimatize to the altitude before attempting any long hikes.
The hikes are in high altitudes.

and they don't have a waiting period because they have access to computer records concerning all these felons and the uh when you go in and buy a weapon or a handgun in uh uh Virginia
They rely on the computer records to tell them if someone should get a gun or not.

The frescoes are all in the parecclesion, which stretches the length of the building and was used in Byzantine times as a funerary chapel.
Many solemn and important funerals took place in the parecclesion over the years.

Has the government not tried hard enough?
The government has tried hard to make education accessible.

uh that's still a good hour ride i guess
The train is a great way to ride.

I would like to clarify a point I made in an E-Mail to the Editors that Slate published last week.
Slate published an E-Mail I sent to the Editors without my permission.

and now the fact that we're not interfering with the internal rebellion in in Iraq they're going crazy you know i mean you can't please them one way or the other
They went crazy when we interfered with Iraq.

China and Japan were not on speaking terms, so trade between them had to be channeled through a neutral middleman.
China and Japan had expelled each other's diplomats.

4 million in the operation of the White House since 1993.
The White House has a president.

With these two laws, Congress imposed on federal agencies a new and more businesslike framework for management and accountability.
The new and improved framework makes the tasks of the federal agencies affected easier.

Less than 2 km (about a mile) from the royal palace, the curiously named farmer's cottage (la casita del labrador) is set in the extensive prince's garden.
The prince's garden was first landscaped in the late nineteenth century.

um if they have children they would rather stay home with them if if they if they possible can
They would rather stay home with their kids then head to work.

In combination with other factors and the policies of the Reorganization Act, these
The reorganization act needs a new approach 

Yet the strychnine must have been administered between seven and nine o'clock that evening. 
The strychnine was administered at 8:30 in the evening.

just depends on who's going to exploit us when
When we start that job, anyone could exploit us.

I shall not ask her to tell me anything, he said quietly.
I do not need to hear her opinion.

The capital of the Hatti was Kanesh (modern K??ltepe, near Kayseri).
Capital of the Hatti was gigantic.

and there's a lot of housing ah i know in the area that i live in that's run down and beat up but it could be fixed up and used and it's just you know sitting there wasting away
There's a lot of housing that is condemmed. 

Rubin is calm and confident.
Rubin is calm, and confident due to his track record of success.

yeah maybe she would talk me in yeah maybe they'll
She's a very smooth talker.

well i do think that the cases like the uh oh say something like Texaco versus Pennzoil or or the Texaco Pennzoil problem
In Texaco versus Pennzoil, the lawsuit was thrown out of court.

Marley's body was brought here after his death and lies in a mausoleum, where he is buried with his prized guitar.
Bob Marley's body was returned here, to his birthplace, where his mausoleum still sits.

The Champs-Elysees stretches in a straight line from the Arc de Triomphe to the Place de la Concorde, bordered by chestnut trees all the way.
There are chestnut trees along the Champs-Elysees, which is the most famous street in Paris.

He supports families and the future without specifying which families or what future.
He supports wealthy families, but he didn't say which specific ones they were. 

In place of land came water, surging in to fill the 11-km (7-mile) long void and causing massive tidal waves around the Mediterranean Sea.
The tidal waves caused many deaths.

so i sent them a letter with a copy of the canceled check and their card cut up into about a hundred pieces i said here is your card here is the copy of my canceled check never send me anything else and never heard from them
I could not believe that they actually mailed me their card.

Although China's Basic Law promised that Hong Kong's existing laws and civil liberties would be upheld, refugees began flowing the other way.
Hong Kong is now a part of China.

The Chicago chapter of the Legal Marketing Association will offer pro bono services to legal-aid organizations in the city.
The Legal Marketing Association in Chicago is open Monday through Sunday. 

The armored men tore the clothes from the two younger women leaving them naked and shivering.
The men were embarrassed to be naked. 

They sent me in to wait on Mr. Beresford.
I was a good assistant to him. 

One of the primary pieces of specialized construction equipment that can be useful for SCR installations are tall, heavy-lift cranes, and These appear to be in adequate supply.
The cranes were vital to the operations of the construction.

The federal government's cash-based budget process is largely a short-term plan focusing on the short- to medium-term cash implications of government obligations and fiscal decisions.
The public would rather see the government implement a budget process that considers the long-term consequences of the government's financial decisions.

That, of course, I cannot say, but ”shall I tell you my own private opinion, Hastings?
I do not trust my opinion on that.

If so, there will be danger.
This might be dangerous if they arrive faster than us.

HUD has begun to take the steps necessary to rectify this problem, including preparation and publication of a correction to the final rule and proper submission of the controlled business disclosure requirements for OMB review and public comment.
HUD wasn't aware of the need for a correction until recently.

(I look forward to explaining how such systems work in a forthcoming column.)
I will explain how the systems work in an article next week.

In addition, we are in the midst of implementing our first student loan repayment assistance program for about 200 employees who have indicated interest and are willing to make a three-year commitment to staying with the agency.
We are in the middle of implementing our loan forgiveness program for the 200 people who have promised to work here for three years.

You'll find tennis info at the same website and phone number.
There is tennis information on the site including court schedules and rankings.

Crazy or not, he took this business of the hatching egg seriously.
He knew that the egg he was hatching was something more precious than the rest.

But finding your way around the riches of rainforest, coral reef, or marine reserve can be bewildering if you plunge in unprepared.
You need to plan your excursion to the rain forest.

Users can choose English, Spanish or Vietnamese.
They can also choose German, Polish or American Sign Language. 

His rich Irish voice was unmistakable: "That's all very well.
His rich Irish voice was well known.

Can you not guess? asked Poirot, smiling. 
Poirot has shown to be fluent in many languages.

yeah yeah me too well i think we've accomplished five minutes so  it's good talking to you bye-bye
It's been five minutes so it's time to go to our next class.

Destroy it before Dave Hanson can complete his magic!"  The men behind him yelled.
The magic of Dave will destroy the man.

He offers them low- or no-interest home loans.
His loans help a lot of people. 

Rh??ne Valley
The valley with the Rh??ne river running through it.

To the south along the shore is the popular Dead Sea resort of Ein Gedi, a good place for lunch, a swim, or a walk on the nature trails.
Ein Gedi has picnic benches, a basketball court, and swings.

there were always the EPA people and what not were always telling us that uh farm chemicals and what not were destroying our water system and all that but we just we just never saw the results uh
We never knew that it could have a negative impact on our water til it happened.

Among the many impressive skyscrapers, one of the most striking is the 35-story Dayabumi Complex (1970), southeast of Dataran Merdeka.
The impressive 35-story Dayabumi Complex is one of the most visited attractions.

Any difference between the book value loss (or gain) and the cost of modification is recognized as a gain or loss.
If the difference is a negative, it is recognized as a loss.

It would have had to obtain the data from the employees because the airlines would not provide the information to the agency.
The employees are free to provide information to anyone who asks for it.

This medieval town boasts a Gothic church with a Renaissance interior; note the carved oak choir stalls and Nottingham alabaster altarpiece.
All medieval town have many Gothic churches within them.

At the financial services corporation, the central security group routinely
The central security group provides recurring protection to the financial services corporation.

Since its founding in 1895, the National Trust has preserved nearly 100 farmhouses and the surrounding land as well as many other historic structures throughout the region.
The National Trust has been helping farmers remain in their homes and providing crops for their communities.

He sees a sign that says Chain-Up Area Next Exit and finds it hilariously suggestive.
The sign is colored bright red so that people can see it far away.

but i don't think so i i have a feeling that's more reflective of our government and everything then
Besides being reflective of our government and everything, it is also reflective of how our society acts.

it's a lot cheaper in uh in uh Texas
Prices are lower in Texas because they don't have a sales tax. 

The second version, posed by a Reuters correspondent, was whether Bush thought rumors of his cocaine use were being planted.
A Reuters correspondent suspected Bush of using cocaine, but it was never proved.

It is also the site of Sevilla la Nueva, the original Spanish settlement on Jamaica, founded in 1509, which sits just to the west of the modern town.
Spaniards settled brought many modern wonders with them to Jamaica.

Would that suddenly make you less of a person, less of an individual?
Does doing this make you less of a person?

It's hard, I murmured.
I spoke so quietly that no one could hear me.

Functions Learn what implementation has been achieved, understand unexpected aspects; understand reasons why implementation looks the way it does; useful when enabling legislation has given flexibility
There can be many reasons why implementation looks a certain way, including budgetary. 

The movie isn't clear on where the secret report that kicked off Bergman's interest in tobacco came from, or who in the FDA thought it was a good idea to turn him onto Wigand.
There were two people in the FDA who turned Bergamn onto Wigand.

But the benefits of the new technologies--ultimately, immortality and the rewriting of the recipe for human beings--are precisely what philosophers ought to ponder.
There are nearly a thousand benefits of the new technologies.

The prevalence of this co-factor to the emergency admission, and the fact that alcohol is a risk factor both for the first visit and for a return visit to the emergency setting, have occasioned a call for an effective method of intervening with alcohol problems in these settings.
Alcohol is the biggest risk factor for first and return visits. to the ED.

'Stretching.' I wasn't sure whether or not I should be embarrassed.
I thought about being embarrassed, but decided there was no point.

If this occurred, the Service's configuration would be that of a successful competitor and, at the same time, any benefits from having one provider would be retained.
If the merger occurs, the service's setup will be similar to the company buying them out, but they would be able to retain their benefits from having their service.

Clearly no suspicion attached to him as yet.
They were focusing on another suspect currently.

Finally, in 1936, a large section of the army under General Francisco Franco rose in revolt against the government.
Only the army under General Francisco Franco revolted against the government.

But others think the lawsuit is a mistake. 
75% of people think the lawsuit is a mistake.

According to the Commission, the Committee's membership included small businesses and associations representing both large and small businesses as well as a telecommunication association representing end-users, some of whom are small entities.
Large businesses drowned out the voices of small businesses on the committee.

Although acceptance by the program offices has sometimes been slow, according to a recent survey of federal CFOs,4 program directors are starting to look to the finance organization for help.
Acceptance by the program offices were very slow, because the offices were flooded with requests.

Restricting LSC attorneys in advising their clients and in presenting arguments and analyses to the courts distorts the legal system by altering the traditional role of the attorneys in much the same way broadcast systems or student publication networks were changed in the limited forum cases we have cited.
Attorneys often work under stressful conditions and numerous restrictions.

These changes were also submitted to OMB for approval.
It takes some time to get these changes approved.

The foundations of the fort can still be seen, but artifacts from the site are displayed in the Huntly House Museum in Edinburgh.
Only partial remnants of foundation structures are visible as some had been removed.

Yet it is clear that very few people outside the world of academic economics think about things that way.
It's clear that not many professors outside the world of economics think about things like that

because i i we go to antique stores a lot and you see seventy eights
Going to antique stores is a relaxing past time of mine.

um-hum right yeah so i think hopefully if you know i guess a lot of the large organizations probably TI did they advertise on television how successful they are
TI is one of the most successful.

These are summarized in table 2.3.
The table holds all the info 

The countryside is undistinguished, until suddenly you look down on the emerald-green waters of the Amadorio Dam, a favourite haunt of fishermen and discerning picnickers.
The Amadorio Dam is 10 miles from the main road that winds through the countryside.

Do they have a vested interest in the status quo?
The status quo is being modified to fit their needs.

Not much is left of the original construction of 1191: Destroyed in a fire in the 14th century, it was later rebuilt, and even includes some Victorian restoration work, though not as extensive as that in Christ Church.
The original construction was one of many that had been destroyed by fire.

Incarnate Word and they have a retirement home for the nuns and they take some lay people
Incarnate Word is a college that usually only accepts priests and nuns.

um-hum that come from her
She was responsible in all parts for it. 

This is the period of myths and legends, later romanticized by Irish writers, that still exercise their power today.
The legends and myths are mostly about heroes battling monsters.

Privatization would not be needed.
Privatization would be useless for our problems, said the director.

so you have that kind of a situation but uh by the same token you have kids coming out of private schools that they've spent very much time with them not able to social cope socially with the other types of people in the world
If you only socialize with one certain group of people you have a hard time socializing with others. 

He rode past the brill fields.
He rode the bull past the fields and into the forest. 

'But they don't just want a body!' I insisted.
They want all your money too. 

and on each letter what types of changes are they typos are they because i couldn't read it or people just change a like one word because they think it sounds better or whatever
are the changes mistakes, or are they just because no one could read them

You fight better with those sticks than you did with the teatsword, remarked the Kal, grinning his awful grin.
Kal had an awful, toothless grin.

The ossified state of European telecom monopolies would stun American Webheads.
American Webheads would be stunned by European telecom monopolies ability to capture the market.

Of course not. 
Definitely no chance for that.

I agreed to find ways to return you to your own world intact, and you shall be returned."  For a moment, the thickness seemed to relax, and Hanson choked a few words out through it.
I agreed that I would discover a way to return you to your own world, but I didn't agree to anything else."

The owner will feign amazement at such an insultingly low price, and discourse at length on the quality of the work, but will eventually suggest a lower price.
The owner grew up in a haggling culture.

for a while i was doing it every day just
I was working out every day for awhile.

At last I do.
After all this time I certainly do.

If anything should arise, I shall be glad to advise you in any way I can." His words gave Tuppence an extraordinarily desolate feeling.
"Stay in touch," the door shut and along with it any hope that Tuppence could resolve this situation. 

that's right you take pride in that and and get some some positive feedback from those who benefit besides yourself
right, you feel proud when you look at something you built yourself

They even agree that this would be a big mistake.
Unlike on most matters, they are agreed that this is the wrong thing to do.

In the absence of an audit report, auditors should also write a memorandum for the record that summarizes the results of the work to the date of termination and explains why the audit was terminated.
In the absence of an audit report, there will always be a legitimate reason why.

and uh i i was appalled at what the hell they were paying them i just couldn't believe it
I took my business elsewhere after that.

Sounded as to the possibility of suicide, he repudiated it utterly. 
He was quite sure that this was a murder.

oh okay well you worked with a whole bunch of friends of mine then
You seem to have worked along side a bunch of my mates before

The Ligurian coast that holidaymakers have dubbed the Italian Riviera has an ancient history of piracy and commerce, not always easily distinguishable.
The Ligurian coast is ashamed of its sordid history of piracy.

Data reliability refers to the accuracy and completeness of computerprocessed data, given the intended purposes for use.
Data must be proven to be reliable before it is used.

However, much of the beautiful artwork found here is, for the moment, in the archaeological museum in Athens.
The main art style presented here is impressionist.

The Company destroyed the Portuguese fleet and took over the protection of the Muslim pilgrimage ships to Mecca, but there were no hard feelings; the Portuguese made a gift of Bombay to King Charles II in 1661 as part of the dowry of Catherine of Braganza.
The Portuguese knew it was better to befriend rather than continue to fight a more powerful adversary.

I must go now they will be waiting for me." She hurried out.
The people waiting for her are very important.

And now pharmaceutical giant Warner-Lambert has jumped in with Hall's Zinc Defense, a lozenge backed by a national TV-ad campaign.
The benefits of Hall's Zinc Defense lozenges are exactly as claimed by the manufacturer.

uh okay go ahead yeah i understand the topic this morning is uh our policy in Latin America and you know what we've been doing down there so i don't know
You've been down there in Latin America for quite some time, you should know the policy from my understanding.

'And the driver's seat?'
Is the drivers seat leather?

But Italy's largest and eastern-most lake is actually shaped more like a banjo, 52 km (32 miles) from the ruggedly romantic cliffs of the neck down to its broad sound box, 18 km (11 miles) acrose surrounded by rolling green hills and gardens.
Italy's eastern-most lake is surrounded by tall cliffs, green hills, and valleys filled with yellow flowers.

yeah i don't i don't know how the Peace Corps works i guess i was of age when the Peace Corps came in and all that
I briefly thought about joining the Peace Corps.

The most popular boat trip from Stresa is to the Borromean Islands (Isole Borromee) (the 5-star hotel in Stresa of the same name was the setting for Hemingways' Farewell to Arms), celebrated for their Baroque palazzi and magnificent gardens.
The Borromean Islands are best known for their Baroque palazzi, elegant restaurants, and beautiful gardens.

Moreover, tough, mean men enjoy high social status, which attracts women and helps the men get genes into the next generation.
Tough guys have more babies than weak men.

and so we don't it's harder to think about the poor people that have suffered that way
The poor people can barely afford food and clothes.

Meanwhile, the French are scaling back to a 35-hour workweek.
The work week is a lot shorter there.

um i think i would rate probably a seven
It's not good enough to be an eight.

Popular support for the costly restoration was inspired by Victor Hugo's novel, The Hunchback of Notre-Dame.
Victor Hugo was also the author of the classic, Les Miserables.

never have seen it
Haven't watched the news yet. 

States will also be freed from the hodgepodge of regulations that currently cause gaps in coverage as mothers move among home, training, and work.
Regulations are good for society.

Less lucky than the one at Orange, the Roman theater (th??atre antique) has been reduced to ruins over the centuries, as builders carted away masonry for their houses, churches, and town walls ' but the remains, in a pleasant park, are quietly eloquent of its noble past and its stage still rings during the Arles Festival (July).
The Roman theater was reduced to ruins after centuries of neglect and bad weather.

Draw a chair up to the table, that's right.
Bring that brown chair to the table. 

and i i've noticed more and more i would say over the last six months
There hasn't been a change in how often it happens, I think I just didn't see it before.

They were a quiet bunch of strong miners.
The strong miners were a quiet bunch because they were hiding.

I wish they'd left me dead after the plant blew up.
I shouldn't have survived the plant blowing up.

This architectural renaissance in Edinburgh was followed by an intellectual flowering in the sciences, philosophy, and medicine that revolutionized Western society in the late 18th century and saw the city dubbed the  Athens of the North.  
In 1763, Edinburgh was dubbed the Athens of the North. 

I was glad to see highway speed limits increased to 65 miles per hour, even knowing the greater dangers of crashing.
I was happy the speed limit raised on the roads I drive on.

The resources and responsibilities do not meet the criteria for assets and liabilities that are required to be reported in the financial statements but are, nonetheless, important to an understanding of the operations and financial condition of the Federal Government at the date of the financial statements and in subsequent periods.
These items used to be ignored, and this led to some significant mismanagement of government funds.

The simplest explanation is always the most likely."
The simplest explanation is often the correct one for a health problem.

well we had a real mild winter here though
Our winters aren't bad. 

Only two existing studies provide defensible monetary estimates of the value of visibility
The estimates provided by these studies is lower than the actual number.

Other than the snippets of concert footage and a few curious glimpses, it's a mishmash of drug-addled camera confusion.
The video was made worse by abhorrent and jarring editing.

A smart buyer is one who retains the requisite technical knowledge to accurately define the technical services needed, recognizes value during the acquisition of such technical services, and can evaluate the quality of services ultimately provided.
A smart buyer retains the technical knowledge to define the services they need, despite how fast technology can change.

overwhelms in every way.
It's so overwhelming that it can cause anxiety.

Try Bally's for the latest selection; after all, they manufacture them.
The only manufacturer of the latest selection is Bally's.

The man's sword sat on the ground nearby.
The man had placed his sword on the ground. 

On the other hand, the simplest and always tempting solution to conflict-of-interest concerns is to take a pass on some Microsoft-related topics that you would otherwise treat.
The Microsoft-related topics are the hardest.

Wide walkways have plenty of room for shoppers, and there are splendid views of the castle all along its length.
More people use the walkway for shopping than for looking at the castle.

Which is jus' about as straight thinkin' as kickin' a loaded polecat on th' tail end.
He always does such ridiculous things that don't make sense.

I am Jacob White.
My father was Jacob White Sr. 

Today the Museo Sefardi (Sephardic Museum) is attached to Samuel Levi's synagogue, with exhibits of medieval tombs, scrolls, and vestments.
The museum is only open once a week.

 "Kitchell!"Hunt Rennie repeated the name and nodded.
Kitchell was the man who robbed the cafe, Hunt Rennie confirmed it. 

uh-huh well i do fairly good until i go in the store and i see something i want
I do well until I see something at the store I want and then I blow my budget.

oh it was extremely hot i thought i was going to die my car i thought it was going die last summer but
Last summer was one of the hottest summers I have ever experienced.

The routes which are unprofitable are dispersed across the country in a great number of cities.
The cities each have one route.

Syria responded by asking radical Palestinian groups in Damascus to end their attacks on Israel.
Syria pleaded with the radicals but they were not heard. 

Asian-style restaurant, English pub, and a coffee shop.
One of the restaurants has amazing sushi chefs.

There was a body-guard in the driver's seat.
A man of great size and stern countenance sat in the driver's seat.

The very luridness of the mask preserved as much distance as it bridged.
The mask preserved the length of the bridige

He noted that alcohol screening in the ED is currently being discussed on the ethics circuit.
Professionals believe that there is a moral concern regarding the use of alcohol screening in the ED.

Indeed, the laws of natural selection probably work against athletes these  Given the rigors of training schedules, it is possible that today's top athletes have fewer children than average.
Top athletes usually only have one or two children.

Practice Makes  Both members of the NewsHour With Jim Lehrer team (Mark Shields and Paul Gigot) double dribble this weekend.
Gigot and Shields have been a team for ten years.

um-hum but it it worked for them but uh you're right they they kind of
They tried many things before they found what worked.

Also, it was almighty cold.
It was so cold that there was ice.

At the start of the new millennium, Edinburgh is once again wielding true political power on behalf of its fellow  The  Scotland Act,  passed in November 1998, transferred control of domestic policy from London back to the Scots for the first time since 1707.
Since passage of The Scotland Act in 1998, London has not interfered in Scotland's domestic policy agenda. 

 Funding Trends and Opportunities to Improve Investment Decisions
Investing in smaller companies can be beneficial.

The little beasts carved on the balconies and ?­elsewhere around the cha?­teau are the royal family's personal em?­blems ' including Louis XII's porcupine, Fran?­cois I's salamander, and Anne de Bre?­tagne's ermine.
The carvings were placed during the reign of Anne de Bretagne.

Years ago, the tourists took snapshots.
The tourists used to take pictures but no longer do. 

 "That is your privilege."Topham nodded.
Topham agreed that it was his privilege because he felt that it was what is right.

Dexter, who had spent most of his professional career as a music producer and promoter, was the one who realized that the family was sitting on a valuable  the collected works of Martin Luther King Jr.
Dexter's background in the music business, in addition to his being a big fan of Martin Luther King Jr., was vital to him discovering that the family was sitting on a valuable collection.

The reality of ownership affects Slate in a couple of ways, we think.
Slate is affected by the reality of ownership, we think, but I don't agree.

Developing alternative interpretations of findings and testing through search for confirming and disconfirming evidence until one hypothesis is confirmed and others ruled out
Making conclusions that have never been considered to reach a hypothesis.

License to Steal; Why Fraud Plagues America's Health Care System
The fraud is causing a lot of repairable damage.

Even so, O King! 
Of course, O King!

Why did they think we were here? 
Why did they think we were at the castle?

Take shifts and don't fall asleep.
Do not fall asleep or the demons will get you.

It is equivalent to CBO's NIPA projection for Transfers, Grants, and Subsidies less Health, OASDI, and other discretionary spending.
The program for disadvantaged youth will cost the same as NIPA.

Statewide Conferences on the Delivery of Legal Services were held in November 1998 and January 2000.
They wanted to switch to an annual conference.

The Belgian who is here? 
Why is there a Belgian here?

Stand on either of the circular paving stones set between the square's twin 17th-century fountains and the red granite Egyptian obelisk to appreciate the harmony of the quadruple rows of Doric columns, so perfectly aligned that they seem like a single row.
The harmonious nature of the rows has made it a sight known for promoting inner peace.

Much of this systematization of care has clearly been to public benefit.
The systematization of care has helped the public get improved access.

We also will leverage new teams to focus on external issues important to our many stakeholders, and on methodological issues, and strategic studies.
We can get new teams to focus on external issues that affect those who own our stock.

She was moaning softly and it was worse than hearing her scream.
She was in so much pain that she was moaning softly, which was worse than hearing her scream

Engaging Employee Unions Involving employee unions, as well as involving employees directly, is crucial to achieving success.
Success is built upon employee relationships and the unions that guide them.

In keeping with their role as advisors and facilitators, most of the security managers said that they relied significantly on auditors to test controls.
One could say these security managers are failing to show initiative.

in uh games and stuff because of uh
In games and other stuff mostly.

The northerner drew a long thin blade from his belt and examined it.
The northerner looked a blade he took out from his weapons belt.

These resorts are a welcome escape from the heat of the city in summer and offer many activities.
The resorts are popular with local residents who want a break from the heat.

Exhibit 4 Human Health Effects of Air Pollutants
The last exhibit concerns the effect of air pollutants on human health.

warm i guess so
Warm bread, I guess

He was aware of movement behind him.
There was a mouse moving right behind him.

and i don't know why they do that do you have any reason do you know of any reason why they do that
I really do not like when they do that.

Sir James had drawn a watch from his pocket.
Sir James looked at his pocket watch.

In 1995, Dole introduced legislation to impose trade sanctions on Colombia, Ecuador, and Costa Rica--but not Honduras, where Dole's favorite bananas are grown.
The pineapple brand Dole had ulterior motives to lobby for the legislation, most having to do with suppliers in countries not included in the sanctions.

FDA determined that, because this rule imposes no mandates on government entities and will result in expenditures of less that $100,000,000 in any one year, that no further analysis is needed under the Unfunded Mandates Reform Act.
The FDA determined the expenditures were too low to require analysis.

This season, they sense Bird's trust.
They can sense his trust during the winter. 

And someday he'll try to push the wrong man " Don Cazar was staring ahead of him now at Drew and Shiloh.
Don Cazar was looking at Drew and Shiloh because he wanted them to know he was talking about them.

Dean Bridge carries the main road over the Water; it was designed and built by Thomas Telford, one of Scotland's greatest civil engineers.
Dean Bridge is approximately 150 feet long as is 20 years old. 

The Ditch Is Back
It is a bad pun but it makes a good title for a report on digging trenches.

These include coastal cruises and a glass-bottomed boat trip to view the colorful fish and marine plant life.
SCUBA divers and mermaids can also be seen from the boat.

Instead they're busy scrounging for funds to spread good care more widely.
They rather be scrounging funds for themselves than good care.

well i can't think of anything else really about the polls or voting
I am struggling to come up with the next talking point.

those events were always free
The free events were the best ones anyway.

Upstairs is the impressive Long Room, or Old Library, opened in 1732.
The stairs leading up the Long Room are very steep. 

Across the river on the west bank are the remains of other temples, and more importantly, the burial places of the great Pharaohs of Ancient Egypt, hidden in a slender valley beyond the narrow fertile river plain.
The temples are the most important features on the west bank.  

No people more joyfully live up to their legendary image than the Italians.
All Italian people joyfully live up to their image.

Meanwhile, as all available evidence suggests that nighttime feeding is natural, Ferber asserts the opposite.
Ferber asserts that nighttime feeding is not natural for our species.

However, because the determination of abuse is so subjective, auditors are not expected to provide reasonable assurance of detecting it.
The determination of abuse is very subjective to those involved in the organization.

preempt state and local laws to the extent such laws are inconsistent with this rule.
State and local laws will be amended to align with this rule.

Johnny warn't more'n four o' thereabouts when Don Cazar went back to Texas an' got him.
Johnny was twelve years old when he escaped.

An interesting building towards the rear is the Festival Hall of Tutmoses III.
There are a number of buildings in the area.

Black stones formed a ring around a platform of carved rock.
The platform was for sacrificing things to the guys.

Remember, there is no danger of the winner's curse if you are sure about the value of an item to you . In that situation, the auction device serves its proper purpose of putting the item in the hands of whoever values it the most.
It's assumed, of course, that you'll do your research on what reasonable prices would look like in these circumstances.

but you know every week it gets harder because i could go out and be making money
Every week there's more pressure and tighter deadlines, and I could be getting money from somewhere else. 

9 There are many types of electronic signature technologies offering different degrees of confidence, control, and security.
The different technologies also come at a fair price for the consumer.

oh they are are and and and you know my twenty three year old she's a senior in college and she comes in now and she just loves to pick out the picture book we took a lot of pictures at the time dad do you remember that sixth grade team we had that year dad God we were great weren't we
My child has blonde hair and blue eyes.

Implementing Capital Planning and Information Technology Investment  An Assessment, Federal CIO Council, Capital Planning and IT Investment Committee, Best Practices Subcommittee, May 29, 1998.
There will be a seminar on this topic to complement the publication of this paper on May 29, 1998.

that's pretty much about the same time and i i built on two acres of land in a town called Cumberland Rhode Island
I used to own some land on Rhode Island.

The place is shut.
The place is shut because of authorities.

Most people of his generation know someone who avoided the draft in a less respectable way than Bush did.
Most people his age know someone who dodged the draft in really shady ways.

Our realignment is a critical component in improving our communications and outreach with the Congress and ensuring that we continue to maintain and foster ways to help the Congress meet its responsibilities.
Congress is doing a poor job at its responsibilities, which means we need to work harder to assist.

LSC's vice president for programs, Randi Youells rejected that suggestion and adopted the plan merging Passaic and Bergen and Hudson.
The 3 separate plans would never have worked on their own.

Designed by Robert Trent Jones, the course has stupendous views from the mountains to the sea below as its backdrop.
The course was designed with stupendous views in mind.

Walcott's faith, as expressed in The Bounty, is finally a painter's faith, that the poet's job is to write of the light's bounty on familiar things.
The Bounty contains a number of ideas about the faith of lots of people.

Ohio University students cleaned off their porches last February when the Athens, Ohio, city council outlawed the use of indoor furniture out-of-doors.
The City Council was seeking to prevent litter and the possibility of bed bugs.

Lincoln looked up.
Something was flying overhead.

uh i graduated in eighty six
After graduation I got a job.

Your mother keeps well? I asked. 
I hope your mother is doing well. 

Site of the stoic town hall (Palazzo Vecchio or della Signoria) since 1299, the square bustles in all seasons, not least because it leads to the richest of Italy's art museums, the Uffizi.
The Palazzo Vecchio attracts more people year round than any other region in Italy.

It was ordered by letter, and a postal order was enclosed. 
He sent a hefty gratuity along with his order.

But this year for the first time, the Council is proposing shifting more than $20 million in funds earmarked by the Mayor for 18-B lawyers to the Legal Aid Society, which would increase its total funding to $80.
The previous year, the Legal Aid Society total yearly funding was $60.

The Townies have been going to school in Washington forever, and they hate the popular newcomer who has displaced them in prestige.
The Townies once had the highest prestige in the country.

yeah it takes it's just that it takes longer to get the same effect yeah but
When it takes longer it is difficult to stay motivated.

Such is their exuberance and rapture that real outbreaks of violence can occur.
The violent outbreaks are quickly contained.

Bronfman doesn't, at least not yet.
It is unlikely that Bronfman will later.

A short walk over the hill brings you to Krassi Beach, renowned as a nude beach and renamed Banana Beach by local people, for obvious reasons!
Only adults are allowed onto Krassi Beach.

Neither Spielberg, nor screenwriter David Koepp, nor Michael Crichton, on whose novel the movie is based, have shown any interest in challenging the moralistic assumption at the heart of almost every creature  That good intentions, spunkiness and, above all, good looks are the safeguards against rampaging monsters.
Spielberg doesn't care for morals, he simply wants to make good movies.

Did she have that every night?"
Did she take that every single day after dusk?"

Nema sighed and turned her eyes away.
Nema sighed and looked away from the carnage.

Clive's example in Calcutta set the pattern for territorial control around the country.
Clive's method proved to be effective everywhere it was used.

It was begun in the ninth century, with its massive bronze doors crafted in Constantinople and added in the 11th century, and the facade added in the 13th, when the remains of St. Andrew the Apostle were brought to its crypt from Constantinople.
It took 400 years to complete the construction.

Don't leave without trying the pommes sarladaises, thin-sliced potatoes saut??ed in goose fat with garlic and parsley.
Pommes sarladaises are not eaten in the morning.

It is published and made available by EPA's Office of Research and Development to assist the user community and to link researchers with their clients.
The EPA publishes the reports so that clients can have access to researchers.

Here the Carthaginians, and later the Romans, buried their dead with respectful ritual (see also pages 14-15).
It was a respectful ritual.

that's cold water around there
The water is cold around there but it is much warmer over here. 

The nuns in question fled here from Santa Clara Convent in the 16th century to escape raiding pirates.
The Santa Clara Convent had many defenses and secret passageways. 

Will that suit you?"
Do you think that's worth your time?

He has disappointed conservatives by treating rent control as part of natural law, and by making no serious inroads on the city's bloated labor costs.
Only 25% of conservatives approved of his treatment of rent control.

part part of the problem too i think up here is i mean um
One part of the issue is how we deal with phone calls.

yeah  tell me about it tell me  my lucky husband's putting two of us through isn't he lucky
My husband is putting two of us through college. 

Our reviews over the past 20 years have consistently found that DOD's weapon system acquisitions take much longer and cost much more than originally anticipated, causing disruptions to the department's overall investment strategy and significantly reducing its buying power.
We received the DOD's weapons systems acquisitions once per month for the past 20 years. 

Reviewing and testing the security features in both commercially developed software that was being considered for use and internally developed software prior to its being moved into production.
They aren't as thorough as they should be in their review. 

oh definitely definitely it was a learning experience uh now we i guess we camped just about every public campground in the state of Florida
All of the public campgrounds in Florida are very safe.

In FY 2000, Bay Legal was the recipient of a $175,235 LSC Technology Initiative Grant.
It was the largest grant that Bay Legal had received to date.

uh  just about anything you would want in Texas as a gardener is here just around us you know
Texas gardeners get to plant a large variety of plants year round.

yeah yeah i do think that that uh i do think the jury system works but i'd i also feel as you said that the original concept of the jury as it was originally setup uh back uh in a hundred years ago was fine but that it needs to be more refined for today's standard of living and the the uh level of education of them of so many people now
There is no other system except trial by jury.  

She called Legal Aid after months of wrangling with federal bureaucrats who denied her request for financial help -- about $6,000 a year -- to provide speech therapy for her 2-year-old son, who was born with autism.
Legal Aid helped her get free speech therapy for her son.

A Comparison of the Burden of Universal Service in Italy and the United States.
We compared the burden of universal service in Italy to it in the US, and it was 40% higher in the US.

In spite of its prestigious sponsorship, the company ceased operations in 1996.
The company went bankrupt in 1996.

Under an interpretation that the alien must be physically present when the representation commenced, an alien who was temporarily outside the United States would be barred from obtaining legal services representation on
Many legal experts object to this interpretation, saying that it is unjust.

With any related questions, call Barbara Johnson, focal point for data reliability issues, at (202) 512-3663, or Barry Seltser, the Acting Director of GAO's Center for Design, Methods, and Analysis, at (202) 512-3234.
Questions will only be answered via phone call to either Barbara Johnson or Barry Seltser.

If it could, the auditors should extend the audit steps and procedures, as necessary, (1) to determine if the abuse occurred and (2) if so, to determine its effect on the audit results.
The auditors should extend the audit steps to be sure there is not abuse affecting the patterns depicted 

Paula Jones attended the White House Correspondents Association Dinner , as did President Clinton.
The important politicians attended the dinner 

Near the town of Anchovy, Rocklands Bird Sanctuary offers a fascinating close-up encounter with the birds of Jamaica.
Rocklands Bird Sanctuary is a popular destination for tourists.

However, postponing intervention to the follow-up visit poses great logistical problems.
Logistical problems are a nightmare to deal with when interventions are postponed.  

The Survey of Consumer Finances is a triennial survey of U.S. families sponsored by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve with the cooperation of the Department of Treasury.
The survey was used to determine the most popular favorite colors.

how do you prove someone has eaten French fries
A good way to determine if french fries were eaten is to inspect one's teeth for potato in between. 

Because Julius Hersheimmer is Mr. Brown, said Sir James dryly.
Julius Hersheimmer pretended to be someone called Brown. 

Apparently, none of these members received donations they could link to the Chinese government, though Feinstein did return a $12,000 check brought in by Huang.
Huang sent Feinstein a check after a riveting speech on world hunger.

Hundreds of hotels have sprung up along the sandy beaches, and these have been followed by restaurants, bars, and shops, making today's Sharm El-Sheikh not just a diving destination but a true tourist resort.
Sharm El-Sheikh has gotten millions of dollars in investments, that's why they were able to transform it into a true tourist resort.

In focusing the show almost entirely on technique, the organizers of  Beyond Impressionism have followed the lead of Degas himself, who steadily eliminated from his work any reference to contemporary life, preferring an artificial world of studio props and pliable models.
Degas was praised by many art critics for detaching his work from reference to contemporary works. 

that can be a disadvantage to the kids
It's a big distraction for junior high age kids.

Kovalam also has surfing, but be careful of strong currents.
The strong currents can be hard to surf.

The brilliant and little faded background of intense red to this day is still called Pompeiian red. 
The shade of red is completely unique and only seen in Pompeii.

Well, we will find him, said Gabriel.
Gabriel said we would find the bank robber. 

Its great landmark is the Church/Abbey of the Dormition.
The church is filled with stained glass windows and beautiful sculptures. 

He sank on to the bed and gave himself up to reflection.
The bed he sank on to was very comfortable. 

But Sam Peckinpah's The Wild Bunch (1969) features existentially disillusioned outlaws going out in a montage of bloody chaos, Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid (1969) is an outlaw buddy film, and Dances With Wolves (1990) attempts to revise entirely the concepts of both order and the west.
Dances With Wolves was a much more popular film than The Wild Bunch.

If you haven't filled it out yet, click here for the survey.
The survey asks about purchasing habits.

Any one of a dozen barbers will be happy to give you a shave and a haircut under the banyan tree and you'll get a good deal of local gossip in the bargain.
People feel serene under the tree, and it adds to the environment. 

Now it's only news on screen.
Everything has been taken off except the news shows.

The donation
The donation in the amount of .... dollars.

Hell, even you could fight better than that, Ca'daan.
Ca'daan said the fighter was the worst he'd seen.

What was that? 
I think it might be something.

Penn plays the same trick in reverse, by inventing Suburban Values Democrats, who care primarily about better, safer schools, safer streets, and the need for strengthening traditional family values.
Penn invented Suburban Values Democrats as a response to Republicans.

it's handy
It's useful information to know.

The Post notes the deep disappointment in Malaysia over the no-show by President Clinton, who stayed home to cope with the Iraqi crisis and sent Vice President Al Gore instead.
Malaysia was disappointed by President Clinton's no-show because he was one of their favorite politicians.

very simple give uh uh uh government employees the average number of of uh holidays as the uh
Government employees don't appreciate the amount of holidays they get.

One is called El-Kas ( The Cup ), a circular fountain with a pool fitted at the bottom with spigots and seats.
El-Kas is meant for people to cool off on a hot day.

I will tell Stark to pay special attention to your little one, the little bitch with the red hair.
The girl with the red hair is your daughter.

But then she is also reported to have heard Andrew Jackson's ribald laughter coming from her bed in the Rose Bedroom.
She had a close relationship with Andrew Jackson.

Of course I may be simply making an awful ass of myself, but I don't think so.
There are very few people who would disagree.

He should have been the golden sword.
He should have been given the golden sword.

Once on Santorini, visitors are usually surprised to see, beyond the high steep caldera to the east, coastal plains that are covered in a blanket of vines.
Santorini is a large island located near the southern tip of Italy.

The programming is less wonderful.
Dish Network's programming is not that great.

(He's well on his  The Associated Press reported this week that two airplanes bought by his Operation Blessing to fly aid to impoverished Zairians were used instead to service Robertson's Zairian diamond mines.)
Servicing the diamond mines was a more lucrative option to them.

Employment in the construction sector grew by 49.
That was a 49% increase.

For example, the high efficiency air conditioners in the commercial sector are assumed to cost less than in scenario A. This encourages a greater rate of market penetration as electricity prices rise in response to the emissions caps.
Air conditioners in the commercial sector are supposed to cost less than in scenario A because they are more efficient.

Ca'daan could see tufts of hair still caked on the head of the hammer.
Ca'daan saw bloody hair on the hammer.

Therefore, the entire service cost is recognized as a cost to the employer entity and imputed to it.
The service cost accounts for a third of the cost incurred by the employer.

Factors outside the control or influence of management can affect the entity's ability to achieve all of its goals.
If the entity tries hard enough, it can achieve its goals regardless of outside influence.

yeah i guess about a year and so i missed her pregnancy and everything you know and when they took it off i have never called a station before or complained or anything when they took it off the air here i called the station and complained i said
The station did not seem to care about the pregnancy situation.

If we do define SBIR upfront, we make the reading more understandable and more efficient.
There are ways to make the reading more understandable, provided we work for it.

and having a much better relationship with their children than my husband ever did because he left home at five thirty in the morning and he got home at six fifteen
My husband did not get a lot of time to be with the children.

Lightning exploded from my hand, and struck the joint.
The lightning flew out of my hand and started a fire.

how long have you taught taught Dallas schools
How long have you taught history here?

yeah it would be a good experience and you'd be helping people i'm sure very much and and i i mean not to put not to trivialize the problems of any immigrant group but i do know the Asian groups are having a lot of trouble i mean and part of the problem is that a lot of Chinese and Japanese immigration from you know decades ago has been very successful because they valued education and so forth they became a very successful immigrant group
Chinese and Japanese immigrants in this current era aren't successful anymore. 

This is the logical result of increased control costs and permit prices.
Permit prices increasing has an impact on recreational services.

The play recounts Wilde's downfall, says USA Today 's David Patrick Stearns, with the inevitability and much of the monumentality of a Greek tragedy.
The play about Wilde was published in the 1980s.

They are not all-inclusive and may not include particular control activities that an agency may need.
Many agencies are unhappy with the lack of access to controls that they already need.

In the crypt you can see a forest of heavy, rough stone pillars supporting the upper church, and displays that include stocks dating from 1670, medieval carved stones, and an odd exhibit a mummified cat and a rat, found in the organ pipes.
The crypt has a reliquary on display.

Not for any length of time, said Tommy.
Not beyond the briefest moment, said Tommy.

yes die because it all depends
yeah die, an unhealthy diet is not good

We had approximately 400 cases in Butler County last year.
Butler county had more cases than other nearby counties. 

yeah this is this is kind of a fun project i've done i've done some of the other speech programs but we've never got to talk to another person it was always just talking to the computer so this is a little different
This project is fun because I get to talk to a lot of other people instead of just a computer.

yeah uh-huh yeah that's one way to do it because that that forces you to pay for it instead of saying well i'll just pay on it this month and
Paying it just one month is easier, though.

The Afghanistan invasion vanquished the myth of Soviet military invincibility and aroused the popular mistrust of the army that persists today.
The people were scared of the government officials.

Only twenty, disappointed Rafik asked.
Rafik asked, Only twenty today?

Should I announce the arrest openly at Styles, or not? 
I don't know if they public needs to know of the arrest of such a beloved townsman, but maybe I should let them know, right?

The approach to the house must have been truly spectacular at that time, but today you must drive with a little care, as its condition is a bit rough.
By little rough, I mean the land is tornado stricken daily.

As I said, I don't want to suggest that Bill Gates isn't a generous person nor even that his giving doesn't represent considerable sacrifice on his part (though it must be nice to be able to give that kind of money away).
Bill Gates is generous because he gives away billions of dollars.

Shades of Pelmanism! said Tommy, and relapsed into silence.
Uncharacteristically, Tommy cried out, "Shades of Pelmanism!", and then and relapsed into silence.

No, we simply reincarnated you by pooling our magic.
It was difficult to reincarnate you, even with our combined magic.

Changes in FGD technology and reliability have resulted in planning for smaller and fewer absorbers per retrofit installation.
Although smaller in size, current FGD designs are less expensive to produce.

The High-Minded Dismissal.
They were dismissed 

Mr. Danvers had told me to watch out.
Mr. Danvers told me to beware of rattlesnakes. 

The first kabuki theater was built in on this site in 1889.
It is the first kabuki theater in the world.

Just one quick nanosecond glance at her, just one moment of discomfort, and the grand jury will see it.
A glance at her would imply they know more then they are letting on.

Newsweek runs its seventh health cover story of the year.
Newsweek publishes twelve health cover stories every year.

The palace-fortresses were built with granite from the surrounding hills, and with the same dazzling marble used for the Taj Mahal.
The palace-fortresses were also built in the same architectural style as the Taj Mahal.

Sainte-Marie houses a Rum Museum with documents and equipment going back to 1765, as well as a fascinating new Banana Museum. 
The Rum Museum's most popular attraction is the 1785 rum still.

yep yep they're absolutely relentless
They will not stop pursuing their goal.

Since the rule was determined to be potentially economically significant,1 HUD prepared an Economic Analysis, which was also reviewed by OMB.
The economic impact of this particular rule would have come down on animal testing labs, which keep their costs lowered by not inflating the amount of animal testing regulations that are already present in the scientific field. 

Nearby, next to the southern bus station, is the archaeological museum.
The museum shows artifacts from the Revolutionary War.

UDC President Julius Nimmons Jr. worries that the move will demoralize a school, which, like the District itself, is just beginning to recover from a fiscal crisis.
UDC is a good school.

Keep away, she had said to him.
He took a few steps back. 

The Logorrheic Dismissal.
I think that's called the Logorrheic Dismissal.

works pretty good then
That works well for everyone involved then.

Following is a summary of stewardship data for the program entitled, Transition Training for Former Navy Contractor Personnelo, for the 5 fiscal years ending September 30, 199V through 199
Following is a summary of school data.

Old Madrid's centerpiece is its splendid, porticoed and sun-glazed Plaza Mayor.
The most impressive feature of Old Madrid is called Plaza Mayor. 

um-hum yeah yeah i usually um you know i get Usenet so i usually just uh look at the recipe groups in there uh for interesting things
Online groups are interesting sources of new recipes.

uh right now i'm just sewing for myself i i do have two daughters that you know out they're they're grown now though i wish that i had started sewing you know when they were younger
I'm just sewing for myself but I should have learned years ago to save money on kids' clothes.

no it doesn't it doesn't they just get out you know there was a thing on
They just get out of jail for no reason.

I was so bent on playing the part of Janet Vandemeyer that my nerves began to play me tricks.
I practiced for several hours in hopes that I would get the part.

At the north end you come upon the Casino (a private club, not a gambling establishment), with spirited turn-of-the century decor.
The Casino has turn-of-the century decor and it is very modern.

uh-huh so she took it with her yeah don't blame her
I would have done the exact same thing.

6 percent in 1997.NHH-to-NHH (business mail) is the only sector of First-Class Mail that has experienced healthy growth in the 90s.
Sectors other than the Business Mail sector of First-Class Mail remained stable in the 90s.

The Irish News of Belfast led its front page Thursday with the news that President Clinton will meet more than 100 members of the new Northern Ireland assembly next Thursday.
President Clinton will visit Britain after Ireland.

A prospector he had grub-staked, found the Oro Cruz, one of the richest mines in the Tubacca hills.
A prospector found the Oro Cruz in the Tubacca hills by luck.

yeah well maybe you need to unload it on somebody else
Maybe you need to tell someone else all your troubles with your landlords.

yeah like pay the payroll and yeah basically payroll
You have to pay the payroll and basically every month you're going to be safe

Female athletes like them and Hamm have always had to shoulder the added freight of having to invent themselves.
Hamm and her teammates feel a lot of pressure from their fans to be great.

3) All it takes is one fool--and there are plenty of them--to pay him the money anyway, thereby accelerating the madness.
He will accept the money payment with pleasure.

Originally built on an island in the Nile, it was already semi-submerged following the building of the first Aswan Dam in 1900.
The Nile has five islands.

(In column 1, compare line 2 and line 5).
Line 2 and line 5 must be compared in column 1, and then another exercise must be completed in order to get the full mark.

Some violent emotion seemed to be mastering him. 
He often had violent emotions get the better of him.

What had induced the deceased to make a fresh will, with the old one still extant, he could not say. 
He suspected that the deceased had become aware of his nephew's betrayal.

I mean, the magicians want somebody whom they can't just call back--direct translation of the body usually messes up the brain patterns enough to make the thinkers hard to use, especially with the sky falling.
They needed to preserve every last able-minded individual to stem off the coming disaster.

yes right well i've always had big dogs before never had a little dog before and
I prefer to have dogs that are on the larger side.

And, when he could, would bite.
He enjoys biting.

A budget is not a mere political  Whether by design or inadvertence, it's the end product of politics, the actual blueprint for government's role in society.
There is little room in a governmental budget to hem and haw. It is solid foundation for political choices. 

They then fit VSL as a function of age and extrapolate outside the range of the data to obtain ratios for the very old.
This is a simple math problem.

A matter of considerable discussion in the United States concerns whether the (noshift) own-price elasticity of workshared volume is greater than that of basic volume, as these two categories are now constituted.
Workshared volume of own-price elasticity is more important than the basic volume in working out price.

Many people do not have the option of going to France outside the main holiday periods ' Easter, July, and August.
The busiest month for tourism in France is July.

This letter may be augmented by a verbal communication.
The letter is three pages long.

Toni Morrison's Paradise continues to divide critics.
The location of Toni Morrison's Paradise is divisive among certain critics.

Here you can try your hand at animation or be a TV star; hang-glide over fabulous desert landscapes; sample wines, tortillas and sourdough; visit the Muppets or a boardwalk; ride a looping rollercoaster or thrilling river rapids.
Most of the wines in this place are not worth sampling.

Guess whoever did it thought Johnny was wolf meat, jus' took his hoss an' left him there.
Whoever did it didn't know Johnny survived, though.

Las Vegas was no longer a small pioneer settlement.
Las Vegas began as a town for gambling.

Disciplined Reviews and Stakeholder Agreements Supported the Capture of Design Knowledge
Stakeholders often try to capture design knowledge using a series of clever traps.

We want something against him badly to prevent the Cabinet falling on his neck too freely.
We've had a hard time finding anything we can use against him.

In fact, the high court once became embroiled in a dispute with the auditor general's office over whether the auditor could examine IOLTA funds because they were not in a state account.
The dispute was settled to everyone's satisfaction.

He poured some more, because he had spilled before, and now he spilled again, and then he had enough and went behind the mixing vat to recline for a while and forget about his 83 kilograMs.  He was stirred to life by the drone of the secretary's voice:
He was drunk and kept spilling his alcohol.

However, I feel constrained to respond.
I feel pressured into responding, though I'm glad I am finally addressing this issue.

Rush Hour, the first real Jackie Chan picture crafted for the American market, is a terrific piece of junk filmmaking.
Jackie Chan made many films for other countries before Rush Hour.

Well, that's my position.
That's where I play on the field

Table 4 displays the relevant data.
The data shows an i rising trend.

well it's actually three hundred and forty for each one of the cars so
It's worth the price, since we don't have to maintain them.

The answer, which Bennett mentions only in passing, is that the teen-age fertility rate is down roughly 13 percent since 1990.
Bennett said the teen pregnancy rate was down more than anyone expected.

Bargaining
Discussing

Who, by the way, can also be made into a durable and attractive handbag.
That can also be made into a purse that can hold anything.

it's mind boggling
We'll hear the explanation later.

A meeting with the district's member of Congress has been scheduled, but I have no doubt how this will end.
I think this will end in the appointment being cancelled.

Las Vegas, like every good gambler, has worked hard to reinvent and renegotiate its future.
The city has proposed the expansion of its famous strip, and will be opening new mixed-use villages, casinos, and plenty of retail establishments.

Got a drop or two of petrol still, you see, he remarked. 
He was unaware of how much fuel remained. 

it's a frustrating game golf
When you just keep hitting it into the water or sand pits, golf is so frustrating. 

right yeah i'm in Dallas i didn't know that people from other parts of the country were doing this
My location is Dallas, I wasn't aware people that lived in New York and California were doing this.

and good luck on your moving and your garden  thanks
I hope your shifting goes without a hitch and your gardening plans will be realised. 

May I take your motor?"
"I am a valet."

How well they measure what they are trying to measure), but also on (1) the extent to which the risks being valued are similar, and (2) the extent to which the subjects in the studies are similar to the population affected by changes in pollution concentrations.
Study subjects are impacted much more than the general population.

Rivera pointed out that helping clients, many of whom are not native English speakers, becomes problematic as demands increase and funding to the Legal Services Corp. remains stagnant.
Rivera thinks there needs to be an increase in funding.

With a bit of luck, that girl might help me to get out of here.
Se had a key to unlock my cell.

 He had to depend on what was available, since magic couldn't produce any needed device and since the people here had depended on magic too long to develop the other necessary skills.
The people here could not help him with the science.

I walked a path that would lead once again to the place I was in before Vrenna came.
I brought my mind back to the time before Vrenna came.

Have we arrived? 
How long till we get there?

initial plans submitted by many governmental entities.
A huge pile of documents with initial plans submitted by governmental entities.

Robert Mitchum , and Charles Kuralt died.
Robert Mitchum , and Charles Kuralt died of overdoses.

To this end, BLM, FHWA, IRS, and VBA set expectations for senior executives to address employee perspectives in their individual performance plans and appraised their performance on the basis of the training provided to staff, safe and healthy work environment, teamwork, employee satisfaction, and fairness and diversity.
BLM does not expect senior executives to address what their employees said.

An idea struck me. 
I had an idea about hybrid engines.

But what?
But what are you talking about? Are you nuts?

 There was a pause.
A forty-eight hour pause ensued. 

Once Congress took up Starr's report, the electorate's hostility to the investigation shifted to the GOP.
Starr's report went to Congress and they started impeachment proceedings. 

Lord! he murmured ecstatically.
He believes in the Lord. 

Blood tells, always remember that, blood tells."
Blood tells in every case.

Unless, that is, there is competition that offers an exotic billing option known as the subscription or flat-price deal.
A competition with a subscription option would lock viewers into watching it.

In The Last Thing He Wanted , Didion the novelist finally gives in to the narrative urge.
Didion continues his narrative tendencies in future novels.

i mean they they uh go home and grade papers lesson plans prepare for the next day
They grade papers for three hours.

there's some one at the door so well i'm i'm going to listen we always
I am going to listen and eavesdrop on the person at the door at not answer it. 

i kind of i kind of stayed away from the TV for a couple of years when i first came up here so i you know there's a gap in my TV viewing but recently that's basically what i watch is Cheers and
I stayed away from TV when I first came up here because I was so busy.

that's that's uh that's real good we had uh we had organizations like that in college you know we had a community service group in college that had all sorts of different groups and some did like that some did elderly visits some did um
These community groups in college also included fundraisers for the poor.

yeah well thank you for calling i
"Thank you for contacting me about the cans."

There is no alternative to evolution, asserted Barry Lynn, executive director of Americans United for the Separation of Church and State, during a recent Fox News debate.
Barry Lynn is still open to other theories that compete with evolution.

I respectfully dissent.
I don't want any part of it. 

and there was a lot of protest even Robert Redford you know was protesting this guy's execution so the governor backed down and i was so mad the crime was horrible his crime was just horrible
There was a lot of protest at the guy's execution, but they were basing it on incorrect information.

Saved from the plant over-growth in the past two decades, 12 km (7 miles) from Ipoh is Kellie's Castle, a mansion whose construction was halted when its owner, William Kellie Smith, a rubber planter, died while visiting Scotland in the mid-1920s.
William Kellie Smith was unmarried.

i don't know what to do about it
There are a lot of variables I'm not prepared for. 

All right.
I will do it.

But that, of course, would require a considerable sacrifice from a substantial part of the citizenry.
There will be some people not ready to make the sacrifice.

the meatballs you just um after you form them fry them in a pan until they're
Just fry the meatballs in a pan, it's the best tasting way.

The SEC promulgates and enforces the registration requirements dealing with public companies.
The SEC manages some parts of private companies as well.

Krugman responded to my e-mail in his Dialogue with Galbraith (Who's the Real Economist?
The author had questions about economics.

a drinking water business uh yeah  yeah
The water is sold in bottles.

And then?
And afterwards, is that when it happened?

This new museum was built as an annex to the existing Royal Museum, a beautiful Victorian edifice with a large glass roof much like a glass house.
The roof was stained glass.

But they used the snetha-knife!
They had been trained in the art of knives. 

After 14 washings, the washed sets of clothing had lost significant amounts of color as compared with the unwashed control set.
Some washing machines are designed to help the clothes keep their color.

and i said well i'd love that but
I would like that except I don't have the time for it.

It is famous as the home of Europe's oldest university, established in the 10th century on the foundation of a renowned law school dating back even earlier to the 5th century, the end of the Roman empire.
Europe's oldest university of almost 1200 years old.

The river Canche flows right through the center of this small town, disappearing under buildings and hump-backed bridges.
The town has a big bridge that goes over the river.

because they both work and they uh he's a fireman so he's home two days a week that she teaches and would not be there so i don't know how she manages it but she keeps that a secret and i would not want to pay her monthly
He makes more as a fireman than she does as a teacher.  

that's true past a point it doesn't make any difference
It ultimately doesn't make any difference.

and uh they they do it on a random basis i'm not sure how they can guarantee that everybody is going to be tested within five years if it really is random
I wished they had a schedule for testing.

The Court says today, through an unprecedented (and indeed previously rejected) interpretation of the First Amendment, that we will not allow this restriction- and then, to add insult to injury, permits to stand a judgment that awards the general litigation funding that the statute does not contain.
The Court says that we can give funding even though the statue doesn't say that's true, which outraged Democrats

(something good!)
It is something good and beneficial.

Does Conyers have any evidence that could provide cause for investigation, wonders Brit Hume ( Fox News Sunday ). Well, no, that's actually what Reno is supposed to investigate.
Conyers have evidence that could provide cause for investigation.

Matrix of Categories A method of displaying relationships among themes in analyzing case study data that shows whether changes in categories or degrees along one dimension are associated with changes in the categories of another dimension.
The Matrix of Categories shows relationships among themes for categories.

GAO was preparing to go to court in September of this past year until the tragic events of September 11.
The GAO will be presenting their case at court at a later date.

Amusing roadside Americana is basically a bad restaurant in the shape of a big chicken.
Americana is amusing but it is a bad restaurant because their food is bland.

and i had the i think the other thing that a lot of kids would benefit from in high school is taking an aptitude test
I have a lot of ideas for what would be helpful, as well as the idea about the aptitude test.

i think we should have stayed longer
Maybe they were offended that we didn't stay till the end.

First, it would be to desirable to develop a separate estimate of the international mail revenues associated with outbound IC mail.
It would be good to develop an estimate of mail revenues on rural routes.

I proceeded to reason on that assumption. 
I assumed that the killer was on the train.

well you were in Peru
You liked Peru.  

Think instead about the discussion---the hand wringing--- that has been taking place since the fall of last year when the General Accounting Office unveiled an assessment prepared for the Postal Service by a Postal Service contractor concerning the extent to which transaction mail---First-Class mail---is likely to fall prey to electronic bill presentment and payment.
The largest area of fraud is associated with the first-class mail.

Though they each very often destroyed the work of their predecessors, the 20th-century city remains a fascinating compendium of India's imperial history.
The city was built in the winter of 1948.

Don't think it was sent after him. 
He said that he didn't need it to be sent.

His article describes profit maximization as if it were the central behavioral assumption of economics.
Maximizing profits is important to the economy.

Experiences of Other Federal Organizations
The Organizations have experiences.

If, as Banks normally assumes, any African-American academic who has an engagement with the fate of the race is part of the story, I am not sure why he thinks Professor Molefi K. Asante, who can make a reasonable claim to having invented Afrocentrism as an academic subject, doesn't merit discussion.
Professor Molefi K. Asante is disregarded by many academics.

He had no idea what to do.
He didn't know if he should attack someone or not.

He was too reckless, too erratic, too anti-American.
His character was too anti-American, said the critics.

Some magnetic influence that irresistibly impelled Mrs. Vandemeyer to commit suicide?" Tommy looked at him with respect.
There was a magnetic influence that caused Mrs. Vandemeyer to commit suicide.

The two men departed and the door slammed.
The men didn't care if their exit was loud or quiet.

and then progressively through the week i'll i'll wear nicer looking things and then on Friday most everybody wears jeans jeans and sweatshirts or you know jeans and blouses or something like that uh but mostly what i wear are skirts and blouses or you know skirts and uh pullover sweaters or uh you know little two piece dress suits suits like but
I dress casually only at the beginning of the week.

It is believed that the lead pellets which were used by the Carthaginian general Hannibal were made on Ibiza.
Ibiza had always been known to make lead pellets.

In the process, it has somehow managed to get a soul, in spite of the inhuman scale of some of its windswept spaces.
It has managed to get a soul and how has strong feelings. 

The tree-topped rock surrounded by golden sandy beaches is the archetypal  desert island  a great place for snorkeling, sunbathing, or picnics.
There are many beaches located around the place.

yeah the question was uh what kind of books do you read for entertainment uh uh  i guess
Do you prefer history books or novels for entertainment?

Excellent vegetarian meals from appetizers to desserts, prepared to perfection with the addition of fresh fish daily.
They have a lot of vegetarian options for all meals.

It also reinforced the business managers' sense of ownership of their information assets.
The manager didn't feel competent enough. 

Where to Eat
Where to eat is a difficult choice.

Like a madman's portrait, covered in rust.
It was rusting through the frame.

He twisted and went to one knee.
He was proposing to his girlfriend. 

The final rule was issued pursuant to the authority of sections 301, 304, 306, 307, 308, 402, and 501 of the Clean Water Act, 33 U.S.C.
The Clean Water Act lists all the requirements for new rules.

As you drive south from Dijon, be sure to get off the main road, the N74, onto the parallel D122, signposted as the Route des Grands Crus (Route of the Great Vintages).
There are many signposts along the N74 to mark all of the turnoffs for other roads.

On Jalan Kampung Pantai is the Mausoleum of Hang Jebat, who was killed unjustly in a duel of honor with his friend Hang Tuah.
Hang Jebat was killed unjustly

What did Del'Rosa teach you about the shadow style?" asked Jon.
"What did you learn from samurai master Del'Rosa about the shadow style of sword fighting?" asked Jon.

The Serra Chapel is the oldest building still in use in Caleornia, and the only remaining chapel where Father Junipero Serra, founder of the mission chain, celebrated Mass.
There are twenty seven missions total in this chain.

We formed a focus group within GAO that was composed of program and financial analysts familiar with each federal agency.
The GAO has several other focus groups within it,

For the most part, however, listening to lingerie designers ramble insipidly about the form, function, and sensuousness of undies makes one suspect that the special was conceived largely as an excuse to show shot after shot of scantily clad breast, buns, and crotches.
Hearing the cameramen talk makes me think this was all an excuse for gratuitous booty shots.

Abby and Jonathan he he took Abby and Jonathan with him
He took his children Abby and Jonathan to the beach with him

The vast majority of entities involved in ruminant production and meat preparation are considered small businesses according to size standards set by the Small Business Administration.
Meat preparation companies usually have less than 20 employees.

well the the legal system in this country has gone to such extreme measures they've swung so far away from
We need to reestablish a sense of moderation.

Lastly, the hard copy documents.
All of the hard copy documents need to be scanned.

and the scratches and the smell and the uh wherever yeah
The distinct odor and scratch are unmistakable.

It is partly your fault that I ever came to suspect her. 
You're partly the reason I came to suspect her because you tried to convince me.

This is also the site of Waverley Station, and the sound of arriving trains can be heard as background noise throughout the day.
Waverly Station is the only means by which commutes to certain areas are possible.

The mainstream media do not cut George W. any slack.
Because he has horrible policies, the mainstream media didn't give him any slack.

Dentists can now make crowns that last forever, bridges that stay anchored, dentures that behave almost like real teeth.
Technology improvements have allowed professional fields like dentistry to benefit.

I can't do this.
I can't bring myself to hurt anyone.

We have seen no one, said the German sharply.
The German missed seeing someone out of the corner of his eye.

'Listen,' she hissed, 'Franklin, I said like you- but that's not enough to endanger myself, do you understand?'
She said that she liked Franklin but she would not risk her life by fighting for him.

sure sure how about items like um The One Minute Manager which used to be a big okay so those are self improvements um
The One Minute Manager is a book about productive leadership/management.

In the pursuit of power, Milosevic has run Serbia into the ground.
He was so power hungry he did not care what he did to Serbia. 

Milan's most prestigious retail thoroughfare is Via Monte Napoleone, an august parade of Neoclassical palazzi and luxury shops.
The plaza is usually crowded, bringing in people from neighboring countries.

Do you know the saying, We're all grown-ups here?
The expression "We're all grown-ups here" was coined in the last five years.

but it's not six feet of snow and it doesn't stay on the ground six months out of the year and i know the sun is coming
I know that the sun is coming since it is almost April which means that the snow will be gone soon.

yeah well they've got that Latin blood they get fired up about every little thing anyway
They've got that latin blood, specifically mexican, they get fired up about anything

yeah yeah i i yeah i'm from west Texas
I grew up in west Texas but moved.

And, in the long term, when there is nothing left to cut, the only way to increase profits is to increase sales.
Cutting things only hurts profit in the long run.

It is not the first time that actors have tried to seize the reins of production--that was in 1919, when Mary Pickford, Charles Chaplin, and Douglas Fairbanks joined forces with William S. Hart and D.W.
In 1919, Pickford and Chaplin tried to stop production.

However, participants generally agreed that while the accounting profession needs to take additional steps to address any misunderstanding as to the limits of an audit, there is room to improve the audit process and auditor reporting.
Participants generally agreed that taking a poo after showering is much less hygienic.

This enormous, modern version of a traditional Chinese building, with sweeping blue tile roofs, contains an auditorium big enough to seat 4,700 people.
This building has a stage that can fit a hundred performers on it.

In the tantalus in the dining-room.
The tantalus is a space ship.

(All gynaecologists are idealists.
All gynaecologists are idealists and extremely shy.

'Carry on.'
We were ordered to continue our work as the general passed through.

Newsweek predicts it could turn out to have the touchy-feely feminist vibe of a grown-up slumber party ...
Many individuals present have a strong social media persona.

He pulled the black cloak over his shoulders, tied it, and pulled the hood up.
To avoid being seen, he pulled up the hood of his cloak.

Jon looked at Ca'daan standing in front of him.
Ca'daan is ignoring Jon. 

Every day these gardens attract a crosesection of Parisians, from early-morning joggers to children sailing boats on the pond and students reading on the quiet benches.
The gardens also attract numerous tourists each year.

Draw your sword and dagger.
Prepare for battle by drawing your word.

That's better than if they suspected the truth.
If they knew the truth would it be dangerous for them.

Les Corniches
Corniches come in groups.

GAO already does a lot of case studies-or at least, what we ourselves call case studies in describing our methods.
GAO is currently trying to limit the number of case studies it does because of the drain on resources. 

well now do you work at TI
How long have you been working at TI?

The older man glared at me.
There was an old man glaring at me because he was a demon.

The mill and the neighborhood around it were built in the mid-1800s through the initiative of Jerusalem's great 19th-century patron, Sir Moses Montefiore.
The mill provided jobs for people living nearby.

The truth is that the more the mayor asks workfarers to do useful work, like street-cleaning, the more they will probably be doing work regular city workers once did.
The mayor wants workfarers to build new streets and buildings.

We came to the cockpit, which was on fire.
The pilot started the cockpit on fire in an attempt to commit suicide. 

But the organic forms of the buildings, with names like Hope, Fraternity, and Aspiration, still have an impact on the landscape.
The organic nature of the buildings call the eye. 

Growers are not required to pay unemployment or social security taxes for H-2A workers.
The US Government Created the H-2A employee classification to help boost the economy. 

The First Crusade was organized to help the Byzantines recapture the Holy Land from the  infidel  Muslims, and resulted in victory for the Crusaders.
The First Crusade was coordinated to aid the Byzantine in retaking the Holy Land from the heathen Muslims and Jews.

well well i can uh i can understand that weather we're having uh we are it we had a late um um an ice storm here about two weeks ago which is you know um and and it's and it's they're calling it the worst ice storm in like the last hundred years and um and then to the point where about three hundred thousand people in our in our area lost power
We haven't had storms like this in this area for a long time.

In the sleep spell I used, I invoked that you should be well and true.
The sleep spell I used is very powerful, but should make you well and true.

'And you're going to kill White.
You will kill White with the shotgun, in the dining room. 

There is also some astonishing Rococo porcelain from Meissen, Vienna, Berlin, and Syvres.
Meissen is singularly known for its porcelain and watchmaking crafts.

The bill calling for the $7 increase passed the House but is currently stalled in the Senate.
The Senate may veto the bill.

so you don't yeah yeah so you don't really get to keep the the nucleus of your best talent for the whole four years
In college basketball you can't keep the best talent for all four years.

gosh i haven't seen a Sinclair station in years
I haven't seen a Sinclair gas station in years.

Mossad has also been handicapped by U.S. mistrust . In 1986, the FBI caught Jonathan Pollard, a Jewish-American naval-intelligence officer, shipping sensitive satellite photos to Lakam--a now-defunct arm of Israeli intelligence largely devoted to stealing nuclear secrets.
Pollard was loyal to Israel.

it would be hard to sentence somebody to death if you weren't really really really sure you'd have to be really really really sure that he did it i mean really sure
It would be hard for me to sentence someone to death at all.

While a third major bank advertised its November money market account rates to be between 1.73 percent for accounts with $5,000 and 2.47 percent for accounts with $50,000 or more, that bank pays IOLTA a flat 1.1 percent.
The bank offers a free toaster oven with all new checking accounts.

oh oh the last country music  my my parents still uh really like country music and they they like um they like the Oak Ridge Boys and the Stadler Brothers and
My parents like the Oak Ridge Boys and all the other music like that.

and it's just of course i don't you know you really it was i don't think they should show it on during prime time but still
I don't think they should have such violent shows on during prime time hours.

Also on the Strip, The Fashion Show Mall was for years the only high-fashion shopping source for tourists and residents with excess cash.
No competitors ever tried to outperform the Mall.

He's in his own league.
He is the best there has ever been.

a way away so uh i'm you we're not usually watching TV  but uh but it is interesting uh they this time of year unfortunately it gets
We sometimes watch more TV at this time of year because it's interesting.

Bauer, by contrast, was a shrewd and vicious opportunist.
Bauer was no a well liker person.

But Shiloh responded to his rider's encouragement even if he could not hear or understand.
Shiloh responded immediately to the rider's encouragement. 

uh-huh yeah it's been around for a long time hadn't it
I think it has been around for a long time and I will be sad to see it go.

oh, my lord!
Something startling has occurred.

In total, 113 comments were received from representatives of state and foreign governments, international economic and political organizations, veterinary associations, state departments of agriculture, livestock and exporting and importing industry associations, and other interested parties.
The highest number of respondents came from the livestock industry.

If you prefer a livelier and more authentic experience, try the popular Bedouin Evening at the Ostrich Farm, which includes belly dancing and story-telling.
The Bedouin Evening is often attended by large numbers of people.

well that's true too yeah yeah but you know the violent crime is is uh definitely something's got to be done on that because
Along with justice done for the violent crime committed, figuring out why it was committed is also true.

The discount rate used for the calculation is the average interest rate (yield) on marketable Treasury securities of similar maturity to the loan guarantees, applicable to the time when the guaranteed loans are disbursed.
The discount rate is the average yield of treasury bonds.

From the dead man's pocket-book he had retrieved the illomened draft treaty, and then and there, in the presence of the other three, it had been reduced to ashes… .
After burning the draft treaty, they left in a hurry, leaving behind the dead man's body.

Despite this limited progress, a number of government and private organizations have gained experience in establishing information-sharing relationships.
Organizations work hard to gain various relationships. 

uh and and i would certainly support something like four to one or five to one or or you know maybe they want to get generous and make it three to one
Maybe we'll get lucky and they'll make it a three to one basketball tournament. 

The people of Edinburgh are often accused by their fellow Scots of lacking passion and have been labeled  prim and proper.  
The people of Edinburgh are accused by their fellow Scost of not being passionate about their country's history.

oh yeah it's wood sided it has sheetrock everywhere and uh you know so it's quieter than you remember mobile homes to be
The new design was recently patented and should be seen everywhere soon. 

Mike Barnicle, a second-rate Roykoesque columnist, was fired from the Boston Globe for blending fiction and fact in a way that Royko did routinely.
Mike Barnicle worked for the Boston Globe for ten years.

Not quiz question Johnny.
It is not a quiz question, just a simple query.

It is 3 km (2 miles) to the falls by footpath from Buttermere village.
Everybody stops at Buttermere village before going down the path. 

Throughout the story of Brian Arthur's travails, people make the kind of dramatic, pithy remarks that almost never get uttered in real life.
Kind and romantic remarks are also made in Brain Arthur's travails. 

This transparency demonstrates the importance that the government places on the need for change and openly communicates performance results.
The government deems important the need for change because progress starts with change.

During one phase of the French Revolution, a guillotine shortened many lives here, though the fact is deliberately forgotten by the boys eyeing the girls pretending to ignore the boys.
The boys and girls eyeing and ignoring each other were present for many guillotine executions.

service area?
The area of service is referring to a car repair shop zone.

It presents everything from legitimate plays to variety acts.
It has plays, variety acts, and much more.

nah you you take yeah you take just two just a man and wife by the time you pay the tickets the parking uh any kind of refreshments or anything there you can spend a hundred dollars right quick
The price of tickets, parking, and refreshments is way too high.

and Management of Scientific Studies in Natural
Natural science 

Upon careful consideration of the findings of fact, the language and purposes of the statute and the legislative history, the Commission has determined that none of these formulations fully responds to the purposes of the statute or the intent of Congress.
The Commission wants more formulations to be done to meet the intent of Congress.

Recommendations that programs improve technology capacities were addressed in large part by a revolving loan fund, established by the Foundation, that enabled LSC programs and other IOTA recipients to purchase needed computer and related technology.
Recommendations that programs improve technology capacities were addressed largely by a 6 million dollar revolving loan fund which was established by the Foundation and enabled LSC and others to purchase computer and related technology.

I am mortified much of the time because Elaine is always dropping things into her purse.
Elaine embarrasses me by stealing.

Yes, he's an asshole-junkie, but, in the capable hands of Michael Imperioli, he is not only  He is a cursing, bitch-slapping metaphor for the entire decline of the mob.
His drug problem was the reason for the fall of the mob.

Religions of India
Some religions are more prominent than others.

and i try to uh you know try something else you know something with a little more vegetables or something but yeah i was the same way but we haven't really eaten Chinese that much since we've been in uh Texas it's funny
We really only eat BBQ in Texas.

(Anthropologists discovered this by examining skeletons from the region going back to 1300, some 30 generations.)
Anthropologists made this discovery when they examined familial skeletons from a region that went back 30 generations.

you mean really trying to plant something that's what you're saying farming
Not many actually go into farming.

The leading example of such an auction is the stock market.
The stock exchange is the biggest example of such an auction.

now that's an idea don't say that too loud though because uh every city and town will have a meter on your  tailpipe generate  generate revenue
Cities and towns should do this to save money.

Finally, all entity determinations of the applicability of stewardship standards should be thoroughly documented.
Stewardship standards are held to a high standard in regard to documentation.

A river rerouted and collapsed a shaft trapping two hundred men.
Two hundred men were killed in the shaft.

Two sugars, if you have them.'
Two sugars in my tea if you have them.

And a shoo-in at next year's Tonys.
They're guaranteed to win at the Tony's because the other nominees are rotten.

But lawyers who have appeared before her say that they appreciate her intelligent interpretation of the law.
She has been studying the law for 5 years.

There is lots of truth to that view.
There is a lot of truth to people thinking Jews are good people.

I am charming to my friends one day, and forget all about them the next." I don't know what impelled me, but I was nettled, and I said foolishly and not in the best of taste: "Yet you seem to be invariably charming to Dr. 
I said something stupidly, trying to defend myself.

After all, what is Social Security but a job benefit?
What is Social Security besides just a upblown job benefit?

The smell of burning cedar brought back memories of a childhood long lost.
The smell of cedar brought back fond memories.

If you thought that Dick Morris, now back in Bill Clinton's crisis cabinet, was going to make things smoother at the White House, you don't know Dick.
Bill Clinton does not really need Dick Morris in his crisis cabinet. He will cause more problems then he is going to help fix.

States will also be requiring utilities to comply with Best Available Retrofit Technology (BART) programs (either source-specific standards or a trading program) to meet requirements to reduce regional haze.
The BART standards were adopted recently in an effort to prevent the regional haze problem from growing larger.

At least not to gay  Nothing judgmental, it's a cost-cutting thing.)
At least nothing is gay about the cost cutting.

'No, he went back to town almost immediately.'  
Town is where you can always find him. 

Decreases in two funding sources prompted the cuts, Worthy said.
Worthy is irritated at the cuts 

At the top of the masthead, the perks are perkier.
The masthead would always provide perks.

Turin was little more than a fortified village of 40,000 inhabitants in 1600, but it rose to 93,000 a century later.
The population came from various places.

You are so thoughtful, Alfred dear." The French window swung open a little wider, and a handsome white-haired old lady, with a somewhat masterful cast of features, stepped out of it on to the lawn. 
The white-haired old lady was Alfred's mother.  

This is the state, after all, that gets credit for sending Don Nickles and Ernest Istook to Washington.
Ernest Istook would've gone to Washington regardless of what state lore claimed.

Rupert Murdoch is rumored to be interested in buying it and turning it into a West Coast version of the New York Post . A circulation-hungry Willes vs. the rapacious  That's just the kind of fight the American newspaper industry needs.
The thought of Rupert Murdoch buying yet another newspaper is worrying to a lot of people.

At its best, the Post can still swarm a breaking news story like Flytrap.
The Post is known for their lack of journalist integrity.

In a style best described as Chinese Palladian, with its Neo-Classical columns and heavy hardwood doors, the furnishings and decor bear witness to the great proserity of Baba entrepreneurs.
The Chinese Palladian style can be found only in that area, having a great popularity.

Its only weapon was its now demonstrated capacity to mobilize mass protests and shock the world with violence.
The protests will capture and scare the world into attention. 

but then my father's uh sixty five years old and he's he doesn't show any signs of having to cut back either so there's hope for me maybe i'll maintain that
my father is 65 and my mother is 62, they are both still going strong

did we do what was correct there
I am wondering if what we did in the Iraq War was correct.

Well, then, look after each other, said Mr. Carter, smiling.
Mr. Carter asked them to look after each other on their trip to Europe.

Rather than a roughly 16% reduction from a generation level of 4,200 billion kWh in the 1999 CEF Advanced Case, the scenario D equivalent in this analysis achieved only a 12% reduction from a generation of 4,580 billion kWh.
The scenario A equivalent in this analysis achieved only a 4% reduction

At sunset, when the burnished gold atop the stupa begins to glow with a warm buttery light, the terrace surrounding Swayambhunath offers a fine view over the Kathmandu Valley.
The time of sunset offers the best view of the Kathmandu Valley.

People who gorged themselves survived winter famines and reproduced more than others.
The location of the winter famine was Russia.

As counterweight, British legislation reserved parliamentary seats for religious minorities, but the Punjab and Bengal had such a complicated mixture of Hindus, Muslims, and Sikhs that it was not possible to avoid fights over how separate constituencies were to be formed.
Bengal had a mix of many religions but no Christians.

And finally, if you want to give policy advice, it's not enough to know your numbers.
You need to know more than just what the figures look like for sales predictions.

for yards yard work
He needs help for yard's work

cut twelve people up into little bitty pieces and bury them in your back yard then are you can can you be helped you know i have i have my doubts you know
If you're cutting people up and burying them in your backyard, I think you're beyond helping but I'm willing to try it.

Whether our focus is interracial adoption or mixed marriages or class-climbing, so long as we speak of whiteness as a norm, no amount of census reshuffling will truly matter.
Whiteness is still the norm despite talks on interracial adoption or mixed marriages or class-climbing because it has so much power.

but uh i i have one mainly i bought it because i'm in uh taking a lot of courses along with work and  it's very useful in that respect but i hope to do something more with it
Although it is helpful, it is not absolutely essential and I could get by without it. 

recommendations to mold the future of the Postal Service.
The Postal Service needs a big make over.

From Gandaa, the C-320, then the C-322, lead inland through orange groves, vineyards, and slowly rising country to Jativa.
The orange groves inland produce most of the countries fresh orange juice.

I'm looking forward to that.
I must be sure I'm well prepared for when that happens.

White children's classic from becoming intolerable.
White children's classics are intolerable because they don't allow for diversity.

At the moment, he was relatively free for the first time since they had brought him here, and he wanted to make sure that he could make the most use of the fact.
He had hoped for free time since he had arrived here.

They jubilantly announced that the baby, born in May, shows no sign of the congenital condition.
The baby was born weighing in at 6 lbs.

Yes, surely it must be so, unless ” ” A new idea suggested itself to my mind. 
He ran off to explore this new idea and how he might need to revise his theory.

and started being bought out by families and things and she started having fewer and fewer friends
In the end, she only had two friends to talk to.

Mr. Hersheimmer, I think, you already know." A quizzical gleam came into the doctor's eye as he shook hands with Julius.
The Doctor was merely guessing that Mr. Hersheimmer knew about all of it.

A History of the American People , by Paul Johnson (HarperCollins).
Paul Johnson wrote each of his books in a month.

They talked about him when they were at home and on call.
They can talk about him for hours at a time. 

but uh i mostly went back to work because i was tired of doing without things  you know the money was the issue
Money was the main issue for going back to work, but also the loneliness was doing my head in.

The pathos shines through the heavily restored paintings of St. Francis in the Bardi Chapel (c.1320s), to the right of the apse, and two St. Johns in the Peruzzi Chapel next door.
St. Francis was recognized after his death as the patron saint of painting.

, here is how it works.
It works very well when done correctly.

The ideal measure would also take into account the specific nature of the risk reduction commodity that is provided to individuals, as well as the context in which risk is reduced.
There is no real perfect measure, but we can reach an idealistic measure.

I didn't know whether to stare at the ceiling, pretend I saw nothing, or thank her for the free show.
It could prove to be embarrassing and I was uncertain whether to address what had happened or simply pretend I saw nothing.

Half a million slaves nearly half the population worked the plantations, and at least 3,500 trading ships visited Cuba annually.
Cuba was visited by 3,500 trading ships annually and they brought with them different articles from all over the world.

A scheme so inconsistent with accepted separation-of-powers principles is an insufficient basis to sustain or uphold the restriction on speech.
Separation-of-powers principles need the schemes to be consistent with a long boring set of rules.

Within a week the snoop had discovered his unlisted phone numbers, bank balances, stock holdings, and salary, as well as the phone numbers of everyone he calls.
The snoop was planning to blackmail the people.

Of these, 98 percent said they do not recover frequent traveler benefits received by employees on business travel for their companies, and 95 percent said they have no plans to do so.
Five percent of employees plan to pursue recovery efforts.

Its principal attraction, the spectacular Charterhouse or Certosa di Pavia, is in fact some 10 km (6 miles) north of the city, a 30-minute drive from Milan.
Hiring a taxi to journey to Certosa di Pavia can be done on the day of the journey.

Before a skyscraper can be built, a feng shui (see page 68) investigation must take place to ensure that the site and the building will promote health, harmony, and prosperity.
The building must be promoting health, harmony and prosperity as this reduces the rates of annual suicide.

I love this in part because I am proud that I translated it from the French, which, in turn, was translated from the Czech.
The original text was in Czech, but a few sentences were missing so we had to fill the gaps.

um-hum as far as well that's one way to force them to recycle is that if they bill them by the pound then they're going to save it and not not put it out to the trash
People usually need some sort of incentive to recycle.

A comparison of the Johnson Intervention with four other methods of referral to outpatient treatment.
The other methods mostly involve kidnapping the patient.

According to Norit, the largest supplier of AC for air pollution control purposes, there is currently adequate excess capacity to accommodate significant growth in the demand (tens of millions of pounds/yr, or roughly tens of thousands of tons/yr).
Norit has given figures to prove AC capacity to support growth.

yeah it's uh having uh uh well well i work in too i work in environmentals uh projects right now and so the Sherman deal is uh uh uh
I'm currently working on an environmental project, so I am incredibly familiar with the Sherman deal.

Still, the library is beginning to seem less of an albatross.
The library contains thousands of books.

As discussed below, the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) determined that this final rule was a significant regulatory action based on an annual economic impact of $100 million or more under Executive Order 12866 and submitted to the Office of Management and Budget the required regulatory impact analysis which contains an analysis of the costs and benefits of the rule.
The EPA determined the final rule was significant because the economic impact was more than $100 million for organizations with less than 100 people.

The remarkably similar shapes of the two surfaces demonstrate a convergence of simulation and regression approaches to estimating the behavior of delivery costs with postal density and volume per address as cost drivers.
The shapes of the two surfaces are the same color with the same symmetry.

i'm a little touchy  every now and then about that
I am sensitive about my lack of friends and get touchy about it.

Credible Answers
Trustworthy Answers.

Hotels and apartment construction push back into the hills, and locals as well as day-trippers from Santa Eul? ria throng the deep, sandy beach.
There are more locals than day-trippers on the beach.

Self-administered questionnaires, computer screen interactions, or interview techniques may be easier to implement.
The interview techniques would be most effective, but cost more money.

Their confederation of States became today's Negeri Sembilan ( Nine States ), with Seremban as its capital.
Their loose confederation was united with the constitution and became the Negeri Sembilan.

Harris constantly refers to the donors as his girls and describes them like cattle--We have a legitimate bid of $42,000 on one of the girls.
There is a winning bid of $42,000 on one girl. 

Hakone is a national park and resort area southeast of Mt.Fuji, extremely popular with weekend trippers from Tokyo.
People play golf and have weddings in Hakone park.

89 percent of LSC grantees reported that they conducted outreach efforts in 2001.
There can be an improvement in the outreach program.

Others complain that the superstars are over the hill, and are trotting out mediocre work.
The superstars are under-performing.

is no contest.
Zero contest for now.

The spectacular growth of India' s boom town in electronics, aviation, telecommunications, and machine tools has noticeably changed the climate since the 1970s; it is several degrees hotter here now than it was thirty years ago.
Excess carbon dioxide accounts for this climate change.

personally i think that's what i was about to say is that everyone needs to be tested
Everyone should be tested for drugs in my opinion.

If data for additional years would provide a better indication of investment, reporting of the additional years' data is encouraged.
Data for additional years does not always provide better investment indication.

Built in 1594, the pharmacy's cupboards line two rooms with matching glass and porcelain apothecary jars specially ordered by Carlos IV.
Carlos IV ordered most of the medicines in the pharmacy.

Research, Development, Test and Evaluation, and Procurement Funding for Fiscal Years 1995 to 200712 Knowledge-based Process for Applying Best Practices to the Development of New Products13 Notional Illustration Showing the Different Paths That a Product's Development Can Take15 DOD's Concurrent Approach to Weapon System Development16 Notional Single-Step and Evolutionary ApproacHe's to Developing New Products31 Achieving Stability on AIM-9X Missile Program by Knowledge Point 244 History of Drawing Completion for the F-22 Program46 PAC-3 Design Knowledge at Critical Design Review49 Illustration to Show How the Best Practice Model Would Apply to DOD's Acquisition Process56
The DOD has created this list in order to convince Congress of the need to continue the F-22 Program.

In January 2000, the LSC Board of Directors adopted a strategic planning document entitled Strategic Directions 2000-2005.
The LSC Board of Directors adopted a planning document that they shared with their clients.

Farmworker community organizations have found that agricultural workers are more willing to discuss issues arising out of their employment in base communities where they have the support of family and friends in pursuing their claims.
Farmworker community organizations researched agricultural workers claims against their employers.

Oh, some sort of shelter for the poor.
It could be a government housing unit for poor citizens.

to for me i think it's like uh you know uh you're you're expecting too much from a company if something happens it happens and they'll pay you for it but
Asking for too much from a company will result in you footing the bill.

Adjustment of cut points or use of alternative screening tests may be necessary for these subgroups.
Alternative screening tests will be developed.

Christopher Warm had a sedentary job.
Despite his job being sedentary, Christopher Warm loved the work that he did. 

The core elements of the planning/competition link are as 
The main parts of the planning and competition are as easy as one could hope.

just minor little ball here or there you know
I find a ball here and there, it doesn't bother me at all.

then uh and the importance of it because okay if you don't vote for your friend over here well your friend's not going to have a chance
Voting for your friend would be the neighborly thing to do in this situation.

Water sports enthusiasts go south to the beaches of Okinawa, the liveliest being Moon Beach at Nakadomari.
It is called Moon Beach because of the vantage point of the moon.

right the only time you know about it is when it comes due and they'll say you know well you've got to reinvest it back in this or that or whatever
If it is not due, you have no idea that it even exists.

This is all pure  high-toned and irritating, vibrating with barely curtailed snobbism, but also venturing hard queries and unpopular responses.
This is the snobbiest thing I have come across.

right it's a little more understandable under the circumstances i guess
It would be hard to believe under other circumstances.  

yeah that is hard to say
It's not easy to say that you've been verbally abused.

Ms. Ceracz was less street-smart savvy than Pisak, but she knew how to use to her advantage the fact that he thought she liked him, which was not true, even though the woman wasn't good-looking, but then again, neither was Pisak.
Ms. Ceracz always smiled at Pisak  giving him the impression that she liked him

um-hum would uh would you be more in favor of uh you know like a local uh my only experience with it i was in Central America for a while and uh in San Salvador in El Salvador for instance everybody had what they called there social year
I was in central america for two hours.

Laundry adorns disintegrating balconies, while in the center of the plaza an incongruous, neoclassical gleaming marble fountain has been installed (it's an unmitigated disaster in this atmospheric corner of Old Havana).
There is a gleaming marble fountain in the center of the plaza and this was a place where citizens congregate.

He kept his distance from the more ferocious men but even detecting that grew difficult.
He stayed way from the men that had scary face tattoos. 

On the way you can also visit Wadi Rum (famous for its association with Lawrence of Arabia).
Wadi Rum was made more popular after it was featured in Lawrence of Arabia.

Which of you is the strongest? asked Jon.
The man himself was quite strong.

 This book began with the axiomatic statement that the symbol is the thing.
The book was quite small but made a bold statement,

What you tell me about the girl puzzled me, said Mr. Carter.
I need you to explain you information about the girl again, said Mr. Carter.

By the 13th century, parliaments were convened here.
Parliaments were comprised of ten members.

An inspector reported to Mr. Carter in a low voice.
An inspector told Mr. Carter of the progress their team had made.

Giotto paints Padua Chapel
The murals in the Padua Chapel took Giotto several months to paint.

I suppose you think it nonsense?"
You think it's nonsense that I came out here at this time of night?

The appropriateness of a distribution of WTP estimates from the 26 studies for valuing the mortality-related benefits of reductions in air pollution concentrations therefore depends not only on the quality of the studies (i.e.
If you increase the reductions, the benefits will increase.

so we have many recycling activities and i'm in in full uh support of all of them
I take an avid part in most of the recycling activities.

1 The following table identifies the appropriate chapters for reviewing the various steps of an acquisition.
The table is a reliable source on the appropriate chapters for reviewing the various steps of an acquisition.

These changes provide EPA with approximate targets so that each of the scenarios can be mapped into the AMIGA model.
The changes were made recently by a group of young college coders.

I know a place you can go.
You should go to China.

Among its many notable bronze images is the Yakushi triad, comprising three blackened-bronze the Yakushi Buddha (dedicated to healing and medicine) seated on a medicine chest between Bodhisattvas of the sun and moon.
The seating of the Japanese artifacts is done in a way that expresses a sentiment to the viewer.

It seems we can't help ourselves.
Looks like we can not help ourselves for the next week.

To provide a basis for pay, leave, and benefits, the records must include aggregate hours of regular time, other time (e.g.
The records are accurate.

Some lawful permanent resident aliens regularly travel between the United States and Mexico on a daily basis.
Aliens often travel across the border every day for work.

There is a strong military presence in the city and a dusk-till-dawn curfew is often in effect.
On certain nights of the week, the curfew is lifted so that people can run errands.

They were denied my entree into the world of conservative journalism.
They denied my entree due to a history of liberal journalism.

those things there that's what gets us
Things like that work against us, all it does ia cause problems in the long run.

Probably it was best to follow the old army rule of keep the mouth shut, never volunteer, no explanations.
The less information volunteered the better to keep everyone safe.

so what kind of benefits do do you have in your job that you think is uh very important
Which benefit at your job do you feel benefits you the most?

Saving more would improve the nation's long-term economic outlook, but this requires consuming less now.
Cutting back on current spending makes more money available for future needs.

some of them disagree i mean some of them said one way and some the other
The few that disagree always come to an agreement in the end. 

Some of their houses in the side streets are from the 12th century.
The houses built upon the side streets are mostly of granite.

120 With a sigh, Cynthia flung herself down, and tossed off her hat. 
Cynthia had gone through a rough day.

I wrote a message on a piece of paper, wrapped it round a stone, and chucked it through the window, continued Albert breathlessly.
Albert threw a large stone through a window.

You could look through the ports and I looked inside and they were _dead_." He looked sick.
He saw dead bodies and that made him sick.

They reject the new property because it threatens their absolute control of the old.
The new property is rejected because it will bring a lot of changes.

The Justice Department asked Starr to look into allegations that his prosecutors improperly tried to cut an immunity deal with Lewinsky during their January 1998 sting without her lawyer present.
Starr found no evidence of impropriety by the prosecutors.

From here the road turns out of the Borrowdale valley to begin a steep ascent westward through Honister Pass.
Atempting to climb the Honister Pass without equipment is considered by many a fool's errand. 

Mr. Erlenborn's career of public service has spanned four decades.
For over 40 years at state and local levels, Mr. Erlenborn has worked in public service.

For females, on the other hand, coalitions withstand time.
Women give more importance to alliances than men.

Though he describes himself as being to the right of Attila the Hun on crime, he authorized the Willie Hortenesque early parole of more than 700 sex offenders in 1992.
He see's himself as hard on crime, but acknowledges that there can be cases for early parole, as there were in 1992. 

White was probably right- the world does need a revolution- but he was in too much of a hurry.
He was an anarchist,

He didn't die until 1955.
He was born in 1900.

A national leadership institute is created and begins to identify, recruit, mentor and otherwise train diverse leaders; its participants include at least 1-2 staff from each program; it is adequately funded.
A national leadership institute is created and starts to recruit diverse leaders for government agencies.

Havana's delicious Cathedral Square, the focus of Habana Vieja life, could be a stage set.
Cathedral Square is the focus of Habana Vieja life and it is an integral part of their culture.

and they they check that name against uh their list and they find several and without even bothering to try to match up any other information at all they just report everything under that name
This is not a fair method.

The commander in chief has made a commitment on behalf of the United States, and the United States must honor that commitment.
The commitment that has been made by the commander in chief of the United States is expensive.

uh-huh  well you never have enough room do you think
Will you ever have enough space for your gnome collection?

it's good when you go to Tom Thumb though and they're cheap and nobody's got them yet unbelievable
Going to Tom Thumb is very cheap but I think they should charge more

Some tourist-oriented shops take the VAT off credit-card purchases before they charge you.
The VAT is not applicable to tourists.

The new Mus??e d'Art Con?­tem?­porain (also known simply as CAPC; 7 Rue Ferryre) has a collection of art from the last three decades.
Admission to the CAPC is free for students and those under age 25.

But that decree did not have the power of civil law behind it.
That decree was worthless and would never win in court.

Bringing this information together, table 3.8 shows the relations among case study applications and design decisions.
This relationship is typically linear, but there are notable exceptions that warrant further discussion.

'The basement door is hidden.
The basement door was a hidden trapdoor.

The new standard in civilized countries is the 3+1 family unit, you know.
Family unit's have changed and are now in a 3+1 format.

His speech over, Reich is lambasted by a John, and Reich's answer elicits an eruption of Wrong!
Reich has always been a skeptical person who doesn't believe simple words.

Many of the inhabitants live by choice, not necessarily through economic hardship on the water, aboard houseboats or in houses on stilts in the main creek.
The houses on stilts sometimes sink into the creek.

The factional war within the Reform Party, then, represents the decomposition of the movement into its Northern progressive and Southern populist wings.
The factional war in the Reform Party has lasted for years.

oh okay do do they play like uh like does the eight year old play baseball
Do they play baseball at eight years old in NYC?

While the Hong Kong-based South China Morning Post said that the discontented flight crews of Cathay Pacific Airways have still not decided whether to implement a plan to stop smiling at passengers, the Times of India carried an editorial Wednesday calling on the flight attendants to have second thoughts.
The South China Morning Post is a daily newspaper with a circulation of one million.

A fair sight it was. 
The view of the canyon was lovely, a fair sight to see. 

Does DeFabrizio believe his documentary will help convince people of the need for the kind of help offered by Legal Services?
De Fabrizio wants to convince people to get help.

what if they did it though on their own time and it's still  it stays in your body for such a long time
Sometimes it never leaves your body.

Both utilize the contingent valuation method.
Both use contingent valuation method to find the value of the stocks.

He saw only her back, but it looked like Nema.
He could not see exactly who it was.

But a darned faint one.
Some hope was there. 

Unlike, say, burning the flag, the act of making a political contribution is not primarily intended to send a message.
Those who burn flags are considered unpatriotic.

And Prudie wishes you mazel-ton which, of course, is tons of luck.
Mazel-ton means tons of luck and it is an expression coined in the South.

Julius understood.
Julius, due to previous knowledge, comprehended their rational.

A major portion of the analysis describes the steps the Commission took in attempting to determine the number of small entities affected by the rule based on
The analysis found that the Commission could've made the search process more efficient.

I dare say, observed Summerhaye sarcastically. 
Summerhaye was sarcastic with his observation of the situation.

Her face was heavily flushed, and she yawned repeatedly. 
In addition to yawning, she also rubbed her eyes.

All the associates admired him tremendously.
The associates particularly loved his colorful ties.

The NAIC is an organization of insurance regulators from the 50 states, the District of Columbia, and the 4 U.S. territories.
The NAIC has been a insurance regulator for 40 years.

They each ate a chunk of the bread, enjoying every crumb.
They enjoyed every crumb of the chunk of bread they found in the alley.

Exhibits cover fishing, seaborne trade, sea transport, and there is an aquarium.
Perhaps the most popular exhibit is the rowing competition.

you know and and if they go to their friends dealing drugs they're gonna be in even worse shape
They will do better if they stay far from their friends.

and uh and i don't think that's the American way myself it uh it kind of rings of you know socialism and
I don't agree with socialism at all.

 "Sí , it is true that Juanito looks for trouble."Chino Herrera rolled a cornshuck cigarette with precise, delicate twists of his fingers.
Chino Herrera lit up the cigarette as he continued to speak.

It is here that Jesus is said to have washed the disciples' feet and presided over the Last Supper.
Religious people flock here, hoping to be close to Jesus.

The information developed during a risk assessment forms the foundation or basis upon which management can determine the nature and type of corrective actions needed, and it gives management baseline information for measuring progress in reducing improper payments.
There is a need to reduce improper payments.

If you do plan to buy jewelry, be sure to consult the  Shopping Guide to Jewellery  published by the Hong Kong Tourist Authority to find a reputable dealer.
The only reputable jewellery dealers are found in the Hong Kong Tourist Authority.

The banging and beating on the door was terrific.
The banging and beating almost broke the door down.

Predominantly rural and flat, Menorca has always been a quieter place than Mallorca (or the craziest of the Balearics, party-mad Ibiza).
Menorca has no genuine nightlife and is preferred by older visitors.

They cut th' cap'n's spurs for him, an' he ended th' war out here.
The captain loved to end wars.  

Can I have your number?
The person is asking for a number because he wanted to stay in touch.

'He trusts you?'
Does he trust you with his money? 

The public-relations masterstroke of the 1980s, a pro-life film called The Silent Scream , featured ultrasound pictures of the dismemberment of a fetus.
The Silent Scream discouraged some women from having abortions.

but and i i mean i'm sure it must be relaxing to do things like that because i can remember when i used to do you know those little salt dough figurines and things it was it was relaxing you know creative you felt very creative
Salt dough figurines taste delicious.

Opposite the entrance to the tomb is the Greek Orthodox Katholikon, a brilliantly decorated nave.
If you go to the tomb, you will easily find the Greek Orthodox Katholikan.

She pulled at it but the head was barbed.
She tugged at the bow.

There seems to be some similarity to your world in that, doesn't there?
The worlds may have more similarity than difference. 

i think this must be into my third week too so do you work for TI
I believe I haven't been here for a month as well.

What do you mean?
Please explain what you just said.

This program is clearly a model for success.
The program was successful because of how much was invested. 

You'll be even more sore tomorrow, said Jon.
Jon said the pain would be unbearable tomorrow.

uh it really does sound like it was a self defense kind of thing
It sounds like she was just protecting herself against that man.

No unreasonable offer refused if pay is good.'  
I won't turn down an offer of $500.

Bernstein suggested that the recommendation not be eliminated, but rewritten to reflect the discussion.
It is vital that the discussion is reflected in the submission.

The services are free.
The service is completely free of charge.

This isn't to say that territoriality couldn't also in theory be a cause of aggressive tendencies in humans and/or chimps.
Territoriality is the one of many causes of aggressiveness in humans.

Despite significant improvements in air quality throughout the country however, emissions from power generation continue to result in serious health, environmental and economic impacts.
Power generation emissions are the leading cause of lung cancer in the country.

yeah yeah first economic battle we've ever been involved in
This economic battle is going to be a tough one.

As American multinationals ship their production overseas, the likelihood of getting business to support an import tariff (which would now tax their own imports) becomes equally small.
The march of globalization continues, and with it comes great changes in our economy and job market.

Then be ready I'm going to say good-bye. He took her hand in his.
She liked to have her hand held by him when he was talking to her.

The most beloved sport in India, by far, is cricket.
Cricket is the most played sport in India.

it is comforting to me to see uh more concern about some of these things that that cost us money especially when we have dwindling uh resources such as oil that's burning out of control in in the Persian Gulf and and so forth just just every little bit does it makes me feel better it it makes me feel like well there may be something left for my children my nieces and nephews and so forth
It makes me feel good to see people be concerned about our nation's expenses because our debt is getting to a critical level.

yeah my dad's grew up on a farm and he always had gardens and we always had fresh vegetables which i just really like and
Dad left the farm when he was 18 years old.

This does a great disservice to the Greek musical tradition, which is rich and varied and goes back hundreds of years.
Greek music traditions involve dancing and singing.

Search for articles of a particular ideological slant or cultural preference (such as a prejudice against Norwegian movies)
Look for articles that discuss hatred for Norweigian sci-fi films. 

i'm sure that i'll be involved in a big company and i know that my future husband will be you know he's going to be working for Chevron in Houston so he's going to be um
I'll be in a big company and my husband will be with Chevron, but we'd rather have a farm.

and he'll call us up and say let's go and so we'll meet you know real early in the morning people think we're crazy because we get up so early in the morning but i love it
I don't mind people thinking we are crazy for being early birds.

As did Thorn.
Thorn thought doing the same was a good idea.

I looked down at my clothes.
My clothes were pretty fashionable.

One of the grants includes the creation of a Web site with legal advice for the poor.
This grant is absolutely essential to financing the launch of the site.

Another refreshing feature of Goodman's storytelling is that, unlike other members of fundamentalist sects one might find in novels, her characters don't chafe at their restrictions, or not too much.
The common novel story line that has members of fundamentalist sects yearning for freedom has become overused and stale.

had some health problems that have led me to uh stay more on than off
Health problems are serious to me.

The incongruous high-rise blot on the landscape directly opposite is the massive Hotel Dom Pedro, rather out-of-place in this low-key town, but an indicator of its tourism ambitions.
The hotel requires more than one hundred occupants each night to cover expenses.

Now think about this, I scolded myself.
I told myself that it wasn't necessary to be scared.

OK, I do blame myself.
I broke the couple up. 

Although swords, bows, and arrows remained the mainstays of warfare, suddenly matchlocks, muskets, and cannons made their appearance.
Swords, bows, and arrows remained the mainstays of warfare for only a short time.

The other, smaller, had a bandoleer of small flintlock pistols running across his chest with two more on each hip.
He knew how to shoot a gun.

Afterwards you retire to the changing room for tea or a drink, feeling completely relaxed and rejuvenated.
As you retire for a drink in the changing room, you are also offered free snacks.

Conservative and gay rights activists have launched dueling ad campaigns about the ex-gay movement . The conservatives, borrowing from recent remarks by Senate Majority Leader Trent Lott, argue homosexuality is an unhealthy lifestyle from which many former gays have successfully recovered.
There are ad campaigns that voice Gay rights and others by conservatives that condemn it as an unhealthy lifestyle, People are offended and tore them down.

and i have just casually asked her what he did for a living and she said oh he's the supervisor of this chemical land fill you know where they go and dump all this toxic stuff
He was casual, even though he worked at a place where toxic materials are dumped.

that may not be a bad idea
I had a different thing in mind but that might be better.

Unlike the universities, the military has none of the notorious statistics about dropouts and racial separatism and it has many success stories, such as Colin Powell's.
Those that join the army do not drop out, ever. 

To make sure, she had further tried it in a sentence, thus: 'I am possessed.' Now, what did that tell me? 
She was trying to learn how to use new words.

you know and he you know i don't know
I don't know what to do.

The cause of the Mutiny of 1857, or The War of Independence as it is known to Indians, was symptomatic of British insensitivity.
The cause of the 1857 mutiny, or the War of Independence, was due to British insensitivity and their cruel treatment of the natives.

Throughout Italy's history, its northeast regions have linked the country to the exotic outside world of Byzantium and the Orient through Venice and its Repubblica Serena, and to the Alpine countries north of the Dolomites, while the plains of Emilia-Romagna from Ravenna to Parma provided an anchor to the heartland of the Po valley.
These inter-country links were important for Italy. 

the Unabomber, Timothy McVeigh--could rescue a damaged reputation.
Timothy McVeigh will write a book to explain his actions.

You're right that I oversimplified the exchange with Bush in Ohio.
You're right that I left out the part where Bush rigged the election in Ohio. 

a lot of different people go there different kinds of people and so i feel really enriched in that a lot of people don't get to see you know some people have lived in Lewisville all their life you know and so they don't get to see
I feel very blessed to have had the opportunity to go there and see that.

An escalator takes you down to a reception area with the ticket office, underground bookshops, and cafe.
You can also go to the receptions by using stairs.

Outcome - An assessment of the results of a program compared to its intended purpose.
An outcome is the assessment of the results of a program, whether it is good or bad.

It may have come as an awful surprise to her to discover--assuming it is true--that her husband was still screwing around after he was elected.
She was shocked to see her husband was cheating on her for the eleventh time.

She was half-way across St. James's Park, when a man's voice behind her made her start.
She was running away when the man's voice called out to her.

um-hum yeah you get it back yeah yeah
Yes, you get it back once you are out.

Beyea, a lawyer at Pine Tree Legal Services, conducted the study and said she surveyed district court judges, case management officers, family law attorneys and people registered to be GALs.
The district court judges were happy to participate in the survey.

Fell running also tests the mettle.
Fell running is sometimes fatal.

Pundits debated who was more damaged by the new  Congressional Republicans who cried cover-up while the information was under their noses; or the attorney general, who was unaware of her own department's reports.
The attorney general was embarrassed to be unaware of her own department's reports.

The masterpiece of Ellora is the Kailasa Temple of Cave 16.
The Kailasa Temple is an example of the best architecture in the entire world.

Their intricate and confusing maze of narrow alleyways was deliberately created to confound invaders.
It was the king' idea to create a confusing maze of alleyways to keep the people safe.

Youells wrote, It is highly unlikely that PCLAS will ever be in a position to give clients in this service area the level of service and benefits commensurate with the amount of resources available to them.
They will never be able to provide a satisfactory level of service.

The relaxation of prohibitionist laws has brought them within easy reach of most of the American public, and the public has voted for them with its feet.
The relaxation of prohibitionist laws has caused an increase in usage.

It is actually 95% tin, hardened with a 5% alloy of antimony and copper.
The material is made harder by the copper and antimony.

uh yeah i have uh what i've found out out of curiosity was my name has uh has come up twice and we've only been involved with the program say about a year
We have to renew our program membership every year.

Inquiry in Educational Evaluation.
Education must be evaluated 

yeah and he hasn't really shown the the talent uh or the promise that they saw when he was at Oklahoma State
He is still yet to get used to his new team before he can play well.

These are tough cases for judges, Ms.
Judges like the challenge that these cases present.

With the adjustments described above now reflected in the current analytical framework, and using the program cost information documented in the CEF study, Table 3 summarizes the incremental program costs that were assumed as necessary to drive the kind of changes in electricity consumption and emissions described in Table 2. Since transportation programs drove a significant part of the CEF expenditures, and since there are fewer years to implement policies, the estimated program expenditures are also smaller compared to the CEF assumptions.
Table 2 contains emission descriptions and also pictures of spongebob.

fifteen twenty years the Japanese have just taken over
We tried to stop the Japanese from taking over. 

Jalal-ud-din Mohammed Akbar (1556 1605) was a real emperor.
The emperor's name was ridiculously long. 

Though the statues of British leaders have also disappeared, the British spirit remains in the city's planning.
The statues of British leaders were never replaced with anything.

Each day, its mini-containers had to be re-filled with substances promoting positive processes in the body leading to the return of good mood.
The substances that filled the container looked like blue sand.

Din Eidyn fell to the Angles in 638 and became part of the Anglian kingdom of Northumbria.
The language spoken Northumbria in in 638 was Old English.

The friendly new CIA may mean well, but it sort of makes you nostalgic for the spooks from the bad old days.
The friendly and transparent CIA will make you miss the spooks from the good old days.

and then i i i really think that all of that was just you know temporary growth and everything to make him look good for the Presidential election
The temporary growth slowed, and now we are even declining.

Would they have been better recommendations?
The recommendations wouldn't have been better.

Air quality modeling is a critical analytical step that provides the link between emissions changes and the physical effects that affect human health and the environment.
Air quality modeling is an important step to link emissions changes and physical effects in children.

(1995) analysis in the second row of Exhibit 15 and 16.
The analysis is in Exhibit 15 and 16 on page 18.

Indeed, Lukas was so drawn to the story and its details that he sometimes seems to have lost his bearings, trying to read significance into every little shard of information that his research had uncovered.
This is Lukas' favorite s tory.

And you'd probably get a good whack of money." But the girl merely shook her head.
You'll probably make a good profit out of the deal.

But both northern Honshu which is more commonly known as Tohoku and the northernmost island of Hokkaido offer the advantage of unspoiled countryside and friendly down-to-earth villagers still imbued with something of a frontier spirit.
Honshu is very small.

Democratic donor Nathan Landow, accused of trying to silence Willey's testimony against Clinton, may in fact have been the target of Willey's romantic advances--an easy mark for a calculating gold digger.
Nathan Landow has donated millions to the Democratic party.

I should dream of Mr. Brown all night!"
The dream about Mr. Brown is him being a vampire. 

Not exactly.
Not what I am looking for.

Telepathery or something.
It is called telepethery or something like it.

It was highly possible that it might prove to be Whittington.
Whittington has a high probability of being the one because of his awkward disappearances of late.

The president needs to spurn the vital center, defy the spirit of reconciliation, and recognize he has only a little time left to tell the public what it doesn't want to hear.
The President has a great responsibility to the outcome of a nation's success.

At low tide you can walk or wade out to the little island of Grand B??, with its simple, unadorned tomb of the locally born Romantic writer Ceteaubriand.
Unbeknownst to the visitors, he is not in his tomb. He was drafted into the Vampire Wars.

I can confirm he does, for I have tried to convey the same Ionian Enchantment in my recent book How the Mind Works.
I worked day and night to convey the same Ionian Enchantment in my recent book "How the Mind Works." 

These organizations range from groups that disseminate information on immediate threats and vulnerabilities, to those that seek to facilitate information sharing between public and private entities on industry-specific threats, to those that promote coordination across infrastructure sectors and on an international scale.
Some groups disseminate information to the news organizations. 

Accordingly, the legislation requires that agricultural employers recruit U.S. workers first, and that the terms of work offered foreign workers, when
Legislation requires that agricultural employers prioritize recruiting U.S. workers first, so companies do not artificially enhance profit by hiring cheaper labor through foreign employees at the expense of U.S. workers being locked out of jobs. 

When high-status males leave their wives for a younger model, you can stigmatize them, damaging their social, and even professional, standing.
When stigmatizing a high-status male, there is a high risk of accidentally also stigmatizing the wife.

It merely demands a certain and prompt conclusion to the exercise that is acceptable to the United States.
It requires a certain conclusion to the exercise that can be accepted to the United States, said the lawyer.

The Romanesque facade makes a striking contrast with the eight Byzantine cupolas and two minaret-like towers around a central Gothic cone-shaped dome, reminiscent of Venice's Basilica San Marco.
The Basilica San Marco was deliberately copied by the designer.

Here, again, was a world they could understand.
They are in a world that is not native to them.

well that kind of caught me by surprise it's kind i think i think that they have changed drastically i mean i think about people like my mother who you know gave up their careers and stayed home to raise kids and um you know played a really subservient role in the family and i just don't see that anymore at all
The change is born of very active calling for it within the community. 

Mysore remains a pleasant, airy city, famous for its sandalwood and frangipani, jasmine, and musk.
Mysore exports its perfumes to be used in products worldwide.

'That's very generous of you.'
You are donating to a good charity.

The plan describes the legal work, allocation of resources, role of private attorneys, role of the client community, role of service providers, governance and program operations and intake for Indiana Legal Services, Inc.
The plan describes the legal work required by everyday individuals to take on the world

The carpenters were likewise effective.
The carpenters were very skilled and experienced.

The sights below were out of a ghoul's bacchanalia.
It was quite terrifying to think about and even more so see.

Funny that those noises which they had heard before had not had significance earlier.
Now the noises have become significant over time.

Many injured ED patients are screened with a BAC, which can help identify intoxication.
A BAC is the best screening method for patients.

and you've been locked up with folks all winter it's time to get away by yourself
you've been stuck in a house with people you don't even like

Meanwhile, the New York Public Library's brand new Center for Scholars and Writers unveiled its first class of fellows, each of whom will receive a $50,000 stipend and an office in the venerable library.
The fellows of the Center for Scholars and Writers are mandated to spend at least 70% of their stipend on research projects.

Bauerstein was saying yesterday that, owing to the general ignorance of the more uncommon poisons among the medical profession, there were probably countless cases of poisoning quite unsuspected."
Many murder cases were overlooked, as medical professionals did not have the knowledge to claim a subject had been poisoned. 

Continued categorization of expenses as investments for stewardship purposes is predicated on demonstrated outputs and outcomes consistent with the intent of the program.
Continued categorization of the expenses as investment in non-profits must fit the intent of the program.

I'm a damned fool! 
I am making foolish decisions.

The daughters of the archdeacon were well grounded in household tasks.
The daughters like playing after doing housework.

He's been sucked into the cultural ether.
The cultural ether has sucked him into, said his teacher.

A wire signed with your name? 
Your name is a long one. 

As Arab armies massed on the borders of Israel in 1967, the Israeli Air Force destroyed the air forces of Egypt, Syria, Jordan, and Iraq with a preemptive strike.
A preemptive strike saved Israel from Arab armies.

If granny needed an operation, there went the tuition for junior's college.
The college fund got spent on medical care to they had to borrow student loans.

Some terms are designated as Special Term from SFFAS # and are terms defined specifically for the standard indicated.
Special terms have to be approved by a third party.

One route required the user to access the Information Sources, Dockets, and Air and Radiation Docket and Information Center web pages before arriving at a link to proposed rules available for comment.
The user was able to access this information.

He didn't want to lose Adrin.
He didn't want Adrin to run away from the village and not come back.

The interior was covered with golden mosaics, lit by countless flickering candelabras.
The candelabras were fake and run off electricity.

Gilbert is also believed to have carved the magnificent cap?­i?­tals topping the pillars of the nave and aisles.
The cap?­i?­tals are the only known works of art by Gilbert.

education and training enhance the knowledge and skills of a nation's work force-the nation's human capital
Education and training help the nation's human capital to be more productive.

This was the field base for Howard Ceter during the long search that finally resulted in the finding of Tutankhamun's treasure-filled tomb.
There were pounds of rubies in the tomb.

The nearby Cite de la Musique, on the other side of the canal, has a new concert hall, the ultra-modern buildings of the Conservatoire National (music academy), and an impressively large rock venue, the Zenith.
The nearby city has a couple of music venues.

Kamari and Perissa are growing resorts with a range of hotels, bars, and restaurants.
Perissa has the most amount of hotels of the two.

While multiple systems on one site are common, the number of required systems to serve large MWe of capacity has been decreasing.
There are usually multiple systems on one job site.

Shepherd, of course.
Of course it was Shepherd who stole the cookies. 

Artists with the finest of brushes paint the minutely detailed religious paintings called thangkas.
Your average artist couldn't even begin to draw this kind of religious paintings, because he would lack skill and experience.

vegetables once in a while
Vegetables from time to time; specially spinach, carrots and potatoes.

Rising above the flower beds is the solemn Scott Monument, complete with a resident flock of pigeons that badger people on surrounding park benches for crumbs.
There is often a flock of pigeons that congregate in the town's square as well.

um yeah to a point it's not my best subject
I'm not good at all at that subject to a point.

yeah so Twin Peaks um what happened was i think Twin Peaks um went went off they moved to a Saturday night for a while and then put and then put something i guess Gabriel's Fire on it and at Thursday nights and then they moved um no Gabriel's Fire was on CBS i think i i take that back i'm not sure but anyway they moved it back and forth and that's when Peaks was back in that time slot as well so i don't know
I wish they'd leave the schedule alone, because I love watching Twin Peaks.

One especially prominent activist was Mueoz Maran Rivera, who is credited with helping to move Puerto Rico toward the 20th century.
There was a large group of activists in Puerto Rico at the time.

The area of Mar Menor is also noted for its windmills, some of them restored to perfect working condition.
There are over 300 windmills at Mar Menor.

Their sandstone facades reflect the sunlight, rosecolored in the morning, golden in the heat of the day, and smoky purple as night falls.
In the middle of the night, the sandstone facades look dark blue.

And people say that coincidences don't happen! Tuppence tackled her Peche Melba happily.
Tuppence and Peche Melba rolled around on the ground.

He wore black leather armor, a black cloak, and a black cloth over his nose and mouth.
He was unable to be injured because of his heavy armor.

We subsequently interviewed 50 percent of the Federal CIO Council members as a means of comparing federal CIO practices with our case study results and ensuring that practices used in the industry and state organizations also addressed the challenges found in the federal government.
Federal CIO Council members were not happy about being interviewed.

But the best cellars open to the public are those in the chateau at Clos de Vougeot, owned by the Cis?­ter?­cian monks until the Revolution and now the property of the Chevaliers du Tastevin (fraternity of wine tasters).
The Cistercian monks used to offer wine tastings.

under care there
He is currently under care at the hospital.

His sense was that the field would benefit from starting in the practice setting to learn how interventions work in real-world clinical settings.
The field currently isn't learning anything in a simulated setting. 

Two riders wheeled around the rock.
A couple of bike riders jumped their bikes over ditches around the rock.

Then I will leave the remarkable similarity of hand-writing between the note, the register, and your own, to the consideration of the jury, said Mr. Philips, and sat down with the air of a man who has done his duty, but who was nevertheless horrified by such deliberate perjury. 
Then I will let the jury decide whether the hand-writings are by the same person.

Seems to act just like a drug
It has an impact on people much like cocaine does.

Well, she is an ambitious, alluring young thing with an ability to attract powerful men.
She is an ambitious, young woman with a business degree.

A third change that would be made immediately concerns the provisions for parcel mail in Alaska.
The third change will make more provisions.

Why am I called?
I was contacted for a good reason?

One reason, she said, is a due to a limited budget.
The budget is limited due to a high level of mismanagement.

A few kilometers farther south you'll come upon Surprise View, a lookout that offers a panoramic vista of Derwent Water with Bassenthwaite Lake in the distance.
You can go to Surprise view walking.

 "I can try.
I will try with all my might to eat the dinner you made.

sure they should have them go out and doing stuff cleaning up or picking up dirt or weeds or who knows what something for the for the state since the state is paying for them they should get some kind of kind of work out of them
They should have them doing something that benefits the entire state, or at least the facility.

This, the grandest and richest of all churches to stand here, was destroyed in the year 614 by invading Persians.
In the year of 614, 10,000 Persians marched here to destroy the church.

the nice thing about dragging that is that it's very very convenient to travel on the highway with because it's very low
It's convenient to drag a trailer on the highway.

No warrior would dare slap Ca'daan now that a blade as skilled as Adrin walked with him.
Adrin and Ca'daan are step brothers. 

For Master P, neither is an appealing prospect.
Master P is very picky in regards to projects to pursue.

Furthermore, the private sector has updated its internal control guidance with the issuance of Internal Control - Integrated Framework, published by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO).
The private sector changes their guidelines annually.

because i know i certainly wouldn't want to uh you know be endangered by somebody in a company that accidentally dropped something on me or you know because he was on drugs while he was there
I feel safer when people are drug tested.

no two other people
No, it's at least two other people.

Kindly answer my question. 
Tell me where you were that night.

Ca'daan rode to the eastern edge of the town, the trader's court.
Ca'daan was looking to buy some salted meat.

One of Guadeloupe's prettiest bays is Anse ?  la Barque (Boat Cove) so-named because fishing boats have long ridden out storms in its protected anchorage.
As many as thirty boats can fit in the protected area.

US Department of Commerce, Economics and Statistics Administration.
The US Department of Commerce oversees many departments.

i like probably uh the Houston Rockets shocked me the the i think it was last year when they uh last last year they beat LA last year
The Houston Rockets beat L.A. last year. 

it was a cop show
It was a live cop show.

he will help you avoid a lot of little things uh financially
He's a great tax consultant and an even better lover in the sack.

In 1929, disillusioned by the revolution, Mayakovsky wrote a protest play about the growing repressiveness of the regime.
Mayakovsky wrote a play to convince people to fight the regime.

4. Research is needed on referral strategies for more severely impaired, non-responsive patients, to assist them in gaining access to resources already available in their communities.
Research is the key idea behind helping those with disabilites

they'll say and here those of us at Dalmarva Power which is our power company you know we now recycle forty five percent of our solid waste and they
we used to recycle none of our solid waste

Laboratory and field experiments have shown reductions in yields for agronomic crops exposed to ozone, including vegetables.
Experiments show reductions in crop yields by up to 40% when they are in pollution

(The magazine revised its methodology to reward high spending on instruction.)
The magazine changed its methodology to reward some readers.

To the left of the port, beside the new medical center, is the Panagia Ekatontapiliani, known as the Church of 100 Doors.
The church has 100 windows.

Hankinson, the Supreme Court of Texas liaison to the Foundation, has worked tirelessly to ensure that poor and low-income Texans are afforded access to justice.
Hankinson grew up poor and understands the struggles that accompany it.

that's right across the country i don't think i could  i don't think i could
That's 2,300 miles away.

And a great marketing  Buy my books, because they're good for your daughter.
Your daughter will absolutely love reading my books.

sounds like some of the coin dealers i know
Coin dealers I know seem to be liars and thieves like that.

i mean that my my biggest problem with all of these wars is we spend all of that money on all these other countries and we have so many problems here at home that we don't address
It is stupid to focus on issues outside the country, if we have enough unresolved ones here at home.

you know it's like of course i mean i might be you know the the leading drug dealer here but you won't find me dealing in drugs i mean there's no connection between me and the people that you caught you know
The police have a hard time catching dealers.

These managers could now focus on, and be held accountable for, achieving goals instead of merely complying with rules.
The managers could focus on achieving goals instead of following rules, so they became instantly much more successful.

Despite the prevalence of alcohol use disorders, hospital administrators are likely to raise concerns about hiring additional staff to conduct interventions because they do not consider addressing alcohol problems as part of their mission.
Hospital administrators need to do a better job of addressing alcohol related disorders to treat patients seeking medical care and hire staff to address this area of need. 

They tried to make up for the ugliness of their new building by restoring Number Twenty Nine as a museum representing a typical bourgeois house of the period .
The new building is ugly, because the architect who designed it did a poor job.

The theory is not backed by hard science, and MI-based curricula often seem like time wasters.
The theory is kind of crazy but possible. 

I can recommend physical therapy for your spine, but in your case, I don't specialize in it, maybe you should ask at the hospital in Shpoolki, an orthopedic specialist from the local health clinic said.
He told me over the phone that he didn't specialize in that type of physical therapy.

So, the argument that we would simply have to find new buyers for government bonds is beside the point in the short run--and irrelevant in the long run, when Social Security will stop running surpluses.
We won't have to find new buyers for government bonds, but we will have to when Social Security starts to run surpluses in the future.

she said she would like to see homelessness as we know it
She also would like to see other forms of poverty.

Agencies must report in their annual performance reports on the use and effectiveness of any GPRA managerial flexibility waivers that they receive.
The most successful agencies report a higher number of waivers received.

what are you studying like yeah i remember when i was in school yeah
I remember when I was in school and learning about history.

News ' best colleges rankings.
My college was ranked as one of the best.

Well, we wouldn't mind hearing her back history, said Tuppence guardedly.
Tuppence wanted to hear her story and comment on it.

Promo lines for Yoplait's new 'playing card and watch parts on the bottom' yogurt.
Yoplait is an innovative brand 

That John Cavendish still loved his wife, I was convinced. 
John Cavendish had secretly fallen out of love with his wife.

We are face to face with an entirely new problem. 
This is nothing like what we had to deal with before.

On the other hand, if a postal service is above breakeven, its routes will be even more profitable and hence, more attractive to cream skimmers.
Not often are postal services above breakeven. 

There still are some bugs in the system.
The healthcare system still has bugs in it. 

Being in Salem will be a big plus for a lot of our clients.
Our clients are avid witchhunters and will love taking in the history of Salem's witch trials.

It is flanked by a building that protected aristocratic debtors (known as the Abbey Lairds) from arrest and certain imprisonment; civil authorities had no jurisdiction within the Abbey grounds and could not enter to arrest them.
The Abbey Lairds were seized and arrested as soon as they left the building.

okay yeah that's one of those that sits up at an angle back there yeah okay yeah yeah
I can't reach it from here because of its angle.

In my view, too many people today are trying to structure transactions and other business dealings so they are technically acceptable rather than doing what is right.
It's never better to try and pass by technicality, instead of by doing what's right.

you know and that's and that's and that's what that's what kindergarten was like and wouldn't it be nice if if we could solve all our problems by just sort of getting together and everyone in the world sat down and and took a nap together
Many of life's problems come from being tired and needing sleep.

yeah i was reading when you called  um how about movies do you like to go to movies
How often do you watch movies?

some of the little things yeah
Both little and big things.

This site provides access to publications and technical guidance related to accounting, auditing, financial management, and information technology.
Information technology is limited to PC and Linux operating systems.

Federal fiscal policy affects the amount of federal government saving and this in turn directly affects national saving.
The federal government is trying to save more and spend less.

But the London Evening Standard hopes the proposal will undermine a deeply controversial plan supported by the British government for a memorial garden to her to be created in Kensington Gardens in London.
There will be a memorial for Diana in Kensington Gardens.

More importantly, is it good manners?
It's always better to have good manners rather than poor ones.

An article hypes the Hale-Bopp comet, which will be visible for the next month, as the best celestial show in decades.
The Hale-Bopp comet is the brightest comet in the sky. 

The present value of estimated loan repayments is likewise included in the value of the loans receivable.
The present value affects a number of the calculations.

This peer group benefited from the opportunity to come together to discuss the challenges and new opportunities created by the processes of state planning.
There were ten people in the peer group.

Tell us what you saw at the hole in the sky.  A scream tore from the throat of the thing, and its hands came up to its eyes, tearing at them.
It screamed because it could not stand the color of my sweater.

There was no sound from below, and it did not seem likely that the doorkeeper would come upstairs.
It was quiet below, the doorkeeper had probably gone to bed.

After the stoning, there was a brief break during which Simon realized that sex with L.T.
Simon thought about how it felt to be stoned.

Well i most of them have uh the option the American American made cars have uh the the miles per hour as the big scale and they're little tick marks uh sort of hidden on the scale which shows kilometers per hour
All cars have the american option of have miles per hour.

Don't try to understand what is a mystery even to the Satheri, Dave Hanson."  "A reasonably intelligent man should be able--" Dave began.
You will never be able to understand this mystery, Dave Hanson.

embarrassing well yeah i just i bought the cloth and the the pattern for it i didn't um i didn't buy the uh i didn't buy a kit
I bought the crochet pattern and cloth, but no kit.

Finally, let me note that GAO is proud of its record in providing timely service to the Congress.
Gao works very quickly 

Developing new information systems that provide more accurate and useful information about the work programs perform which can be used for both evaluation and grants management.
In 10 months, there will be new systems that would give more accurate information about the work programs.

On August 11, 1995, the proposed rule was published in the Federal Register (60 Fed.
The proposed rule was published in the Federal Register after the debate was settled.

You'll never even leave it.
The dog will go with you everywhere.

what what kind of activities do you do with them
what kind of trips do you take with your kids

and so yeah i i didn't have to do it but the thing was that you have you know the whole the whole nation's watching you know like if if it's your class everybody that's your same age is listening listening to the radio
People of all ages were listening to the radio nation wide.

but that's i don't know i think it just builds on the foundation that they've already built you get people out of high schools and college junior colleges that don't have the background for an MIT kind of curriculum so
High schools never provide the kind of education needed to succeed in a STEM field. 

and they just enjoyed the income the extra
They enjoyed the extra income thanks to their side gig

The solicitation document used when contracting
The document is used for contractors in the hospital setting.

The I-CAN project, funded initially by an LSC technology initiative grant, was developed by the Legal Aid Society of Orange County (LASOC) to help pro per clients fill out Judicial Council forms in family law matters.
Many grant-awarders were leery of the I-CAN project's ability to succeed.

the cards ah dear i didn't have to bother with that at all thank goodness yeah
The cards would have taken me a long time to do.

Impossible! broke simultaneously from both men. 
Both men broke at the same time as they fell, but only one of them manged to get back up.

6 percent of GDP, net national saving was 5.7 percent of GDP.
Net national savings isn't important to keep a measure of, when it comes to GDP.

Nowadays, sadly, the custom of giving away the tapa is nonexistent, though the idea of selling snacks is stronger than ever.
Ten years ago, the custom of giving away the tapa was still happening.

The benefits to be gained in air quality were calculated by EPA for the first six years (including the interim program) to be reductions of 125,000 tons of hydrocarbons, 2,388,000 tons of carbon monoxide and 450,000 tons of nitrogen oxide.
The improvement in air quality is likely to prevent any future occurrences of acid rain.

Now with Newt in hiding, that dynamic has changed.
Newt is hiding from the media.

yeah that's not bad
it's definitely better than it was two weeks ago

a lot of women most women control the budgets and they control the money and they control the husband  i mean most of the time that's how it works so so therefore i guess that they their they see that um
This type of relationship is unhealthy, but can be rectified.

Now, of course what is good for the individual is not always good if everyone else does it too.
We should act in the interest of the group instead of ourselves. 

Their crisis came on 24 August 1572 with the infamous Saint Bar?­thol?­o?­mew's Day Massacre.
After the massacre, the survivors began to flee the are en masse.

A serious effort to curb E. coli would focus on the cattle rather than on the processing of their meat.
Regulations on meat processing have been unable to curb E. coli.

I stared at the front page, and wanted to cry.
I thought to myself that nobody would ever report such a thing, but as I looked at it on the front page, I felt tears in my eyes as I remembered the message the headline was attempting to spread.

um-hum well it sounds like you're you're uh you know got it got it well in hand i i just i go great guns for a few weeks and then i something something something happens that disrupts my schedule and then i just find excuses and the next thing you know you're not doing anything
Thing often get int he way.

Here you remove your shoes (lockers are provided) to visit the outer part of the hall, called the haiden (oratory).
You will be thrown out for wearing shoes in the haiden.

The qa'a led to the family rooms.
The family rooms were larger.  

Jim Kempner also claimed a misunderstanding, saying that his price, curiously enough, was really the same as Pace's--$18,000.
Kempner said he had written the price down wrong.

The Kal shrugged.
And then The Kal raised his armored shoulders.

His election is inevitable.
His election could have been prevented a month ago, but it's inevitable now.

Havana's next-best cabaret show, smaller and less expensive, is Cabaret Parisien, at the Hotel Nacional (Calles 21 and O, Vedado; Tel. 30-3564), nightly at 10:30pm; admission is US$35.
Cabaret Parisien is a cabaret show and many flock to watch it.

The cover story explores modern treasure-hunting.
The main article was about the highs and lows of treasure-hunting in this day and age.

The house is now open to the public, with limited hours.
The house used to be closed to the public.

i you know i think people that own homes a lot in North Dallas are very materialistic
People in North Dallas only care about material goods and nothing else. 

The only standard by which news organizations feel comfortable evaluating a policy is success or failure, not right or wrong.
News organizations have the feeling they need to survive.

Since Orange is the gateway to Provence, make an appropriate entrance into town from the north, at the imposing three-arched arc de triomphe.
The town can be entered from any direction.

Furthermore, while there have been no definitions or real elucidations, the discussions seem mired in the concept of a personal Christian-type deity, as though the ability to prove or disprove the existence of that sort of entity is in some way dispositive.
A god certainly exists.

Across the transept, though, the main altar outdoes the coro's splendor.
The main altar is across the transept and is better.

Parcells' players and assistant coaches follow him loyally from city to city.
Parcells has done a lot of work to earn their loyalty.

It is dominated by the well-preserved Matsuyama Castle, which was once the redoubt of the Matsudaira daimyo.
The castle is one of the oldest in Japan.

Given the scope and nature of challenges facing the new department, the critical question is how can we ensure that the essential transformation and management issues receive the sustained, top-level attention that they require.
Transformational management solutions have already been started to implement. 

The condition of an asset is based on an evaluation of the physical status/state of an asset, its ability to perform as planned, and its continued usefulness.
Assessing assets like this allows for a more thorough understanding of what the asset has to offer.

The rest of the state would be divided into five regions of two to seven counties each.
Nevada is divided into five regions.

Inflation, by definition, occurs when the government increases the money supply faster than the real growth of the economy, because this increase is the only way more money can become available to chase the same number of goods.
It is important to balance available goods with a means to procure them.

Most important of the original 12 towns of the Etruscan confederation, the town dominated Rome in its heyday of the seventh and sixth centuries b.c.
There are 12 towns with more than 4,000 people in the confederation.

You'll need to walk down a long steep corridor to reach it.
The steep corridor brings you nearer to it but not to it. 

yeah because well my brother-in-law lives in Minnesota and they're just nice plastic bins and you fill them up and put them out with your other trash and they pick them up
There's no benefit to recycling in Minnesota, but they make it convenient.

Other nightclubs place as much emphasis on drinking as dancing, including Drink Las Vegas (Tel. 702/796-5519), a fabulous two-story nightclub with numerous bars serving every drink known to man.
A lot of nightclubs focus on drinking because that's what people like to do on vacation.

Its spin-off industries, prosetution and pawn shops, also thrive.
Along with pawn shops, prostitution, and pawn shops; gambling is a major activity.

I waited.
I waited for the mail to be delivered. 

EPA published a Notice of Proposed Rulemaking on November 9, 1994.
The EPA published the notice on their website.

Lewinsky why she invited her to lunch.
Lewinsky invited the reporter to lunch.

You'll also see why Cartagena is called the City of Castles. 
Cartagena  is in Spain.

Edits are programmed to perform various comparisons, verifications, and calculations to produce outputs that effectively replace many of the manual invoice processing and examination procedures.
Edits are programs which run on many different platforms.

well i see that we both share the same belief here that it's important that we spend time with our kids and and in spite of
I wish that more people could work less, and spend more time with their kids.

you know a beef and broccoli or chicken or chicken and broccoli or something like that you know chicken and cashews and she orders um bean curd
The chicken and cashews she orders with bean curd was pretty gross. 

Figure 4.3: Composition of Federal Spending as a Share of GDP Under the Save the Social Security Surpluses Simulation Percent of GDP
Figure 4.3 has twenty pages on data about financial spending.

Antiques and Clocks
Antiques, Clocks and Chairs

He had made a most remarkable recovery, and Nema didn't even seem surprised.
He had only been injured just yesterday.

Mandating Collaboration Through Federal  YEDPA and the CETA-School Linkage.
There is a linkage between CETA and School funding.

Where's the next draw?" The notebook lay on the table between them.
The notebook contained a vast amount of information.  

It _sounded_ like it was out by the hill. That was truthful, and useful as well, since the direction was almost opposite that in which the barn lay.
The sound came from the barn, but they didn't want anyone to know that.

Poirot came to the point at once, with a business-like briskness. 
Poirot responded quickly due to the importance of this project.

But I agree with you that when it comes to the upshot of the whole story, those scanty last few pages on what it all means, Lemann just throws up his hands, and leaves a lot dangling.
Lemann did not put much thought into writing those final pages. 

No doubt the fellow was very useful to her. 
He has a variety of skills she lacks.

The agony could not be stopped, but he'd learned it could be endured.
The agony is only temporary. 

Kentucky's current fee for filing a case in district court is $50.
Kentucky charges 35% more to file a case this year.

These collections are deducted from gross disbursements in calculating outlays, rather than counted in governmental receipts.
The government is required to submit receipts every year.

I will be back tomorrow.
I will come back tomorrow at noon.

From the Index: Percentage of American men under the age of 50 who own a pair of Dockers 72.
Dockers 72 are very popular.

you're kidding oh that's interesting
Oh a microbrewery, that's interesting

INTER-ENTITY - A term meaning between or among different federal reporting entities.
Inter-entity is a unique term. 

8.3 EFFLUENT SAMPLING RECOMMENDATIONS
Sampling often requires the use of Maths.

In the Smoking Room, based on the hall of the two sisters in the Alhambra at Granada, red damask couches sprawl along the walls of this mid-19th-century reproduction.
The Smoking Room has red damask couches along the walls, which visitors often relax on.

I was a hit.
People felt good about listening to me.

i can't remember how many it didn't take us but an hour i think or an hour and a half we were all pretty i think we had one man in there that uh wanted to find him guilty because he kept saying he did it then we kept saying he did it but the other guy you know yeah we had to convince him that um you know that yes he did it but he wasn't guilty he didn't need to go to jail for doing it that was you know he did it he admitted it that he bit that guys finger but he did it in self defense so you know we just didn't feel that he needed
We ended up sentencing the guy to six months' probation.

i i mean i wouldn't stay in the um
For good reason.

to help them
Working closely with them

If you go, don't forget to buy the illuminating book by its curator, Valerie Steele.
Valerie Steele wrote a book about injustices around the world.

they just do a urine test which i think they should do a a blood test because then that tells them that you know they testing for  drugs but i think it's like i tell and then you know they have all this smoking stuff why don't they just test for alcohol because that's between drugs and alcohol that's it
Why don't the police test for alcohol independently?

Shows 7 and 10pm, no late show Sunday Tuesday; dark Thursday; $38 or less (special rate for children 4 12).
There is no late show on Sunday because people have to get to work the next day.

We recognize that firms are being called upon to do not just this [loan forgiveness] but many other charitable things.
The loan forgiveness will make people more likely to go to college.

8. Traditionally, retirement income was characterized as a three-legged stool comprising Social Security, employer pensions, and individuals' own saving for retirement.
Average retirement age has been rising in recent years.

The engine started.
The engine started with a loud noise.

That's a queer name for a monster.
That is a very absurd and strange name for a supposed monster.

 "Did he tell you to ask me about it?"The flush darkened.
It was him that told you to ask about it.

The inquest was held on Friday at the Stylites Arms in the village. 
The jury wanted to finish the investigation before the weekend.

Sunlight shone normally on the world, and from under the roof he could see the gaudy blue of sky, complete, with the cracks in it smoothing out as he watched.
There cracks in the sky began to vanish.

Errors are considered acceptable under these  You have assessed the associated risk and found the errors are not significant enough to cause a reasonable person, aware of the errors, to doubt a finding, conclusion, or recommendation based on the data.
Errors are also acceptable if you find mildly significant errors.

He had been wondering when they would get around to this.
He had been anxiously waiting for them to address this.

Then they disappeared.
They were gone for hours.

Ask to be set back as far as possible from the main road for the best views and least traffic noise.
The best views are on the back of the property overlooking the beach.

Megiddo looms large in Christian apocalyptic beliefs, since the Bible gives it as the site of Armageddon in the Book of Revelation, the last battle which actually takes its name from the town.
Megiddo is a name with dire meaning to Christians.

The current Clean Air Act has been enormously successful, but we can do better.
The clean air act is good

If Franke-Ruta actually believes for a sane moment that Stein's cafe reflections are erotic confessionals, if this is the frustration she experiences from Watching the Couples Go By, then she had better not read anything at all.
Frankie-Ruta could believe that Stein's words are erotic confessionals, but I don't think they are.

and uh it's nine hundred and eighty square foot one two bedroom one bath
The townhouse is 981 square feet with two bedrooms, one bath. 

Johnny, she's been a-pinin' fer you ever sence you enlisted, an' last night durin' the fight she mighty nigh went distracted.
Johnny has come back from overseas.

It was very rusty, and had clearly not been used for some time.
It was rusty, and it would not budge.

Praise goes to its new emphasis on convenience--many recipes require just 20 minutes--and its inclusion of such ethnic dishes as tapas and Asian noodles.
The new restaurant was hurried into finding a way to make food faster

Countries can compare experiences, seek answers to common problems, and work to coordinate domestic and international policies.
Countries are safer when they work together on domestic and international policies.  

The Industrialist considered that.
The Industrialist thought that it could be correct.

Willis Hortoo, Willis Hortoo, Jack Germond exclaimed, perhaps referring to a recent interview in which Bradley castigated Gore for discovering Willie Horton in the 1988 campaign.
Bradley's comments about Gore were made in 1990.

A walk along Rua do Aljube takes you to some of Funchal's pedestrian shopping streets.
Those who enjoy shopping will love the shops in Funchal.

Little Tuppence.
Tuppence, a woman who was of a small stature.

when i i i happen to you know be i'm very active with uh people other people with children my age and most of us do tend to stay home but when i run into people that you know just have recently had had babies or have very young children and are working full time i there's almost a uh friction between us
I am not good friends with people my age who have children, and work fulltime.

As shown, the injection rates vary substantially based upon the circumstances.
Injection rates can be predicted  by looking at the economy. 

A more accurate title for the edifice is the High Kirk of Edinburgh.
It is being considered whether or not to rename the edifice. 

uh-huh that's that's probably enough
How much did you need?

In the same way, we have his statement that he put the coffee down in the hall. 
The coffee may not have been placed in the hall.

and dropping children off at the sitter and picking children up from school and
The children are dropped off and picked up by the sitter at a later day.

The Musee du D??barquement on the seafront includes an exciting film explaining the whole heroic action.
The film is entertaining as well as informative. 

I like your uncle, Tommy, said Tuppence, hastily creating a diversion.
Tuppence was lying when she said that she liked Tommy's uncle.

The ancient city of Caesarea is the jewel of the Coastal Strip, an extensive, dramatically excavated archaeological site and an attractive beach resort rolled into one.
The ancient city of Caesarea is a very beautiful city.

mine was definitely not impulse i really needed a new car mine was just it's getting worn out i guess from being a sports car i drove it kind of hard
I bought a new car because I needed one.

The Satheri would hardly feel very grateful to a mandrake-man who had accomplished something beyond their power, now that the crisis was over.
The Satheri would probably feel embarrassed that a mandrake-man had done something they could not.

It's a picture of a needy young woman, one whom any older man with something to lose--or half a brain--would have the sense to avoid.
Needy young women always prey on older men. 

In the very few places where the book goes into any detail about anything, the political purpose is transparent.
There are 4 chapters that go into great detail.

During the '70s and '80s I packed up each February and headed west to work replanting clearcuts and thinning young trees in the rainy woods around Forks.
Thinning trees was very physically exhausting.

I tell you there isn't much time."
We need to move very quickly before we run out of time.

Archaeologists also discovered a number of simple tombs where the artisans buried their dead.
These tombs has no writing or decoration at all.  

He's a faithful fellow, and very ready with the fist."
He is a faithful fellow and very well trained in boxing.

When he died (of natural causes) in 133 b.c. , his subjects were dismayed to learn that he had bequeathed his entire kingdom to the Romans.
He died in 133 b.c. according to the history teacher.

They produce plans that link to overall business plans and assign managers to act as liaisons between business units and CIO organizations.
They have plans to assign CEOs to the agencies.

You may not believe that such intervention will work in practice, but that's a judgment about the rules of politics, not economics.
Such interventions will only work in practice if they're executed perfectly.

in fact i did one uh Bill the Cat you know from Glenn County
Bill the Cat is from Bloom County.

The Glassworks contain what editors crave--stories with energy and imagination and originality.
Glassworks reaches out to unique and creative writers to find new stories to print.

Nijo Castle is a poignant monument to the ironic twists of history.
The Nijo Castle was built in 1503.

As a result, the online user could review all comments on a rulemaking and file a responding comment while the comment period was still open.
The online user could review all the comments made about the regulation and then respond to them in that same period.

News accounts agree that Arafat has finally shed his image as a terrorist and is now being honored by the White House not only as a virtual head of state but as the indispensable player in the peace process.
News accounts agree that Arafat had repaired his image among the Public and the President.

(Even if they said they'd done it, Bob says, would you believe them?
Bob does not trust them even when they admit their fault.

Front Square and Parliament Square, dating from the 18th century, are surrounded by the Chapel, Dining Hall, Examination Hall, Reading Room, and anchored by the splendid Campanile.
Parliament Square is similar in design to Front Square. 

'Um,' I coughed.
I coughed because of food caught in my throat.

It was a meal the likes of which he had not eaten in years.
It was a feast, which he had sorely missed over the years since his last.

The woman smiled back.
The woman showed her teeth she was smiling so broadly.

All she did was grind herself up inside.
She couldn't stop punishing herself.

Chapter 5 focuses on synergistic combinations of control retrofits on a single unit.
Chapter 5 is important 

Yet beautiful women had been known to poison. 
The better they looked, the deadlier the poison.

To the east of Pothia, the road leads to a fertile fruit-producing valley near Vathi.
Vathi is the biggest valley around Pothia.

The immature design caused inefficiencies in manufacturing, rework, and delayed deliveries.
The design was based on blueprints that were 100 years old.

They are coming.
They are coming to the concert. 

We wanted to show that we were a part of the community and that they were a part of us, Padilla said. 
They care about the community.

it you know it uh i know most of the girls up there and the ones that keeps my kids are real good uh my son doesn't like people too much
His son is autistic

oh i'm in my paperwork here that's what i do when i wait for a phone call i get in my paperwork
I always do my paperwork when waiting on a call.

The military support never came, and as his troops fled the city after quashing the insurgency, Hitler ordered them to raze Warsaw building-by-building and thereby annihilate important monuments of Polish culture.
The city of Warsaw was ruined during the German retreat of 1939 and the German's destroyed works of art, buildings, and public monuments.

Charity care at for-profit hospitals is half that of nonprofit hospitals.
 Most people at for profit hospitals have insurance.

so if they've just taken such action it would seem to indicate to me either they're doing it because they're afraid they might become a state and want to declare this before they become a state or maybe because they don't want to become a state for fear of losing the Spanish or Hispanic heritage
They might not become a state.

Abraham Lincoln, perfectly recreated.
The one that was Lincoln was a perfect replica.

GAO has developed a set of strategic goals and objectives that will help to support the Congress in its decisionmaking and improve the performance and accountability of the executive branch.
GAO developed these goals in response to public disapproval of Congress.

so that the topic is hobbies
so that we end up talking about what we do in our spare time

from the dock from shore
The fishing line reaches from the dock to the shore.

The loveliest avenue, the Prado (formally known as Paseo de Marta), runs from Parque Central to the sea.
The Prado is the loveliest avenue because it is decorated.

The best ceramic tiles ever produced in Turkey came from the kilns of Iznik, near Bursa, but these are now collector's items.
These tiles are elaborately painted and extremely beautiful.

and you know that was just a couple lines and you push a button and you hear a train and then the the the toot toot
Have you ever heard the toot toot sound? That's what you hear then.

AUTHORITY TO BORROW - Authority to borrow is a subset of budget authority.
Most mangers prefer to have an authority to borrow within their own departments.

uh she chewed the corners off the picnic table and chewed cross members off chairs
She was an absolute terror, destroying things. 

Police are said to be inept and corrupt.
This is because of cops looking out for other cops when a cop does something bad.

This was the buckskinned man who had whooped the train into town that morning.
This was the man who whooped the train that morning and then hit the bank.

Certainly.
Possibly.

In any case, he had had ample time to introduce the poison. 
He definitely had more than enough time to prepare, add in the poison and clean up. 

Built in a classical Indian architectural style, this huge structure is only two-thirds the size of the original destroyed by a typhoon in 962.
This structure sits close to the ocean and has little protection from the weather.

Ca'daan hurried while the man and girl ran with him.
They were running away from the demons.

The Commission adopted the Limit Order Display Rule and amended the Quote Rule pursuant to its authority under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, 15 U.S.C.
The Commission amended the rules it could, and created new rules where appropriate.

this subpart.
This is a subpart of the law.

: The Guns
The rifles. 

The answers are important enough that they will be a discussion topic of this year's Senior Day at 9
The answers to the crowd's questions will be the topic of this year's Senior Day.

Minamoto died in 1199, and the feudal structure passed intact to the tutelage of his widow's family, the Hojo, who were content to play regent to a figurehead shogun, in much the same way as the Fujiwara had done with the emperor.
Minamoto died in 1199 after falling victim to an illness.

The model law states, The insurer shall not be liable for any loss sustained or contracted in consequence of the insured's being intoxicated or under the influence of any narcotic unless administered on the advice of a physician.
Narcotics refers to drugs, intoxicated can refer to alcohol or narcotics.

Pitt's Harrer finally returns to Austria, dropping a music box--a gift from the Dalai Lama--in his son's bedroom.
The Dalai Lama wanred Harrer's son to have a music box. 

and and then uh then you're in the situation where you're very unhappy
It's important to find a way out as soon as you can.

could you hold on for just a moment okay
I'm going to put you on hold for a short while

John Cavendish was waiting on the platform, and piloted me out to the car. 
We were going to head to a business meeting together.

In what is artistically a predominantly Mughal city, the National Museum, on Janpath (Queensway) just south of Rajpath, is worth a visit for its collection of old Hindu sculpture, in particular those from medieval India of the kingdom of Vijayanagar.
The National Museum has the largest collection of Hindu sculpture than any other museum.

At dawn, its color changes from milk to silver to rosepink, and at sunset it is golden.
It is the most beautiful at dawn.

yeah they were i tell you they don't talk about they're charging that enormous fee every year
I wish they would stop charging that fee. 

As we've seen, stealth weapons blind the risk-averse public and policy-makers to the genuine perils of combat in the opening days of any military engagement, turning war into an out of sight, out of mind proposition.
the risk-averse public and policy-makers are unaware of the effects stealth weapons have on their ability to gauge the perils of combat. 

Teen films no longer glorify drug use, but other than that, very little.
Teen films like Twilight do not make drug use look good.

right we have enough enough problems with overcrowding in the jails as it is so let let their country take care of it we don't have i guess too much trouble in Dallas with well i guess i guess we do have a lot of people come in from Mexico
Dallas has more Mexicans than Houston or Atlanta.  

so do you fish
What kind of bait do you like using for fishing?

Along the banks, barbecues convert the sacrifices into lunch.
The smell of the barbeque smells very appealing. 

The troops didn't fire.
The troops had no bullets in their guns.

He got up, and so did she.
They were sitting on the floor.  

you too all righty bye bye
I love you too, bye!

The Web site features a search engine to help you locate documents using key words and phrases.
The website features a dynamic search engine on the top right header.

In addition, other increases in project management and labor productivity and efficiencies in using resources and equipment can occur with multiple system installations on one site.
If multiple systems are installed, labor productivity will increase 55%.

Or, more creatively yet, maybe one new senator could just stop talking for a while.
The new senator is not popular.

About half of it, however, is out of bounds to all but the military, but that still leaves huge areas of sand and surf.
The sand is a bright white.

Mrs. Inglethorp didn't have a candle, only a reading-lamp."
Mrs. Inglethorp's reading lamp is really bright.

Wiley's overexplanation of everything two people can do to each other with their mouths raises this  Do you really need a five-minute video segment on whether or not to swallow?
Wiley thinks it's funny to give explicit details of a sexual nature.

Today it is a busy market town and civic government center.
There are more women than there are men at the civic government center.

Founded on the tomb of a hermit, Saint Amadour, which was believed to have mystic curative powers, Rocamadour attracted Henry II of England and a number of French kings after him.
The kings visited hoping to gain health and eternal life.

But if it fails, the stakes are enormous.
The stakes are enormous if the business venture does not succeed and the board is forced to declare bankruptcy. 

(Key to  Monica's lawyers brought a 46-year-old female colleague to guide Monica through the sensitive parts of her story.)
The 46-year old colleague is a long-time friend of Monica's.

oh i have i've i've caught i watched that late um i guess it's on late Saturday nights or something that's on during the day as well
I did not watch it when it was on another night.  

and decided that he had a heart problem and you know here he was
It could be mitigated with a prescription.

i think she probably had a lot of influence on them and they probably would have never done something like that if it wasn't for the crime of passion type of thing
She probably influenced them to do it for the money because it is so unlike them.

They walked for a long while past huge slate boulders that collapsed centuries ago.
They were walking up the mountain for a long time.

And there was no one who dared pronounce his true name.
He was an outlaw in those parts, so everyone was afraid to even speak his name. 

As Lost in the Funhouse notes, Kaufman actually joined Lawler on the professional circuit and traveled across the country in a kind of touring carnival.
Kaufman and Lawler were on CNN together every week.

Box is used to describe the receptacles each family or business sets up on a rural route to which mail might be delivered.
There are a number of different possible routes.

For example, collocating OPM's retirement team members facilitated the sharing of information among members and led to improved work processes and customer satisfaction.
Sharing of information is a vital part of business success.

The real thing! 
I thought it was fake, but it is authentic.

The stories surrounding Prince Rama and his wife Sita involve ogres, demon-kings, and monkey warriors, all represented on stage by puppets.
The puppets on stage are life-sized, and hand carved by a master puppeteer from India. 

Now, to pass to another subject, had your mistress a dark green dress in her wardrobe?" Dorcas was rather startled by the unexpected question. 
Dorcas couldn't figure out why they would care about her mistress' clothes.

People come to legal aid offices with a wide range of problems, some of them falling within the scope of the program's priorities and others that do not.
Not enough people meet the too high requirements. 

The NEPDG carried out many activities, the results of which are subject to evaluation by GAO under the plain meaning of the statute.
NEPDG committed illegal activities.

This delegation covers authority and responsibility for operating activities, reporting relationships, and authorization protocols.
The delegation is long overdue and is missing a lot of information.

It would be hard for a beginning gardener to go wrong with daffodils.
Daffodils are the hardest flower to grow.

, GPO Access) and web sites for particular agencies or offices that have identified rules available for comment (e.g.
Offices may allow identifiable rules to be available for comment through certain websites.

The WP fronts a piece on wacky, esoteric college application essay questions that colleges like Bennington and University of Chicago are using for a variety of reasons.
The WP put out a piece on soteric college application essay questions for minorities.

The beautifully restored house contains some interesting furniture and plasterwork, and there is also a museum of rural life incorporating artisans' cottages with period furniture and tools.
The furnishing representing the eras fascinate most tourists who wish to take pictures of them.

, changes in PM concentrations of less than 0.25 eg/m3), in both 2010 and 2020, but more substantial improvements for a large percentage of the population, including improvements in excess of 2 eg/m3 for more than 24 million individuals by 2020.
These improved concentrations had a marked effect on premature mortality.

Don't hurt your party.
Your party would never recover from the hurt.

The road network is limited, but there is a bus service to the Kokkinokastro Peninsula where the most popular beaches lie.
In the summer the beaches get over crowded with tourists.

after a certain amount of years of service these employees can take off like six months or something for some type of sabbatical or some you know some something like that
A sabbatical can be shorter than six months.

Among the Cellini bronzes is an imposing bust of his master, Duke Cosimo.
The bust of Duke Cosimo was created in 1796.

After you pass the large new town of Ma'aleh Adumim and the Inn of the Good Samaritan, a side road and footpath to the left lead to the dramatically situated Greek Orthodox Monastery of St. George, built into the cliffside of the gorge of Wadi Kelt.
Ma'aleh Adumium has 2million residents.

A good idea, all puffed up, which is a bad idea.
A good idea overdone is a bad idea. 

 Somewhere in the combination of the science he had learned in his own world and the technique of magic that applied here there had to be an answer--or a means to hold back the end of the world until an answer could be found.
There must have been a solution that combined both science and magic.

Someone, maybe a family counselor, needs to deal with the alienation the youngster feels and the hostility harbored by your husband.
He should probably go to jail.

6 This approach makes CAMx well suited to estimate effects based on a range of ozone averaging times, an important capability for benefits assessment applications.
CAMx takes pictures of the ozone at different times to gauge the effects of different atmospheric interruptions.

and uh you know i mean i i guess as we get older if you're probably going if if you if you compare to go to a a sport a a say you go to a rock concert or or even a performance uh
The sport will wear you out a lot more due to the emotions.

on the house itself
on the house and nothing else.

This suggests that labor demands to install SCR's for the NOX SIP Call may not lead to increased installation time for scrubbers.
Not being faced with increased times for installation is a prospect that makes scrubbers happy.

so regarding this proposal um personally i guess my my initial feeling is that it it would be a great experience for kids um i i don't think that they really get that sort of experience working with the community
I think the kids should help the community with a garden.

Indeed, many small and furry animals tend to be funny and, if you squint, resemble genitalia taken disturbingly out of context and scampering about the place.
This is because small and furry animals are descended from small furry penises.

To Queen Victoria, Lin addressed a famous letter, pointing out the harm the  poisonous drug  did to China, and asking for an end to the opium trade; his arguments are unanswerable, but the lofty though heartfelt tone of the letter shows how unprepared the Chinese were to negotiate with the West in realistic terms.
The introduction of drugs into China was due to tourists.

Limestone stoichiometry is the number of moles of Ca added per mole of SO2 removed.
 Limestone stoichiometry is the number of moles that can be drunk without dying.

Bonnie and Clyde (1967), on the other hand, presents criminality in romantic soft focus.
Bonnie and Clyde might be a unique type of film for its genre.

well i think it's it's not only depth i don't think that they've got the spirit or whatever to go out and get the people to support him i mean
I think they could get the support if they put in some effort.

but if you haven't made that moral decision can i take a human life even under those situations where either my life or a life of a friend or a life of a family member is threatened
It is really hard to decide to sacrifice one life for another.

The Palais des Papes is the resulting combination of feudal fortress and opulent palace.
Those living in the Palais were afraid of invaders.

yeah i'm still still i'm able to survive and and uh working for a company that reaps some benefits from the tax money it's almost like you're paying your own salary i don't work directly for the government but uh getting government contracts and being in the defense industry as it were even realize a little slim these days it's still uh
People who work indirectly for the government still enjoy public employee benefits.

The two men watched for a moment, then picked up their apparatus and turned to go.
The apparatus was a device that could turn back time.

Good weather, with hot days and balmy nights, is almost guaranteed and apart from the occasional unsightly modern apartment block, the coastline outside the resorts has considerable charm.
There is rarely the odd thunderstorm in the area of the resorts.

Shafts fall deep into chasms under the mountain.
The shafts were deep under the mountain range.

Most of the projects vanished after the sun fell."  Hanson remembered the man with whom he'd been talking before Nema appeared.
The projects could only be done in the sunlight.

Bad junk food from vending machines is all that's available at the summit, so it's best to bring your own supplies and, above all, a thermos of hot tea or coffee.
Chocolate is available in the vending machines on the summit. 

The cover story reveals that--brace yourselves--Americans work a lot.
Americans work more than most other countries do.

Jon leaped behind the rock and called for San'doro.
Jon spoke in Spanish when he asked San'doro if he was safe. 

The President's national homeland security strategy does provide for a proposed definition of homeland security, which should help the government to more effectively administer, fund and coordinate activities both inside and outside a new department and to ensure that all parties are focused on the same goals and objectives, results and outcomes.
The government is important because it coordinates lots of fundamental activities.

According to Jewish tradition, in even earlier times this site had been the altar where Abraham prepared to sacrifice his son Isaac and where the voice of God proclaimed such sacrifice was not necessary, an episode that forms one of the theological foundation stones of Judaism and of Western monotheism.
Abraham built the altar out of wood and stone.

By the end of the eighth century the clans had created a hierarchy of shiki, or rights, from the highest to the lowest ranks of society.
The hierarchy of rights was a deliberate attempt to consolidate power.

Lake Grasmere (11.2 km/1 mile long) and Grasmere village lie below a circle of rounded hills.
Lake Grasmere is one of the largest lakes in the vicinity of Grasmere village.

 Engineering and Design Guidelines for Duct Injection Retrofits
There are design guidelines for duct injection retrofits for factories.

We're meant to feel that we're coming to the end of the line, an impression confirmed in Domenico Gnoli's painting of an empty table covered with a lace tablecloth, Without a Still Life (1966), placed toward the end of the show and chosen for the cover of the catalog.
Gnoli painted an empty table late at night.

But he is yet a boy.
When he is older, he will become a fine man.

Newsweek 's cover story hails the success of the Hubble Space Telescope.
Newsweek calls the Hubble Space Telescope one of the biggest advances in astrology.

Similarly, readiness to cut down may not coincide with readiness to abstain.
Some patients are more ready to cut down than others.

Cattle need their last meal, after all.
Cattle that are not fed properly will provide poor meat.

But when I'm finished, I'll wait for _your_ true name!"  Suddenly Sather Karf laughed.
I will wait for your true name so that I can control you!

Following a bench trial, the district court rejected CCLS's claims on the merits.
CCL was close to having their claims justified.

Geveden said he's concerned because federal funding hasn't increased in recent years, and states with increased poverty are taking a greater share of the money.
If states with increased poverty continue to take bigger shares of federal funding, the country will be in a dire situation. 

In some cases, the project team may be unable to complete a project on time due to an unrealistic schedule.
Project leader raised the issue of poor scheduling at the board meeting.

i i i do it on my own schedule
I do not like using the club's schedule.

Tuppence and Jane took to their heels.
Tuppence and Jane ran for their dear lives.

The lobby outclasses the somewhat plain rooms, but they are comfortable and economical.
The rooms are a very good deal compared to other hotels.

a716(b) for a civil enforcement action to compel access to a record.
A civil enforcement action makes it so a record can be accessed by law enforcement.

As in America, British news organizations offer a wide variety of information to Web surfers.
British news organizations offer things on the web for Canadians too.

You will definitely be sharing the main islands with many other visitors, although this has not yet spoiled their charms.
The tourists make the restaurants a little cheesy, but everything else is still good.

To qualify for legal assistance, one's income must be at or below 125 percent of the poverty level, as determined by the federal government.
A person must make $20,000 or less to get legal assistance.

78 Text Box 4.2: Government Saving When Reducing Publicly Held
Government Saving When Reducing Held Publicly Last Week.

The Senate voted 66-34 in favor of it, one vote shy of the two-thirds majority needed.
The Senate was in favor of the bill but didn' t have enough votes to guarantee it.

Carnac is surrounded by fields with thousands of gigantic stones (menhirs) arranged in mysterious alignments and patterns set up over centuries beginning as early as 5500 b.c.
There are several principle menhir arrangements at Carnac. 

Other camel contacts are Desert Breeze, Jeep See, and Tracks.
Other reliable places for camels are Desert Breeze, Jeep See, and Tracks

and so um news stations always tell the story from a certain angle and that's why it's a good idea to get a wide variety of coverage so that you get a lot of different opinions you may never get the truth but you'll have a variety to choose from
All the news coverage is slanted so you need to watch different channels and read a lot of newspapers to get the truth.

Well, there has been an excruciatingly technical argument about this, mysteriously known as the double dividend debate; the general consensus seems to be no, and that on balance pollution taxes would be more likely to reduce GDP slightly than to increase it.
 Pollution taxes would probably reduce GDP by at least 5%.

For traditional Irish dancing, go to O'Shea's Merchant (see Pubs).
O'Shea's is famous for shows concerning Trad Irish dancing.

They stand at the summit of the art as originally practiced by the Byzantines, and are said to be the finest in Europe.
They are said to be the finest in Europe because they are known to be the oldest. 

And above all I want no mixing it up with any army patrol riding south.
I will allow people to fight with police patrols.

The rain irrigates the forests and fills the streams, waterfalls, and rivers that feed the lakes, so without it, of course, the magnificent landscapes would be altered forever.
The rain is the only thing keeping the magnificent landscapes popular.

The tomb of Mohammed Ali sits under the colonnade.
Mohammed Ali would have been happy to know his tomb was beneath the colonnade.

and the people in the city were saying well why should i go do that make the government do that that's not my job
The city people don't get involved in matters that don't concern them.

For weeks after the Kobe earthquake in 1995, mounds of garbage lay uncollected despite the quick resumption of other basic services.
The garbage workers went on strike after the Kobe earthquake.

Gill now heads the newly merged group's elder law team.
Gill recently was voted to head the group's elder law team.

Quick it was six months after his arrival but not smooth.
He was there for more than six months before this.  

The Enquirer ran photographs of that couple's recent romantic and very public evening out in Los Angeles.
The Enquirer printed photographs in full color.

I thought not. 
I figured he would not want the job.

Thompson himself is a Thompson cartoon.)
Thompson makes lots of cartoons. 

Does the United States Invest 'Too Little'?
They were pretty sure that they were correct.

Of the order in which you present them, I say nothing, truly, it is deplorable! 
The order you presented them in was terrible because it was the incorrect order.

We may have mistaken the direction of your talent, but nonetheless it is you who must fix the sky.
You have a large number of talents.

Some economists emphasize that the value of a statistical life is not a single number relevant for all situations.
Some other economists claim that you can just give a number and a cost to everything in the world.

Messinger can't break Giuliani's stereotype, or break out of her own.
Messinger's stereotype was that she would like watermelon.

Major wet FGD system components are shown in Figure 2-2.
FGD systems are banned in the country of Uzbekistan.

We do not fear the forces of nature as much as our species once did, because we understand those forces better.
Religion became a popular way to mitigate the fear caused by the mystery of the forces of nature.

Jon sped up.
He needed to get there before the enemy did.

yeah apparently you all were successful in uh convincing him at last
You convinced him to get a new suit.

Look for jewelry shops along Avenida do Infante D. Henrique and Avenida de Almei?­da Ribeiro.
The jewelry shops there are the least likely to rip you off.

it is i i love it i i in fact i was in Texas for a little while and i liked uh the barbecues and the Mexican food
A few years ago I was briefly in Texas and especially enjoyed all the barbecues. 

In addition, the city's rich history and architecture have made it one of the most popular tourist destinations in the United Kingdom.
The city is one of the oldest in the western world. 

The major hardware for an FGD system includes the flue gas duct system, limestone storage (including loading and conveyer equipment), gypsum dewatering and wastewater treatment, gypsum storage, piping, valves, pumps and tanks, electricity supply, controls, instrumentation, pipe bridges and cable channels, and foundations and buildings as needed.
The major hardware for an FGD system will cost millions of dollars.

and so if your number is below four hundred you're not going to have to do it
If your number is below 400, you are not experienced enough.

i think they must have worked on it because i've noticed one correction come through already it looks like
I picked up a correction they made in their software.

You will remember that, in consequence of the War economics practiced at Styles, no waste paper was thrown away. 
There was a strict penalty for throwing away waste paper.

Hume follows by asking whether this means that Starr's office is committed to eventually delivering a report (thereby indicating that Starr has credible evidence of impeachable malfeasance).
A report must be delivered by Starr.

yeah Um i don't know i think we should have helped the the innocent people in Iraq out a little bit more than rather than just quitting where we did
I think that we could have stayed there in a bit longer to help the people in Iraq as opposed to leaving like we originally did.

yeah uh Philadelphia area
Philadelphia's southern suburbs.

In commemoration of the 600 th anniversary of the great battle, in 1989 Lazar's bones were taken for a tour around Serbia and Bosnia, from monastery to monastery.
Lazar's bones were still in good condition for public viewing.

We all know people who are essentially hotblooded, or melancholy (which literally means black bile), or phlegmatic, or who view the world with a jaundiced eye.
There are usually 5-6 different things people have an outlook on and stick with their values.

i never neither and i never have figured out how he won the entertainer of the year for about three or four years in a row
I have never understood how he won that award so many times since all his movies are terrible.

Although their styles and strategies varied, the leading organizations we visited agreed that several key factors were important in attracting and retaining talent.
Some of the key factors the organizations agreed on were, education, drive, and principles.

plug it in
Power it up.

Horseracing.
Horses can race with or without jockeys.

According to Commerce Department data in the 1996 Economic Report of the President, total federal, state, and local revenues amounted to just 31.
Total revenues amounted to 31 in 1996, surprising for everyone that knew it.

Time 's is soft-focused and warmly lighted
Time's is soft, warm, and biased

The Vatican was upset when the fascist youth movement dissolved the Catholic Boy Scouts.
Eventually, the Catholic Boy Scouts were reestablished.

This site provides examples of public management initiatives in a variety of areas, including ethics, performance management, and regulatory reform.
This site has examples of initiatives in an array of areas. There is a small fee to access them though.

Purchases shipped directly from the shop to a non-EU country are not subject to VAT (though you may incur import taxes).
Make sure you know that you have enough money to pay fees before purchasing.

Oh! Tuppence jumped.
Tuppence leapt and landed on the floor.

'But I take it you mean something in particular?'
I guess you mean we should go somewhere particular?

I look forward to pilot testing these protocols from December 2, 2002 and lasting through June 30, 2003.
Pilot testing will begin as soon as possible.

He waited for some emotion, felt none, and shrugged.
The emotion he wanted to feel was happiness.

'And then what?'
And then what happens after bomb them?

Only askin' more than a man volunteered to tell, that warn't neither manners nor wise.
You might get punched if you ask a man more than he volunteers to tell.

yeah i think well it's it's definitely a problem and i think it could get worse
The problem could get worse if not solved.

It also has the world's largest collection of Nestorian croses from the Yuan Dynasty period.
These crosses can be bought from the owner of the collection.

that's nice uh well do you have children
Do you hace children? I do

In other states, the very development and implementation of such initiatives may require reconfiguration of organizational relationships and service areas.
In other states, the development and implementation of initiatives might require configuration of organizational relationships and service areas in rural areas.

are going to be killed  um there's people that come to the prisons and and they're very violent and they want i mean they're anxious for someone to be killed i just i can't see that
Prisons fail to solve the crime issue as the prisoners retain their violent nature.

West on the Via Porta Rossa is the 14th-century Palazzo Davanzati; its stern, fortress-like exterior still provides rings at ground level for tethering horses and on upper stories to hold torches and lanterns for festive occasions.
The fortress like exterior was a design by the Porta Rossa king at the time.

Still, there it is.
It remains there, and will be there for a long time.

The lettuce workers, talking about their incident last week, said their experience illustrates the problems.
The workers were experienced in not only picking lettuce but cleaning, wrapping and preparing it for sale to the local Costco.

We use lofty phrases such as 'with justice for all,' when we talk about our legal system.
The legal system has terms like "justice for all" to describe it.

In any event, the tie-in of the SCR and the FGD systems could be done in the same outage, and it has been confirmed that the installation of SCR and scrubber could be performed simultaneously without interference.
The SCR and the FGD systems are easy to implement.

The church has an even more elaborate Baroque pulpit.
The church is done in all baroque architecture. 

After sometimes bloody protests and under pressure from India's Congress party, King Birendra finally conceded to allow political parties and the kingdom's first truly democratic elections were held in 1991.
King Birendra was trying to keep the country under control using strength and fear, and that is a tyranny.

and you would think that uh in that time they'd uh get their lawns and and gardens established
Lawns and gardens should be the very first thing they do.  

We may promise justice for all, but for those who can't afford a lawyer, that promise is often a lie.
A lawyer is necessary in order to receive the promise of justice.

Yes, a good deal that was peculiar came out to-day, continued Poirot. 
Today brought forward things no one would have suspected. 

well as as you say the the um benefits are the biggest part of it i think that today with costs uh for medical insurance and eyeglasses and dental and all that it is a boom a a a plus to have that even as far as your uh salary goes you know along with it because it's not out of pocket money and it they also have good insurance uh life insurance policies good retirement Dakota the um jet funds all that stuff i think you know the IRA's
People who aren't covered by good policies have to pay more out of their salaries than others.

Golf in Madeira is a year-round sport; the island has 45 holes of championship golf divided between two courses, both esteemed for their scenic beauty.
Madeira has 45 holes of championship golf between two courses.

You'll need to go by car, taxi, or bus to reach the heights of the Mount.
It's impossible to reach the peak on foot.

The interior is decorated in Byzantine style and is strangely compelling.
The style was chosen because it was different than others.

The film is an understated but moving depiction of the day to day existence of an intelligent young woman growing up in France and later America and is praised as having captured something true about families and friendship (Kenneth Turan, the Los Angeles Times ). Kris Kristofferson's performance as the novelist-father is called the best of his career.
The woman grew up in Paris, France.

This small, round tree-covered island is a favorite vacation spot for families from the cities of northern Greece, being only 12 km (8 miles) from the coastline of Macedonia.
The island is also know for is beautiful beaches which crates a great place to spend time with their families.

is to have the drug testing
It will happen on a random day.

they're pretty brave
Some of them are brave.

Two thousand Protestants, in Paris for Henri's wedding to Catherine's daughter Marguerite de Valois, were killed.
Were killed two thousand Protestants, said the history teacher.

now like who's got that extra two and a quarter  i know i don't so
Nobody has that additional two and a quarter at all.

hum punishment thank you i'm sorry i just got home from work and i'm just kind of spaced out a little bit uh that not all of them are being um
I just got home from work.

Don't despair; make up your own picnic hamper from the local market before you get aboard ' cold meats, salad, Camembert, grapes, baguette, and wine can add a terrific sparkle to the countryside flashing past the window.
You are also advised to add beer to your picnic hamper.

Businesses that produce computers, software, semiconductors, and communications equipment have accounted for over a third of the growth in the U.S. economy since 1992.
The manufacture of farm equipment was also a major source of economic growth.

The hero was 38-year-old Broncos quarterback John Elway, who passed for 336 yards and ran for a touchdown to put the game away.
John Elway was never able to repeat this feat in his career.

You're skill with the blade is good.
You are really good with a samurai blade.

No other existing model is likely to be useful in the real-world setting of the typical emergency department.
The creator of the existing model has made many contributions to science.

The first infirmary was founded in 1737; in 1805 the Edinburgh Medical and Surgical Journal was the first in the world published to promote discussion and knowledge of medicine.
The first infirmary was built in 1737 and helped 15000 in the first year.

, new in paperback from Henry Holt Owl.
The book is very long.

No one would be caught dead carrying a bag.
Bags are considered a symbol of rebellion and unrest.

A cry went up in the night, a cry horrifying to Jon and unfamiliar to the riders.
The cry was frightening because it sounded like someone was in trouble.

oh yeah yeah if if it snowed that much in Denver you know they got that much up in the mountains you know just west of there
The mountains are a harsh environment to live in.

Now we're ready.
We weren't ever ready until now.

The Shaw Birthplace Museum , 33 Synge Street, is marked by a plaque written by the great man himself.
The Shaw Birthplace Museum is open seven days a week.

This system is used by the Congress and the Executive Branch to set priorities, to allocate resources among alternative uses, to finance these resources, and to assess the economic implications of federal financial activity at an aggregate level.
The system is well-liked by the Executive Branch while Congress finds it incredibly cumbersome to use.

9 million associated with the simulation scenario or a cost of $13.
The cost of $13 was naturally going to increase as more millions were added to the simulation scenario.

Superior Court Judge Los Angeles Career  Appointed by Gov.
The Gov. is the only one that can appoint Superior Court Judges.

San'doro kept his eyes on Jon for a long time.
San'doro's gaze stayed on Jon as he remained in the camp, watching for deceit.

Ca'daan could see twisted decaying teeth under the man's leather half-helm.
Ca'daan was disgusted by the teeth.

The train itself is relatively old, and only just in service.
The train is 70 years old.

Hey, what's that clicking?
That clicking is annoying.

Have a look, too, at the round defence tower across the road, which has been converted for use as a family dwelling.
A large family is currently living in the round defence tower.

Guidelines, while encouraged, were not considered to be mandatory for all business units.
Most business units still use guidelines.

The chapel on the first floor, with stained-glass windows and Rococo plasterwork, has had a varied career as an Assembly Room and a cinema; Charles Dickens also gave readings here.
Charles Dickens gave approximately a dozen reading at the chapel. 

It gives her a wider berth than the specific and credible language, but it does not require her to appoint an independent counsel every time someone in the opposing party detects the appearance of a political conflict.
She is allowed a wider berth than specific language because she is a judge.

Even if we could afford it, we don't have the will to do it.
Even if we had the money for another war, we don't have the will.

The charming medieval and Renaissance center around the cathedral has been renovated and is now reserved for pedestrians.
Many visit the pedestrian zone because of the charming medieval and Renaissance center.

well that's true but there is not a whole lot between here and there
That's true, however there aren't many destinations between where I am and where I'm going.

In addition, testimony statements generally are not provided to agencies for comment.
Testimony statements are provided to social networks for open discussion.

These routes are largely a suburban phenomenon, they reach more stops in a day and hence, have more volume.
The routes reach more stops than they did last year.

The mosquitoes have gone, but its superb cathedral remains.
The mosquitoes used to densely populate this area.

yeah you just sort of you know well i guess i can just humor them you  know at this point but
I can just humor the guests at this party.

To some extent, Miller's fate is that of the Broadway stage.
Miller's musical fate is the Broadway stage to some extent.

Barnes won't lack for clients.
Barnes will have a very high number of clients.

well i am very much in favor of closing our door to some extent i'm afraid i've gotten a little bit America first when i get a cab in
I think limiting immigration is a good idea.

Floodlights dramatize the eerie ranks of gigantic stalagmites and stalactites, which crowd chambers up to 115 metres (350 feet) high.
Some of the stalagmites and stalactites in the chambers only took a few thousand years to form.

um besides uh gardening what other uh types of things are you interested in
Do you have other hobbies you are interested in?

You will notice that the word 'possessed' is spelt first with one 's' and subsequently with two, correctly. 
You will find that there is a spelling mistake in one of the sentences.

Others argue that a competitive news environment is to blame.
Other people argue that the news environment is the reason for the paranoia.

Increasing national saving is an important way to bolster retirement security for current workers and to allow future workers to more easily bear the costs of financing federal retirement and health programs while maintaining their standard of living.
Maintaining a standard of living is important for workers.

Santa delivers to wrong house, returns to take it back.
Santa took the presents back from the crying children.

She saw it in the minds of the men at the tower.
THe men were watching her from the tower.

Ca'daan returned home filled with hope.
Ca'daan came home to restock on weapons.

You must know SOMETHING about her? 138 But the girl turned away abruptly.
The girl liked turning away after asking questions.

A third major data set comes from the California based 7th day Adventist study.
The final fourth data set comes from the Connecticut-based Meriden study.

Over his nearly 60 years, the Eustis, Neb., attorney has served in the Peace Corps in Colombia and worked as an advance man during Robert F. Kennedy's run for president.
The attorney studied for over 10 years to get his career.

and with pro ball you mean
You mean with pro ball players.

As a sidetrip, take the D909 east to the Mont Veyrier cable car, continuing on to the pretty town of Menthon-Saint-Bernard and its medieval castle high above the lake.
The sidetrip involving a cable car is speedy and efficient. 

With an estimated budget authority of the component parts of the new department of $37.
The new department's budget is largely being overseen by another agency.

More data on this issue could help us plan better controlled trials-who to target, when to follow up, and when to give boosters.
Finding data in the investigation might be difficult due to the sample size.

My cousin didn't think so.
My cousin had misgivings about it.

The Kendal Museum of Archaeology and Natural History, near the Railway Station, displays Neolithic and Roman finds from sites throughout the Lakes area, geological specimens, and a curious collection of stuffed animals from the region and throughout the world.
Some items that can be seen include arrowheads, spears, and a centurion's helmet.

However, FGD connections for single and multiple systems can typically be performed during planned outage times.
It is great that FDG connections can be worked on during outages planned

My style was different.
My decorating style was not the same.

They have been melded together, giving rise to a fascinating national  identity.  
They don't want to be melded together.

oh oh that's okay yeah Rochester's a nice town too they they said that they had had uh lots of pretty little parks and stuff up there that just been wiped out
The parks in Rochester were closed because the council had to make cuts to their budget.

It also includes a description of the number of small entities affected by the rule; a discussion of the recordkeeping, reporting, and other compliance requirements; and the steps taken to minimize the burdens on small entities.
Most of these burdens faced by small businesses aren't faced by larger businesses.

yeah but now you know i don't have a whole lot of time now but i have more time than i did so
I'm hoping to get more free time next month.

If the team perceived a person did not agree, it developed an individual plan to get this person's support.
The team had developed a fool-proof method for getting those who didn't agree with them to comply.

Check out our newest feature, Ask Bill Barnes.
You can check out our new feature, Ask Bill Barnes, on our website.

yeah some of my favorite groups are like Chicago and uh oh some of the i guess what what you could call softer rock groups they were the bigger groups in the seventies and  till all the heavy metal and all that came in and
Earth, Wind, & Fire are another one of my favorites.

As his health is failing, his usual Wednesday and Sunday blessings from mid-July to early September are no longer guaranteed.
He can still be relied upon to give mass at Easter and Christmas.

In Britain, where the government has refused to impose sanctions on India, the Times said that President Clinton needed British support and should have it.
While the UK has yet to reprimand India over its actions, the Times has produced a story that indicates Clinton will have British support.

It is said that 30,000 defenders died but there were 118,000 fatalities among the besiegers.
This left around 80,000 defenders in reserve.

Scores alone cannot be the sole basis for making decisions about college admissions, hiring decisions, or presidential elections.
A high score and a great heart might help you in attaining your goal.

The town offers a wide sandy bay and, to the north, swimming from the rocks around Cabo Cope.
Many people swim near the rocks around Cabo Cope.

That strange animosity which had flashed between them last night why had he felt it?
He felt a strange animosity between them which was strange because they were friends.

yeah they they'd rather go out there and play in the yard than eat
The kids would rather play in the pool then eat their lunch.

This massively delayed planning and bill-writing, a traffic jam that still has not cleared.
The traffic jam lasted for hours.

Some of these models have been employed in support of the development of federal clean air programs, national assessment studies, State Implementation Plans (SIPs), and individual air toxic source risk assessments.
Toxic air is bad for humans.

Tinos is a surprise because it is a center of Roman Catholic worship in an Orthodox land.
The area is primarily Orthodox. 

The elevator entrance (clearly signposted outside the cathedral) is in the right transept.
The elevator can hold 6 people at a time.

to protect agricultural laborers, both foreign and domestic.
Buying fair trade protects agricultural laborers. 

fell and cracked cracked her skull open and that was sort of it but just terrible
The fall caused her to crack her skull.

What did she say? 
What did she say to you about the event?

so they still had they had and they had people who came in who um supervised them all these houses were like fifteen or twenty of them all right together kind of like on one block and they had a a supervisory um
All the homes are in a small community about 15 or so houses, and they had people who were assigned to check on them. They make sure all the residents are taken care of.

But this is not the way to debate free-market pricing of technology.
The debate of free-market pricing of technology is relatively new.

He took a desperate step, trusting in his assumed character to avert suspicion.
He was worried that they would see through them

It is documentary evidence against me.
That book is a piece of evidence against me.

reasons therefore, and how not following the standard affected, or could have affected, the results of the attestation engagement.
Attestation engagement requires a lengthy review process of upwards of 50 hours.

Performance evaluation and feedback, supplemented by an effective reward system, should be designed to help employees understand the connection between their performance and the organization's success.
An effective reward system should be designed to help employees and dogs when at home.

He poured several skins together and drank the stuff, forcing himself to endure the agony of its passage down his throat.
After drinking, he was left with a sore throat for days.

I fixed my mind on my book."
The book was the longest I've ever seen.

The Congressional Research Service recently reported that in 1997 nearly 63 percent of workers between the ages of 25 and 64 replied that they did not own a retirement saving account, such as an employer-sponsored 401(k) or an individual retirement account (IRA).
Too many workers didn't have a retirement plan, which is shameful. 

The western end of George Street begins at Charlotte Square, originally named St. George's Square after the patron saint of England (mirroring St. Andre's Square at the street's eastern end, which was named for the patron saint of Scotland).
George Street runs right through the middle of Charlotte Square

What am I supposed to do?"  "Repair our sky.
He will repair the sky somehow.

Instead, Bradley repudiates the word.
Bradley rejected everything the man said.

The smoke hung lazily, drifting into vague patterns and then began to coalesce into a green houri without costume.
The smoke coalesced into a green houri, but then, a second later, drifted apart again, returning to its lazy drifting.

and Marxist Leninist communism is a threat to the United States because um the whole nature of it is to control the world the the whole goal of the Marxist Leninist theology is world domination
We must keep Marxist Leninist communism out of the United States at all costs.

A chartered DC-9 at 35,000 feet; dozens of turkeys rescued from a poultry farm; says PETA activist Christie Brinkley.
The PETA activist rescued the turkeys themselves.

Jon looked back deeper into the mine almost considering running down to find her.
Jon wanted to find her and decided to do it. 

he likes every time we pass one he wants me to win him a toy
I don't always win him a prize every time I play.

Despite LSC's significant efforts to improve the data accuracy, there may be occurrences of errors in documentation or substance in this number.
Data accuracy has improved by 75% as a result of these efforts.

The first stop on the east coast is Beppu perhaps the busiest and certainly the most intense spa town in Japan, with a permanent population of just 150,000 but about 13 million visitors a year.
The spa town brings in over 15 million visitors a year.

Although these studies were not specifically designed for policy analysis, the SAB (EPA-SAB-COUNCIL-ADV-00-002, 1999) has indicated that the severity-adjusted values from this study provide reasonable estimates of the WTP for avoidance of chronic bronchitis.
The studies were not designed for policy analysis and may be inaccurate.

Ancient glaciers eroded many of the valleys, creating space for the lakes as they melted at the end of the last Ice Age, approximately 8,000 b.c.
The valleys were created by the last ice age.

Some need medical care or veteran's benefits.
They all wanted to have equal access to their veteran benefits.

so that's why they're so um emotional about about statehood yet like you say it's they can't really support themselves so
They wish for more support from the state.

The general staff, for instance, has essentially forbidden Russia from talking to NATO.
Since the 9/11 incident, Russia can't establish communications with NATO, the general staff decided so.

The economy flourished thanks to the expansion of a vigorous entrepreneurial capitalism in iron, steel, and railways, augmented by overseas ventures such as the Suez Canal.
The economy had previously been in a decline.

yeah Denny Crum's pretty good
I think Denny Crum is very good but he is leaving soon.

The Lev Yerushalayim is a modern block with well-equipped and spacious apartments, situated only a short walk from the heart of the New City.
The Lev Yerushalayim  is modern and spacious with a kitchenette.

This group identified agencies that had implemented practices to reduce improper payments.
A few agencies had been actively working to increase improper payments.

Figure 4.4: GDP Per Capita Under Alternative Fiscal Policy Simulations (1960-2075)
The Last Figure

Get Adrin to us.
We want you to deliver Adrin so we can kill him.

Perverse as this may sound, Hitler is one reason why.
Hitler is one reason why Jewish people died. 

seams that need to be really strong need to be done on the sewing machine
Seams done on a sewing machine make stronger seams for tougher pieces.

In addition to asserting his authority over this region, the temples were also used for the storage of gold and other precious cargos carried by caravan from central Africa.
Diamonds from central Africa were stored within the temples. 

This confirmed my belief that Mrs. Cavendish was not speaking the truth when she declared that she had been dressing in her room at the time of the tragedy. 
Mrs. Cavendish was wholly and solely responsible for the tragedy.

Some monuments celebrate heroes, commemorate victories, honor kings or saints.
There are no monuments for politicians.  

The West tolerates Russia's atrocities because it has no choice and because it is better for Russia to take out its aggression on its own citizens than to go adventuring abroad.
Russian citizens appreciate the West not meddling with Russia.

but uh anyway so i guess that's about what i do when i entertain
I love making people laugh when I'm entertaining

Elsewhere, there are miniature palheiro dog kennels, and down by the river even the ducks have their own palheiro.
It's impossible to miss the small palheiro dog kennels.

it was they tried to keep it you know as very close to real
They have made a very realistic movie.

Don't be so negative.
People hate seeing you be so negative.

Overall, congressional requests for GAO work have increased from 10 percent in 1966, at the start of the Staats era, to 95 percent, at the beginning of my term.
Congress feels that GAO is the most effective agency to accomplish the tasks being set out.

 Bork sobered.
The boy sobered softly.

In March 1871 they took over Paris and a few provincial cities, and held out for ten brave but desperately disorganized weeks.
They had internal management conflicts.

yeah that's true that's true but i was thinking boy in Dallas if somebody asked me if there were places you wouldn't go by yourself at night i'd have to set them down for about five or ten minutes to list all the places out i mean
Dallas is not a safe city at night.

Lalley said the center will be staffed by Western Michigan Legal Services and a rotation of volunteers from the bar.
The volunteers want to help us out.

We find that the burden on low per capita postal systems is much greater than on medium to high volume postal systems.
It is more profitable to have a higher per capita postal system.

They stood before the firing squad on the Esplanade near where it crosses Frenchmen Street, named in their memory.
Near Frenchmen Street you can see a number of small graves.

The methodologies for selecting these leading governments are detailed in the respective reports.
The methodologies detailed in the respective reports are extremely well documented.

On 26 July 1953, rebels attacked the Moncada Barracks (the country's second most important military base) in Santiago de Cuba.
The Moncada Barracks were attacked by rebels because they wanted to send a message the government.

In the end, however, I got up and walked round the room, examining it.
When everyone had left I carefully inspected the room.

I am of the most serious. 
I'm not as serious as most people are.

Several times during the next 40 years they attempted to restore the Stuart dynasty to the British throne, though by this time the crown had passed to the German House of Hanover.
The Stuart Dynasty tried to win back the throne approximately 150 times. 

Or perhaps Mrs. Inglethorp herself dropped her candle."
The candles were huge. 

In one of Saul Bellow's books there is a sentence, which I have never been able to find since I first read it, about grasping the hot wire of publicity--and not being able to let go.
Saul Bellow knows a lot about publicity, which is why he wrote of it so well.

It is GAO's policy not to provide records to the public that originated in another agency or a nonfederal organization.
GAO doesn't give records to the public if they came from a family-owned organization.

The high-end beers cost roughly three times as much as the cheapest ones, and twice as much as the middle range.
The beers in the middle range are the beer of choice for most buyers.

Of course, no markets are really perfect in this imperfect world, and you want to be careful not to let suppliers exaggerate the constraints to buttress an unwarranted case for de facto or legislated monopoly.
There are people who nonetheless believe in the perfection of the market.

Weizmann was an important figure in the negotiations with the British government that led to the Balfour Declaration of 1917, supporting the idea of a Jewish  national home  in Palestine that also respected the rights of existing non-Jewish people already living there.
Weizmann believed in equal rights and wanted all religions to be respected equally.

From Humayun's death came the splendid monument located in Nizamuddin, the Tomb of Humayun, which was built by his widow Haji Begum and the inspiration for the Taj Mahal.
Haji Begum was devastated by her husband's death and spent every day at his tomb after its construction.

A literature search was used to identify facility acquisition practices and industry trends, as well as best practices and technologies being used to provide adequate management and oversight of design reviews.
A literature search was used to find best practices in the gym. 

FDA responds in the preamble to the final rule to several comments it received and maintains its conclusion that the rule does not have a negative impact.
FDA says the rule doesn't affect the body negatively.

and uh they had a huge room which was probably uh forty feet wide and a hundred and forty feet long uh and the central portion of that room was occupied by one huge O gauge layout running uh uh Lionel train and American Flyer trains
The O gauge layout was the only thing in the room. 

The Congress has a right to the information we are seeking in connection with its consideration of comprehensive energy legislation and its ongoing oversight activities.
The Congress can get any information they wish to see.

every city has you know their you know their free hospitals or whatever and i know a few people that have had experiences in those
Every city has free hospitals, specially in the south of the city.

This is where swathes of lush virgin rainforest mix with plantations of coffee on the high mountain slopes and meet thousands of verdant banana plants that blanket the coastal plains.
The rainforest, mountains, and coastal plains are all easily accessed and located in close proximity. 

oh oh yeah but then you think about how many have been in there longer than that
Many of them have stayed in there for longer than their official terms.

loves that's right loves the little dog loves to travel of course she's dead asleep before we get to the end of the block and she never you know she sleeps the whole time but she loves to travel
The little dog is a two year old cocker spaniel.

so what kind of garden do you have
What kind of garden do you have besides the rose garden.

Hochschild writes in a calm, understanding tone that tends to disguise how truly subversive and depressing her message is.
Her messages are subversive and depressing.

that's an interesting notion
that is an intriguing opinion and I agree with it.

it's not much different than when i lived in Roanoke Virginia which is really small town
Roanoke is a small town with only 10,000 people.

and uh i've noticed that now more and more individual people are speaking out for their own rights rather than massing together
people are more interested in their own rights than in others' rights

Subia never hides his identity.
Subia is really happy with his own identity.

The best beach in Europe ' at least that's the verdict of its regulars.
Europe has lots of stunning beaches. 

I know it will shock you to find out that, even as we speak, Phil Coles is a member in good standing of the venerable International Olympic Committee.
Discovering Phil Codes is a faithful member of the International Olympic committee may not shock you. 

The Copts, as they are known, have brought forth many influential individuals, including Boutros Boutros Ghali, former Secretary General of the United Nations.
Boutros Boutros Ghali was the Secretary General of the UN for 15 years.

benefits, recommended over 600 actions that have led to improvements in government operations, and provided 229 testimonies requested by congressional committees.
The governments operations were recorded by the committees.

The net effect of mapping increased program spending together with adjustments needed to update the assumptions of the CEF policy scenarios can be highlighted by reviewing the change in electricity generation for scenario D. In the CEF Advanced Scenario (based on a 1999 reference case), for example, the level of electricity generation in 2010 was lowered by 10% from the reference case requirements of 3,920 billion kilowatt-hours (kWh).
The net effect of mapping is usually a positive one

I, along with members of the GAO team, look forward to using these protocols to continue to serve the Congress and the American people while maintaining a professional, constructive working relationship with the federal departments, agencies, and other entities that are stakeholders in GAO's work.
The new protocols being used by GAO are being put in place in order to promote accountability, transparency, and internal efficiency.

Mrs. Cavendish fanned herself gently with a palm leaf. 
Mrs Cavendish fanned herself with the leaf to cool off.

The product's design is stable when all stakeholders agree that engineering drawings are complete and that the design will work and can be built.
A product cannot be stable unless you know it is physically possible to make.

The political culture of nationalism reserved its approval for those who led ruinous campaigns in pursuit of impossible quests, Ajami writes.
Ajami is a newspaper reporter in America.

Just like families with unsavory family members, legal services programs tolerated the presence of private lawyers in our pro bono models of delivery because we had to-not because we thought they were doing anything useful.
We want the private lawyers to learn from the pro bono cases.

The newer ballets do not elicit that response.
The newer ballets are not as popular as the older ones.

ANALYSIS OF NATIONAL HIGHWAY TRAFFIC SAFETY ADMINISTRATION 1998 LIGHT TRUCK CAFE STANDARD RULE UNDER 5 U.S.C.
Traffic is to be discussed at length in this document.

there's another one i want to see is uh uh Dances with Wolves
Everyone I know has been talking about Dances with Wolves.

And can this be explained without resorting to the phrase dumbing down or alluding to the questions on that Who Wants a Big Bucket of Money quiz show being multiple choice about the Brady Bunch , not like in the old days, when quiz show questions were so hard that you had to cheat to win, and presidential candidates all spoke in full sentences, in iambic pentameter, in Latin, while wearing complicated wigs and fancy hats and several layers of underwear with fastenings so elaborate you had to be like a genius just to undress for one of your Naked Fireside Chats from the Aero White House, a giant dirigible moored to Zelda Fitzgerald.
As life becomes easier and less challenges are presented the expectations of everything also lowers.

(Just remember to use sunscreen sunburn and possible dehydration are never too far away. )
The profits of soda companies are bigger in the summertime.

right i of course i work at TI and i'm a little puzzled as to why when they get my voice one time why that isn't enough i mean i'm i'm i'm getting a kick out of the whole program but uh there's going to be i guess thousands i don't know how many thousands or tens of thousands of these recordings and i wonder how they're going to analyze them whether it would be listening to them or analyzing i guess they've got to be analyzing with a a voice recorder some how
I can't imagine how anyone would work with all of these recordings.

who are actually who are actually countrymen of of i mean some of them were split off into Israel i believe and some of them are in Turkey when actually
They are now loyal to their current countries.

They are considered masterpieces, because the caves are actually man-made hollows in solid rock, from which a complex of architecturally elaborate temples and monasteries has been carved with simple instruments.
The caves are considered the unofficial 8th Wonder of the Ancient World.

The AICPA standards for attestation engagements provide for three levels of reporting based on the type of assurance the auditor is providing.
The auditor is a corporation.

Tommy felt that, thanks to Mr. Carter, he understood the position fairly accurately.
Mr. Carter made Tommy feel confident about the position.

Now, you should know that I put these remarks together over the weekend, before the December board meeting that took place Monday and Tuesday of this week.
These remarks were made over the weekend, where I watched a lot of TV and drank beer.

Mavens can discern between makers at a glance.
Mavens are a species of frog and makers are the female of the species.

When this occurs, especially in a strong control environment, denial is no longer an option, and managers have the information, as well as the incentive, to begin addressing improper payments.
Deducting improper payouts from manager's salaries causes all payouts to fall.

LSC published a Program Review Guide to aid staff and consultants while conducting on site recipient reviews.
Program Review Guide took LSC a year to complete.

Site selection More sites selected than needed; fewer sites selected than needed; inappropriate basis for site selection, for the particular job and evaluation question
The particular job and evaluation questions are Internet related.

so it was really good you know they were checking you know visually and
It was great that the police checked with their eyes.

i bet that that got pretty competitive you know as far as who could come up with the best recipe
Crawfish cooking probably got pretty competitive.

it's uh it's not by choice it's like everything everything else you know it's like if i want to do it i'll do it but you know it's like you know and uh you know i have a background i'm from Argentina
I have only been in America for a few years now.

13, 2001); Human  A Self-Assessment Checklist for Agency Leaders, GAO/OCG-00-14G (Washington, D.C.: September 2000); Human  Design, Implementation, and Evaluation of Training at Selected Agencies, GAO/T-GGD-00-131 (Washington, D.C.: May 18, 2000); Human  Using Incentives to Motivate and Reward High Performance, GAO/T-GGD-00-118 (Washington, D.C.: May 2, 2000); and Management  Elements of Successful Improvement Initiatives, GAO/T-GGD-00-26 (Washington, D.C.: Oct. 15, 1999).
Agency Leaders have improved performance since 2001.

Here you can sit under the shade of the trees away from the noise of the traffic.
The trees are very far from the traffic noise.

You can get their leaflet from the tourist office or by calling (07) 637 0648.
It's best to call first if you want their leaflet.

Troubled Monica is an old  Reporters needed a new angle for this round of Flytrap.
Monica is a troubled old reporter who still manages to make others happy.

uh i enjoy reading different types of things
I have a soft spot for detective fiction.

The walk to the summit is signposted, and upon reaching the top on a clear day it is possible to view the sweep of the coastline from Penang to Pangkor.
The walk to the summit takes about an hour at a steady pace.

143 "He's got away."
He got away just in time.

four people with with luggage and uh course this grant it that's you know it's been four years ago but it's remarkable that the that the bigger vans uh they're uh my boss just bought a a pick up truck and uh he only gets seventeen miles a gallon
My van gets much better gas mileage.

It is now a smart hotel and casino surrounded by beautiful gardens.
A hotel and casino can be found in the beautiful gardens.

are you a Native American
I don't think you are a Native American.

and he wants to be best friends but uh you know it's like
He wants us to be friends but I hate him.

uh-huh no i i wasn't either she my daughter um she's real good at finding sales though you know she she she'll buy a lot of she yeah she'll buy a lot clothes at the end of seasons you know and uh just have them for the next year
My daughter is good at finding clothes on sale, but she spends way too much money.

The piazza's 17th-century sunken-boat-shaped marble fountain, Fontana della Barcaccia, is by the great Bernini's father.
The Fontana della Barcaccia is the greatest feature of the piazza.

yeah i know it's a funny degree uh anyway uh i know nothing other than the west in fact uh
I might only know about the west, but I know a damn lot about it!

Maybe there was some relation between science and magic, after all; there might even be a meeting ground between the laws of the two worlds he knew.
There are some similarities between the two.

It took days of prodding and an embarrassing conversation with his cousin, Baglead, to clarify what exactly had happened.
It took days of probing Baglead to learn the truth of what had happened, and even then he was still confused.

He was obviously of the very dregs of society.
He was dressed in rags and smelled horrible.

Most obviously, there is the proliferation of specialty shops for fountain pens and handmade paper.
Fountain pens and handmade paper are really popular.

In 1543 Portuguese explorers reached Tanegashima Island, off southern Kyushu, followed over the next decade by Portuguese traders and Jesuit missionaries, headed by St Francis Xavier, who landed at Kagoshima in 1549.
In 1543 Portuguese explorers landed at Tanegashima and then proceeded to mainland Japan.

Ah!" He raised his hand to his cheek.
His cheek was turning red and he checked his cheek's temperature with his hand.

Gordon thanked Task Force Co-Chairs Aretha Delight Davis and Seymour Kurland and all of the members of the Task Force for their hard work and extraordinary service to the profession.
They deserved the accolades.

Oh, Julius, breathed Tuppence, "how exciting! 
Julius was as thrilled as Tuppence was. 

it's usually the television that we see nowadays seems like that it's it it doesn't even have some of the underlying uh things to it you know that maybe the old movies and things had you know the underlying themes and stuff that maybe you had to kind of figure out or you know like with Hitchcock or something where you're you're you're expecting something or
Older films are more interesting since there was some mystery to them.

We've got to find Tommy.
Tommy was the last person they were looking for in a game of hide and seek.

uh others people don't know what they want to do but as far as uh you know the Peace Corps i guess i suppose there's a few people that have done it at that point in their lives but i think a lot of it's you know when the people get older they'll do something like that
When people turn 40 they tend to join the Peace Corps.

Works include those by Picasso, Marcel Duchamp, Magritte, Kandinsky, and Klee, but it is known above all for Jackson Pollock, Mark Rothko, and Robert Motherwell.
The works include four early contemporary works by Picasso. 

then the Saudi Arabians will just shoot them
If they don't follow Allah, the Saudis will shoot them.

yes i wish i had the answer for that everybody does
i have waited a week for the answer

From an observation platform, you can get a terrific view, away to the north, of Mount Kanchenjunga and, on a good day, just a small jagged peak in the distance yes, Mount Everest.
You cannot see Mount Kanchenjunga on a cloudy day.

In one scene, in a coffee shop, the kid she's protecting hides under the table next to her ample legs.
In that scene of the coffee shop, the kid hides under the table, next to her, when playing with legos.

um i don't know it seems they're using it as a babysitter instead of a learning tool that really that really annoys me because i think i don't know i think my parents probably did that to me a little bit
My parents made me watch Scooby Doo cartoons. 

i like water i'm not scared of it but i couldn't i guess i could swim across the pool but i'm no swimmer per se
I like the water, but I"m not a great swimmer, so I have to wear a life vest.

A timeless burst of renegade teen spirit (Steve Dougherty, People ). (Click here to find out more about the band on its official site, and here to check out the I have a crush on The Donnas Web site.)
Click here to find out how the band survived a huge plane crash.

Progress was made on a number of issues important to the legal services community, but despite signs of chronic weakness in two programs, the 4-program LSC structure was left intact.
Progress was made that made it easier for people to be treated fairly in business.

  Christmas food and toy market on Piazza Navona; Assisi and  nativity scenes in streets
It is renowned for the Christmas decorations and shopping.

In Sabah, you may even be able to buy a buffalo, though shipping is not included in the purchase price.
Shipping is not included in the price for most purchases in Sabah

Hotel prices in Lisbon have risen in recent years to match most western European destinations, even surpassing popular cities like Barcelona at the top levels.
Hotel prices in Lisbon have gone up 40% in the past few years.

well i think basically they can't figure out what they want down there
I think it's easy to figure out what they want.

Clinton's bad behavior throughout the Flytrap scandal--especially his smug refusal to confess to perjury during the impeachment proceedings--made him easy to despise.
Clinton generally had a really smug attitude.

uh probably a good part of the war um as far as what people thought about it and a lot of things like that so
The war was well-received by the winning country's populace.

yeah yes um i don't know that i think has pluses and minuses because uh those that are economically disadvantaged won't have the ability to make a choice the choice will be thrust upon them and so where's the freedom of choice no freedom of choice in that case and that's
Those who aren't poor always have choices.

Even if Cubans lacked for meat, Rodriguez would have money for ventilators and heart valves.
Rodriguez traded meat in exchange for ventilators and heart valves.

These prototypes were built using production-like tooling and methods using production workers.
Workers were fundamental in the creation of the prototypes as they contributed much of their time on the project.

you could
You could if you ask for permission first.

They rode through the barrens and shortly before dusk they found Heaven's Highway.
They found Heaven's Highway after riding through the barrens near the undefended towns.

Then I called him an asshole, and that was that.
I called him an asshole, and that ended our communications.

well i only know i have my friends who have had children uh i only know one woman who's decided to go the quote unquote traditional route and i have a lot of respect for her because she made it as a real choice
Most of my friends have multiple children.

The Kal grunted.
The Kal grunted to show he was upset.

In 1920, the Unknown Soldier of World War I was buried at the arch; three years later the eternal flame was lit.
The arch is a memorial for all fallen soldiers.

yes but i mean we usually get if we plant for every one plant we probably get fifty to sixty cucumbers off of it
We get a lot of cucumbers in July.

you know and then you can put him on trial
Then you can put him on trial, if it works for you, you hire him

This young man must be a millionaire several times over. The other's eyes narrowed appreciatively.
He must be a millionaire because he is wearing very expensive shoes.

Besides its important museum in the remains of a medieval castle, the village is at the center of literally dozens of major palaeolithic excavation sites.
Universities send groups of researchers to excavate the area.

the last uh in fact i guess this was the last movie i saw i said that wrong the last movie i saw was The Hard Way with Michael J Fox well that really wasn't too bad it
The Hard Way was better than I expected.

He guided her into an adjoining study, holding a slice of pizza in his free hand, and said, in the warm, caring way she'd always admired, I need someone like you in times like these.
In times like these, I need people that I can trust, that's why I want you.

And then there is the vexed question of memoir vs. novel.
We have to decide by tomorrow if it should be a memoir or a novel.

Adrin stole glances at Jon.
Adrin looked at Jon out of the corner of his eye.

Roy herself was predictably modest about The God 's success--not the best novel, the luckiest, she said.
Roy wrote a terrible novel called The God's Success.

Known as the queen of beaches and the beach of kings, the town was made fashionable by Napoleon III and Empress Eug??nie and became known as the site of elaborate ' even wild ' parties.
Napoleon III and Empress Eugenie were popular with the townspeople when they would visit.

so i guess it was just a generational thing
Generational differences were the key.

But the traditional comforts are the wood-burning stoves, plush armchairs in the living room, warm carpeting in the spacious bedrooms, superb personal service, and fine Kashmiri cuisine you can enjoy on deck note that you can arrange with the owner what you want to eat each day, Western or Indian style.
The houses are made so that people will be fresh to start their day.

But monuments at Kamakura and Nikko still bear testimony to the region's history.
Most of the monuments at Nikko are religious in character.

He isn't killed, though.
He survived the blow, after all.

yeah that kind of
Yeah, that kind of thing I told you.

If, in spite of my warnings, you make up your mind to go through with it, you will find everything arranged.
It was a dangerous thing to do.

During the first time period analyzed (through the end of 2005), EPA projects that a large number of SCR's will be installed to meet the requirements of the NOX SIP Call.
Nox Sip Call will oversee the installments of SCR's.

We were rolling.
The rolling was performed on a hill.

It was simply to say the industry is prepared to make revolutionary changes in its behavior if it gets some protection from these giant suits, and this is a good deal for the public.
The giant suits are cool as they are made for warfare.

For most of the 19th century the Pantheon oscillated between secular and consecrated status, according to the current regime's political persuasion.
For most of the 19th century, the Pantheon went between secular and consecrated, depending on who was in charge of them.

The leaks suggest to our NATO allies that the U.S. military isn't seriously engaged in the operation.
Leaks suggest that the US isn't engaged in the operation, but the US has plans for the bad guys. 

well it's been interesting to talk to you
I hope that we can talk again some time.

oh here it gets so hot i mean this stuff just burns to a crisp what
It get so hot here that the forests will burn to a crisp quickly. 

This old pineapple plantation had fallen into decline before being transformed into the first (and many still say the best) resort hotel on the island.
The resort hotel is always booked years in advance. 

Then if we do have this little lady gittin' us up tonight, you'll be ready for it.
This little girl is going to wake us up with her crying.

Dolly Parton's breast implants against Mark McGwire's shrunken, steroid-ruined testicles.
Dolly Parton and Mark McGwire are on two different ends of the human anatomy spectrum.

In accordance with the provisions of the executive order, FDA assessed the costs and benefits of regulatory alternatives and appears to have selected the approach that maximizes net benefits while still meeting agency objectives.
The FDA's assessment of the costs and benefits of regulatory alternatives have led to the selection of this approach, however they are prepared to offer alternatives.

Begun during the Old Kingdom, it was the national shrine of the country (the St.
The national shrine of the country is three stories tall. 

It was time to move the capital.
The capital was overflowing with immigrants, so movement was necessary.

Kenzo also did copypastes, attended meetings, and gathered praise, and so it went through three more companies, until he became the head of the PanAsian region in an advanced ecoillogical technologies company.
Kenzo attended meetings, did copypastes, and was paid hansomely.

From Van Eyck to  Early Netherlandish Painting in the Metropolitan Museum of Art (New York).
The painting From Van Eyck to Early Netherlandish is hung on a wall.

well do you have a family budget
How do you organize your money?

Both the NYT and WP report a major social change in France.
A social change in France is happening due to inmigration policies.

They also operate a legal arm that assists migrant workers from Texas to Kentucky.
Migrant workers are always grateful for their legal help.

And when are they coming, those frat-eaters?'
They would arrive the next morning.

A Florida State University law school professor is returning to work after a year off following a sexual harassment charge.
It is obscene that a professor charged with sexual harassment was able to return to work. 

so i know they treat him good
they treat him well because of his disability

He admitted that, for all he was capable of doing, he operated on only five patients per week.
Operating on many patients a week can be very profitable.

yeah that that would all start at at um that would all start at at eight o'clock here that wouldn't start at seven we have um at seven o'clock we just have um the they'll play you know they have old reruns of Cheers or something from seven to seven thirty and then something else from seven thirty to eight but then at at eight o'clock is when everything starts
Eight o'clock is the beginning of prime time.

I'll give him th' sign to rattle th' pans.
He'll be waiting for my signal.

We know, for example, that Roadway Package Service, at least initially, did not solicit mail for residences and that UPS charges extra for addresses designated as residential.
Roadway Package Service has begun to solicit mail for residences that UPS charges an extra fee.

Setting the Oil Belt on fire- metaphorically speaking.
We got everyone excited and upset and set the oil belt on fire.

What the  
What the

See for yourself, but I think the message most people would get from both sources is Drinking isn't all bad, but eschew it anyway.
Drinking is not a bad thing at all.

call again okay bye-bye
Goodbye, I will talk to you next time you call, Maybe tomorrow. 

Slate on Paper, our specially formatted print-out version of Slate, is e-mailed to readers Friday around midday.
Slate on paper is made to appeal to older readers. 

we almost forgot our subject of the day there but be sure and stop at one of those Texas bureaus tourist bureaus and get their literature
They have good tourist information there.

Your whining, yelling spouse may be whining and yelling for help.
She might need your help this time, so you better listen.

Furniture's temporary
Furniture only lasts three years.

An Ogden man, who has been in a custody fight with his ex-wife for more than two years over visitation of a 3-year-old daughter in Sanpete County he hasnt seen since she was 8 months old, also had praise for Smith.
The man's wife will not let him see his daughter as much as he would like.

I couldn't make up my mind at first whether it was a sham affair or genuine.
I think that I do not have all the information yet.

(2) What are the effects of these discounts on mailers and on the Nation?
How do mailer discounts affect the postal volume in this country?

FACILITIES, EQUIPMENT, AND SUPPLIES
Facilities 

Scottish Nights
Scottish Nights is a very goo choice.

Of the 5,130 hospitals, 2,252 are rural.
The minority of the hospitals are rural hospitals.

and then like on Thursdays is the night where the new ones come on
I like the new ones because I haven't seen them before.

yeah because you know every every the the country's got a problem with uh with quarterly reports and annual statements and things like that and the long long range views are are just kind of become a thing of the past
The country is investing billions in solving pressing short term issues.

It is instructive to note that the 1947 legislation creating DOD was further changed by the Congress in 1949, 1953, 1958, and 1986 in order to improve the department's structural effectiveness.
Every change to the legislation made the department more effective.

White came along a few seconds later, progressing a little bit faster.
They were in a race.

Both firms allowed Zelon to focus on her private practice and do community service.
Zelon is a good Samaritan. 

Back to Africa for a  If Steven Spielberg had tossed just a few more centi-Ks the DNC's way, Bill Clinton might have made this trip the week before Amistad opened.
Appearances by Bill Clinton are prioritized according to how much a donor gives to the DNC.

The main part of Notre-Dame took 167 years to complete and, in its transition from Romanesque to Gothic, it has been called a perfect expression of medieval architecture with its majestic towers, spire, and breath?­taking flying buttresses.
The main structure took approximately 68 years to complete.

Just two years later, in 1929, the landmark building hosted the first public Oscar ceremony; it was also home to Marilyn Monroe for eight years.
The Oscars have always been set up in the same building.

The risings have been going on for some time.
The risings are dangerous to everyone that's caught up in them.

They led the other horses through on foot, blinders keeping their eyes on the path in front of them.
THe horses couldnt see to the side so they wouldn't be scared.

so i don't know well do you have anything else you want to say on this
There is more to say.

that's right and then they uh poof it off you know just like Tarpley  but um
There is no way to tell when they make it vanish like Tarpley.

Rental car firms offer descriptive tape cassettes for your own guided tour; otherwise, agencies run bus tours and taxi drivers are pleased to drive you around.
The tour guide tape cassettes are all recorded in the native language, so bring a dictionary.

The chief villain, bombastically named Darth Maul, is a horned, red, Kabuki-style snake demon with orange pingpong-ball eyes who challenges the Jedi to a couple of clackety light-saber battles.
The snake demon is skilled with the light-saber.

After a decade of focusing on deficit reduction, we know there are pentup demands for using the projected budget surpluses.
Our focus on deficit reduction distracted us from other important issues.

How Can the Poor Save?
The poor can save if we help pay their bills.

some reason during the night the the door was not quite wide enough for it to get through and uh the next morning uh when my roommate got up and and uh did not feed it right away it decided that it was going to protest and so it jumped up on my bed and anointed my blanket for me looking looking at me eye to eye all the time while it was doing it
It was hungry and wouldn't stop until I fed it.

It later extended the period for an additional 60 days.
Submissions before the new 60 day deadline would have higher priority.

Although the Museu da Baleia (Whale Museum) shows a video of a whale hunt in 1978, the owner is the epitome of a poacher turned gamekeeper.
He poached whales hoping to get revenge for his lost leg.

Scum... some of 'em wearin' blue coats, some gray, but they was all jus' murderin' outlaws.
They were outlaws and murderers, no matter the soldier uniforms. They used the uniforms to hide their crimes.

i bet it likes chicken though
I'm willing to bet it likes chicken more than beef.

In joint deliberations on appropriations for the United States Postal Service and certain other agencies and departments for Fiscal Year 2002, the committee of conference directed both the Postal Service and the Postal Rate Commission to prepare reports on particular areas of the Postal Service's authority under existing law.
The United States Postal Service found the laws challenging.

News fiddles with its rankings to improve newsstand sales.
News lies that it has higher ranking, and this attracts more viewers and readers.

But from Aumann and Maschler's work, we know that if you've found one consistent solution, you've found them all.
Aumann and Maschler yet again show the consistency of solutions in their work. 

okay well thanks for your time enjoyed talking to you okay take care bye bye
Thank you for talking to me for the past three hours, take care of yourself and goodnight. 

But Dala rapidly became slack, repetitious, corrupt, and in the end completely pathetic.
Dala felt ashamed of his attitude and behavior.

 Don Cazar inspected the black closely.
Don Cazar wanted to be sure that everything was good with the black.

it irritates me so i try to i actually during that period of time
My method of coping with the irritating thing is effective.

it's getting harder and harder ten years ago wasn't so hard to stay up to watch it
Ten years ago it was easy to stay up and watch SNL.

Today they often share the Olympic finals with their old arch-rivals, Pakistan.
They do not like the people from Pakistan.

The fact that he felt the need to say this suggests he still doesn't fully believe it.
In the future, he will probably come to believe it.

The use of test organisms taken from the receiving water has strong appeal, and would seem to be the logical approach.
The use of test organisms in the receiving water is appealing and seems to be the best approach.

Unconstitutional?
There was a new amendment proposed.

He looked about forty, very dark 11 with a melancholy clean-shaven face. 
He was sad because his mother just died.  

That letter excepted, there was absolutely nothing to connect him with the crime."
That letter was adequate proof that he was guilty of the crime.

Expenses paid, and a moderate screw?" Tuppence gazed at him, her lips parted, her eyes growing wider and wider.
He was speaking in a joking manner.

You're too easily shocked to make a good convert unless you're prepared.
It doesn't matter if you're a good convert as long as you do as you're told.

i know we get cut off all the time too
It is often that we are cut off.

You're proud not to be on welfare.
People on welfare do not have dignity, and are ashamed.

Liebler on Thursday also helped Larry Bell keep his Columbus Avenue residence through the holidays and into the new year.
Larry Bell wants to move houses next year.

The British evidently saw the need to improve things for the Indians, but also decided to tighten their imperial hold.
The British were displeased with the way things were for the Indians.

But he was among the first to explore them with a level of intellectual verve and artistic sophistication that suggested to blacks and the world that there was, within the American dilemma of race, not only the expression of mere local and immediate political protest but the broad and rich possibilities of the human condition itself.
His work appealed mostly to black readers.

163 "Undoubtedly, Mr. Hersheimmer, since she was able to give her real name.
She must be genuine if she will does not use a pseudonym.

During his father's primary campaign, George W. Bush watched Pat Buchanan go from 1992 to 1938, the heyday of Father Coughlin, dragging the Republican Party with him.
George W. watched Pat Buchanan drag the Republican Party down with him but secretly, he agreed with him.

To correct for the potential extrapolation error for ages beyond 70, the adjustment factor is selected as the ratio of a 70 year old individual's WTP to a 40 year old individual's WTP, which is 0.63, based on the Jones-Lee (1989) results and 0.92 based on the Jones-Lee (1993) results.
The report takes into account the probability of error.

 The Carthaginians
Carthaginian refugees

right right did you have them in a center or something last summer
Summer is usually a good time to put them in a centre.

A statue of Felipe III, who ordered the plaza to be built, occupies the place of honor, and the Casa de la Panader?­a (bakery) is decorated with colorful frescoes above the arcades.
Felipe III made them build the plaza in 1749.

Can't you pay somebody else to stay up all night to keep a lid on his, er, excesses?
There has to be someone who would be willing to cover up for him.

When a U.N. secretary-general can get Jesse Helms and Saddam Hussein to fall in line, he is doing something right.
The U.N. secretary-general who can get Jesse Helms and Saddam Hussein to fall in line makes some big mistakes even though he does things right in general.

and and yeah i take care of all the air modeling specifically for the Dallas area what we do we have a weather station that we get all of this information you know temperature wind speed and wind direction and and uh we have a huge chemical data base
I have to take care of way too much work in there.

and uh i pretty much like them ever since that and they haven't they haven't produced since then but
There most recent production was my most liked work by them.

yeah well i'd bought uh a GMC diesel pickup and uh loved that thing you know i really liked it but it turns out a pickup wasn't what i really
I loved my diesel pickup but the mileage was terrible.

As his Ed Norton-ish sidekick, Kelly walks off--or, rather, rides off--with the picture, his skeletal frame planted buck naked on a motorcycle as he rushes to reach Devine's house before the man from the lottery.
Unfortunately, he did not beat the man from the lottery to Devine's house.

I don't know where the papers are but I believe that I can find them.
I had the papers in my possession only recently.

An impatient voice cried "Come in" in answer to the page-boy's knock, and the lad stood aside to let them pass in.
The voice said to come in and they continued through to the next city.

For example, more flexible work schedules and places, and the trend in government to streamline operations have provided a major impetus for changes in T&amp;A systems.
T&A employees have flexible work schedules, most working from home.

yeah i think it's going to be really hot this year
I think this year will be very hot and dry.

Ca'daan rushed to the gambling and brothel district.
Ca'daan was looking to sleep with a prostitute.

and uh that wasn't too bad i it was good exercise
Well, that was quite a good exercise for my body.

This site is marked today by the world famous Gateway of India a monument moving for its symbolism more than its beauty (depending on how you feel about the British Empire it was built to celebrate).
If you dislike the British Empire, you will hate the Gateway of India.

However, the leather garment industry is growing, and there is a wide range of locally produced leather accessories, all at extremely attractive prices.
The prices of leather accessories are all pretty low.

Federal civilian employees who don't commit felonies and don't cuss out their supervisors pretty much have a guaranteed job with guaranteed wages for life.
Federal employees that are rude to their coworkers will lose their jobs. 

and they don't have a goal they don't have a goal they don't have an interest in their own field of study they're just looking what's going to pay the biggest cash
They just try to make it through college half-heartedly. 

Moreover, the mix of assets held by American households has changed dramatically.
The types of assets help by corporations has largely stayed the same.

and you hear it all through the worst side of people throughout the whole time
The worse side of people come out when they spread gossip. 

Less detailed models are sold under the name Nao.
The more complicated models are sold under the name Hi.

COST-BENEFIT ANALYSIS -The weighing of benefits against costs usually expressed as a ratio of dollar benefits to dollar costs for each of a variety of alternatives to provide a comparable basis of choice among them.
Cost benefit analysis is used to help management make better business decisions.

 The busiest tourist town on the island lies 15 km (9 miles) west of the capital.
Although the capital is a destination for many, the busiest town lies a few kilometers west.

Includes land and water sports and nightly entertainment.
There are water sports for a nominal fee.

For miles around, smaller drops of the three-mile-diameter sun had spattered and were etching deeper holes in the pitted landscape.
The sun was feeling much smaller than usual today.

The island is famed for its nuts, honey, and fruits, which traditionally have been preserved to last through the Aegean winters.
To preserve the produce through the Aegean winters it is necessary to wrap everything in paper towels.

Several have been severely injured in mismatched bouts.
Many have been severely injured in mismatched bouts, but they are fine now.

i mean you're just with them
You're just like them, horrible.

It would ease his own frustration and show strength in a time of weakness.
He was feeling weak currently because of a lost mother.

H-2A workers were to be treated as permanent legal residents for the limited purpose of legal services representation for claims on their contracts.
However, H-2A workers have difficulty obtaining legal representation.

CONSUMPTION METHOD - A method of accounting for goods, such as materials and supplies, where the goods are recognized as assets upon acquisition and are expensed as they are consumed.
Goods are always consumptions

Yet governments are no more stupid or irresponsible now than they used to be
Governments always makes mistakes about war.

right yeah yeah well um i guess growing up in the sixties and uh i don't know that particular era and generation i think about it though whether i have some friends who are occasional uh marijuana smokers and
I think growing up in the sixties has to do with having friends who sometimes smoke Marijuana.

Many were evacuated to Egypt, though several thousand were left stranded and fled to the mountains.
Those that were not able to evacuate Egypt were not interested in leaving.

Yet there he is in Newsweek last week huffing that campaign-finance reform has done more damage to constitutional values than Watergate, and endorsing Thomas' notion that political contributions are acts of political expression, as well as exercises in freedom of association.
Watergate scandal was known worldwide, and the US government would wish for nothing more than for history to not repeat itself.

for better weather we might consider that next winter i'm not
This winter was brutally cold and snowy.

Recommendation #2 Screening instruments under consideration for use in EDs should be evaluated as a component of protocols that provide interventions for patients.
Many recommendations on patient care and equipment use were made.

In the new Republic, bitter ideological conflicts divided parties and factions, and the church was also involved.
There were bitter conflicts in the new Republic because the church disagreed with a lot of thigns.

let's see i can't i was looking at it i was trying to find out speedy short cuts and all it says not necessary to measure your time just to go ahead and enjoy the conversation and and end it when needed so
My boss confirmed it's not necessary to measure your time. 

It's tempting to say that reporters shouldn't accept leaks unless the bias of the source can be indicated.
Most reporters can't identify the bias of a source without revealing the source's identity.

I bet that what Carrey saw from inside Kaufman's head would be more illuminating than anything in the movie.
Carrey had the chance to see things from Kaufman's point of veiw.

For audits of financial statements, such information is generally included in the reports on compliance and internal control over financial reporting.
The reports are printed on brightly colored paper so they are easy to find.

I'm a native New Yorker who relocated to Greenville, S.C., 10 years ago.
Since moving to South Carolina, I've been much happier.

Western countries have urged China to conduct fair, competitive elections next year.
Western countries want to help China. 

um-hum about how much do they charge to do something like that do you know
Do you know if they take down-payments for something like that?

A modest puppet show is put on every 20 to 25 minutes in the puppet theater.
Most of the theater's puppet shows are for children, but a few are for adults as well.

Section 712(1) authorizes GAO to investigate all matters related to the receipt, disbursement, and use of public money, and there is no doubt that public money was used to fund the activities of the NEPDG.
GAO is authorized as the only body able to pass judgement.

And she almost always succeeded.
Her recipes nearly always succeeded.

nursing home that we finally had fortunately she only had to stay a few weeks and she was able to to return to her apartment again but it's really a big uh big decision as to you know when to do it
she had to stay a few weeks, and then she got to go home--but it's still a really big decision, and we had to struggle with the timing

you know i mean you either make your stand or you don't if you can't back it up just don't say anything
If you're scared just keep quiet.

I confess that I cannot prove I am right in my belief.
I have the belief that my beliefs are right.

um he grew up out well he grew up in Le Ren which is the sort of um oh strip east to west eastern part of France
He always go back to Le Ren during vacations.

We then apply the 17 percent estimate to the United Kingdom's actual total cost for 1988.
The actual total cost in 1988 was extremely high.

but uh my realm is pretty well technical and those who you know friends i have are usually we discuss technical items and we don't uh try to follow the world's problems
Me and my friends, from the university, discuss technical items like computers and stuff.

Over the years Trevor Howard, Margot Fonteyn, and Marlene Dietrich brought their own inimitable style to the festival.
Marlene Dietrich was the most influential of the bunch.

i'm concerned about them not as a military threat but as a burden they're very large
They need to take care of themselves.

The stout-limbed can follow his example, and start by climbing the 300-odd stairs to the platform just below the steeple for a fine view over the city.
Visitors have to climb exactly 327 stairs to reach the platform.

Youth, Doctor, youth!"
I had found the fountain of youth.

You deny absolutely having purchased strychnine from Albert Mace on Monday last?
You say you didn't buy strychnine from Albert Mace but you know who bought it?

yeah and they'll go to the doors and stand up on the screen door looking out but uh they're not too interested in going outside i
They have never been outside and do not want to go outside.  

What does that say about your political judgment?
What does you not paying taxes say about your judgement?

Young man, trust me. 
The young man might trust me deeply

Visitors come not only to view the mountains and the lakes but also to hear the words of poets who lived here and to learn about their lives.
The area was home to famous poets.

The Adriatic coast, of which Rimini is the chief resort, has wide sandy beaches, at some points stretching 300 m (1,000 ft) from the water's edge back to the dunes.
The Adriatic coast is prettier than the Mediterranean coast.

16 For more information on these efforts, see Human  Taking Steps to Meet Current and Emerging Human Capital Challenges, GAO-01-965T (Washington, D.C.: July 17, 2001).
A group can help explain the specifics about human capital changes.

In the absence of legitimate campaign issues, he predicts, this could become a relative biggie.
The campaign has been running for four months.

Choosing an appropriate method depends on understanding the evaluation question.
Picking the right method depends on how you understand the evaluation's critieria.

Trapped in Monicagate
The year is 1967 and we're stuck in Monicagate. 

In 538 b.c. , power fell into the hands of Polycrates, a ruthless but brilliant leader.
In 538 Polycrates seized power by murdering his superiors. 

They do collapse on a long dive, but the viscera move into the space.
The structure collapses during long dives, but the internal parts reach the intended destination regardless.

well that's that's true yeah the uh the the biggest difference i got to agree was the idea that we were allowed to go and get it done rather than than set up a a line and say we're not going to let you cross this this point anymore and that really hurt the uh the people uh the Vietnam experience uh i got to admit that one
The soldiers were treated better this time than in Vietnam.

In return, the Turks violently put down every insurrection, including the massacre on Chios, when 22,000 people were slaughtered.
4,000 of the slaughtered people were children.

The Western Empire, ruled from Rome, fell to the Ostrogoths in 476, while its neighbour, the Eastern, or By?κantine Empire, became one of the longest-lived empires the world has ever known, dating from 395 to 1453.
The Eastern Empire's success was due to better leadership.

Ditto with food.
We'll need food to survive the winter.

(In the movie, Harrer knows she's pregnant.
The movie is about a pregnancy gone wrong.

If you're used to machine-made, mass-produced embroidered items, you may be in for sticker a full set of meticulously detailed table linens can take up to two years to make, so prices aren't cheap (although, measured as a reflection of someone's salary for that length of time, they really are).
A full set of hand-embroidered table linens costs $1000.

It allows us to measure program performance in more sophisticated ways.
It is the most efficient way for measuring a program performance.

Departments of Commerce, Justice, and State, the Judiciary, and Related Agencies Appropriations Act of 2000, Pub.
Members of the Justice Department were quite irate about the limited funding they received.

James Edward Stuart, known as the  Old Pretender,  traveled up the Firth of Forth in 1708 but was driven back by British ships and bad weather.
A hurricane hindered James Edward Stuart from moving forward. 

but for local local coverage or statewide coverage i'll take the local news
If I have to pick between local or state news coverage, I like the former the most.

really yes well i had that that cat that i mentioned i'll be one morning and you know the first thing you do is you get up and you you you you you you feed this cat something something and and you make sure that it can get to its litterbox well
The cat meows and whines until she is fed. 

It's full of atmosphere and there is a selection of tavernas where you can enjoy a meal while watching the show.
Some of the tavernas do not sell alcohol.

no i i don't much care for Michael J Fox anyway
I don't like Michael J Fox because he's always so seriousl

yeah that's a lot of fun well yeah that's the same kind of thing like belly dancing you know you don't really realize that you're working as hard as you are
Belly dancing is really great for exercising and losing weight.

um even when i was a teenager i didn't really like the music of that period so much because i found i liked um a little bit more melodious music than what was often the popular rock and roll kind of thing
When I was a teenager I only listened to barney the dinosaur songs.

and try to get more uh
keep it the same

Premills basically believe the Antichrist will be a charming rogue and great communicator who will dupe Israel into following his lead, and then will turn on the Jewish people to destroy them.
Premills is not a fan of Isreal.

Hikers then continue to Mont Joly (about 5 hours to and from the Mont d'Arbois cable-car station) for an even more spectacular view.
Mont Joly is considered an amateur climbing experience.

until they got off the machine
They will not get off the machine.

stuff i guess that's mostly public on public TV as a matter of fact you know when i was a kid  excuse me my parents used to have we had this rule in our house for every hour of regular TV that we watched we had to watch an hour of public TV
My parents had me watch public TV when I was a kid, I never enjoyed it.

EPA used two scenarios in arriving at the estimated cost of test facilities implementing the Supplemental Federal Test Procedure.
The two scenarios gave different estimates for the costs.

Possibility 3: He's not a man, he's a logo.
There is a possibility that he is not a man but a logo because he has become so iconic that he has become immortal.

To his amazement, Tommy saw that she was fastening the end of a long piece of string to the handle of a big cracked jug.
The cracked jug had a bit of liquid still inside of it.

The ICRs contain the information required by the Act including the reasons for the collection of the information, the type of information and an estimate of the burden imposed on respondents.
The ICRs state that data collection will be easy on respondants.

We've queried departments to calculate which professors practice Pilates or ride unicycles.
It turns out that professors prefer Pilates over riding unicycles.

An outrage! 
This is ridiculous! I did not have sex with that woman!

And there's also a risk that tactical innovations like the SEIU's will come at the expense of movement-building.
It's possible that all the funding will go to the SEIU's, leaving none for movement-building.

In the rain.
It was a terrible rain storm.

Furniture and art collected over the generations fills the house, but perhaps most fascinating is the collection of original musical instruments and machines used for entertainment before the advent of electricity.
The furniture in the house is not very interesting.

The same might justly be said of the man who wrote the play.
The man who wrote the play was in the play.

At their press conference after the Senate verdict, several House prosecutors interrupted their sermons against the polls to point out where the public agreed with them.
House prosecutors were led out of the press conference due to their interruptions.

The fiction of Japanese imperial power had become infinitely extendable.
The Japanese imperial's powers was given to the ruler by the gods.

It could be very confusing.
The tax laws can get confusing. 

The next day they didn't have anything to do either and they continued to play.
The games they played were fun.

Lake Shikotsu, a volcanic crater lake situated 26 km (16 miles) west of Chitose airport, provides one of southern Hokkaido's most picturesque camping and hiking areas.
Lake Shikotsu is the most crowded camping location here. 

so but yes i would definitely buy one of those before if i had to between that and Lincoln i'd probably buy the Show
The Show has better specifications than any other car.

'Soon enough, you'll be swallowed up by us whether you like it or not.'
We will invade your town.

uh score enough runs to be able win in these uh in this day and age so
Lots of runs are scored in most games.

Its mortality rate for children under five of 13 per 1,000 places it on a par with major industrial countries.
There are some minor industrialised countries that have a lower child mortality rate.

I always pictured something less...shiny.'
It was so shiny it hurt my eyes.

On the east coast they point out that Tamil literature is much richer than Hindi.
The west coast and east coast agree that Tamil literature is richer than Hindi.

She has yet to come to terms, artistically ...
She is trying to become a better artist.

Even The Nation , famously defensive on the question of Hiss, calls the biography an honest and indispensable book that goes a long way toward restoring to Chambers an elementary human plausibility (gosh, thanks).
The Nation says the book is honest and tells you a lot about human behavior.

Now let's get back to business.
Don't interrupt me, let's get back to regular programming.

Anse glanced at the mule's long melancholy face.
The mule never looked happy.

um-hum yeah yeah well i get tired with the kid i have two kid preschoolers a three year old and a two year old and when it's you know not nice and they can't go out it's really the pits so i appreciate it when at lately they can at least go play in the backyard for an hour or something you know
Preschoolers need to be able to play outside.

Either way, everybody  The employees read their news, the company has a clear net again, and it's a nice annuity for PointCast.
The employees keep up to date with local and international events.

The attraction is more than plutonic, it is also physical.
The attraction evolved to become physical over a period of time.

so that's uh because he has a pretty strong will and he directs his own way so it should be you know pretty good
 It should be pretty good because he has a strong will and direction his own way but it's probably very long. 

 The Italians' attachment to regional customs and religious festivals has dwindled in the 20th century, but many continue for the tourist trade.
The tourist trade is one of the main revenue generators in Italy.

(Many Russian firms maintain subsidiaries in Cyprus, the Nassau of Europe.
Cyprus is popular to Russian firms because of their tax laws.

For example, in 2002 grantees will be asked to report the number of newspaper articles published rather than the number of people reached by newspaper articles, which is nearly impossible to quantify in a useful way.
Grantees in previous years had complained about the difficulty of the task.

Give French cooks a couple of eggs and they won't just boil them, fry them, or make an omelette (all of which they're quite prepared to do superlatively) ' they feel obliged to produce a delicate souffl?? or a rich hollandaise sauce that makes an egg proud to be an egg.
French cooks take great pride in their egg-cooking versatility.

A short walk west from the Cityel leads to Mosque of Ibn Tulun founded in 876 as the religious center of a great military compound established by Ibn Tulun who was appointed governor of Egypt in 868.
It takes an hour to walk from the Mosque of Ibn Tulun to the Cityel.

An expression gathered there that I can only describe as half puzzled, and half relieved. 
I wasn't sure what the expression on their face was exactly.

Now, those workers may be able to recover what they are owed through the Workers' Rights Self-Help Center, which opens at 9 a.m. today at Mission College in Sylmar.
The workers can recover their pay with help from the pro-bono center.

That willingness drives the business case.
Lawyers don't approve that willingness drives the business case.

The dilution water used in the toxicity tests may be natural seawater, hypersaline brine (100 ) prepared from natural seawater, or artificial seawater prepared from commercial sea salts, such as FORTY FATHOMSa or HW MARINEMIXa, if recommended in the method.
The dilution water in the toxicity tests can be natural saltwater as long as that is noted.

There were only Americans of Chinese descent, or Japanese, or Indian.
The Chinese brought a lot of culture to America.

You are perfectly correct in your assumption that her vehemence against Alfred Inglethorp is too violent 100 to be natural; but you are quite wrong in the deduction you draw from it. 
I have also noticed her vehemence against Alfred Inglethorp.

 The roc flew low over the city.
The roc's wings beat heavily as it flew.

Leave us, Jon told Ca'daan.
Jon told Ca'daan to leave the tent. 

Like the Malla, the Shah princes had fled to Nepal from Rajasthan rather than convert to Islam.
Like the Malla, the Shah princes had fled to Nepal from Rajasthan rather than convert to Islam because they saw it as a foreign influence.

As discussed, HCFA published the full text of its initial analysis as an appendix to the proposed rule and invited comments from small entities.
HCFA made other publications, though none as significant.

He is almost pathologically cheap when it comes to eating out.
He can't mentally bring himself to pay very much for food, especially when it's from a restaurant.

'Once again, this is dwelling on the past,' White waved.
White was angry exhausted with this conversation. 

He roused suddenly, his hand flashing under his head before he returned to full consciousness, fingers tightening on the Colt he had placed there.
He woke up to a burglar and grabbed his gun.

He felt dazed.
He started to feel funny.

VA announced its first Carey Award in 1992.
The first Carey Award was announced by VA in november 1992, Carey Awards are held every 2 years.

First, it is argued that a letter mail monopoly is necessary to assure universal service at a uniform price.
To ensure mail service at the same price, a monopoly is required because competition will change prices.

After the break-up of the Mauryan empire, new invaders appeared on the northwest frontier.
The new invaders were hoping to capitalize on the division and confusion inside the former empire.

In that instance, the public was probably expressing disapproval of the press.
Over 75% of the public surveyed said they disapproved of the press during that period of time.

'While we're meeting with him.'
While we meet him, we will take nots.

Have you?
Have you ore have you not?

  When I spoke to the Parcel Shippers Association in June of last year I suggested that, given the Service's economies of scale in delivery, alliances with other transportation or delivery firms to carry their parcels the last mile
The delivery fee was 15 dollars.

Heavywether cared nothing for his client's anger. 
Heavywether was not bothered because he was too drunk to even notice.

I instinctively followed the direction of his eyes, but I could see nothing unusual. 
I couldn't see anything unusual because I was short-sighted.

what do you do for the surprise things that you don't necessarily plan for the you know are sometimes several hundred dollars like uh tires for the car or car repair of some sort or like a a dental bill or something that you're not prepared for
Do you set aside a rainy day fund for unplanned things?

The RNC jokes that Real Alpha Males don't have to hire consultants to learn how to be Alpha Males.
Real Alpha Males don't have to be taught how to be Alpha Males, joked the RNC in their livestream.

His clothes are immaculately tailored, coloured black.
The man did not want to wear bright colors.

and and then and then just kind of stop there on the way by and get the uh and and get the and get minnows and uh it's it's pretty lot of fun except i say you got to have a lot of patience because some days it doesn't seem like anything's down there at all
Minnows have proven to be a good bait. 

In 1878 the first modern Jewish colony was founded at Rosh Pina, and in 1896 Theodore Herzl, the founder of the Zionism movement that called for the creation of a Jewish State in Palestine, published his sem?Ωnal work, The Jewish State.
Theodore Herzl did not care as much about Palestinians as he did about the idea of a Jewish State. 

Complicating the situation is that many of these people don't know where to find a lawyer.
The situation would be a lot easier if people knew where to find a lawyer.

He sent a note to a doctor he  Bleeding, Great Moscow No.
Great Moscow is an utterance used in the near East for times of great shock.

and uh the other teams in the NFC East uh they're they're getting uh older uh they're going to have to like the Washington Redskins uh that that's an older team and they're going to have to start rebuilding pretty soon too
There are many older teams in the NFC.

Despite the distraction of the constant crowds (quiet is requested), visitors seem to yield to the power of Michelangelo's ceiling, and his Last Judgement (restored in 1994).
No fee is charged to visitors who wish to see the Last Judgement.

Los Angeles County is a collection of 88 separate, incorporated cities packed between the Pacific Ocean and Orange and San Bernardino counties.
The cities of Los Angeles are spread over a wide area starting at the Pacific Ocean.

You can see his pervasive influence on Milanese artists in the decorative paintings of Bernardino Luini and a fine Portrait of a Young Woman by Ambrogio de Predis.
It is estimated that 30 artists were influenced by his style.

Hong Kong is full of giant malls.
Hong Kong has too many giant malls.

The ship, which had almost levelled off, dipped down again.
The ship had hit a rock and was taking on water.

1 billion in the projected bottom line for FY 2001 in just a couple of months!
FY 2001 is a rocket that will launch in a couple of months.

well we're supposed to get rain but no  snow
We would've preferred to see snow instead of rain.

The Cost of Universal Service Obligations in a Competitive Environment.
The more competitive the environment, the greater service obligation cost must be reduced.

In every case where I was able to establish a parent-child relationship, minors gave to exactly the same campaigns as their parents, almost always on the same day.
I was able to form a parent-child relationship in 10 cases.

 Dave asked weakly, "Could I have a drink?"  "With a sylph around?" Ser Perth grimaced.
Dave hadn't had anything to drink for over a day.

According to the Star , Mia Farrow is adopting yet another baby, and she plans to name this one after her late former husband.
Mia Farrow is naming her next baby after her late former husband despite the fact that the baby is a girl. 

Little fool, she would apostrophize herself, "don't snivel.
She hated her emotions and felt foolish when they betrayed her.

For golf enthusiasts, two courses reassure the visitor you are close to civilization.
Golf lovers adore the two courses that are available.

 A'deem clapped Ca'daan hard on his back.
A'deem was congratulating Ca'daam for his efforts in battle.

But after 45 minutes of this, I begin to suspect that Hollings is being cannier than he lets on.
I am positive that Hollings is being cannier than he lets on. 

of the summary to management of the audited entity to verify that the comments are accurately stated.
summaries verify the comments are stated correctly on the website.

Some aim for uniformity or comparability of data both within a site with multiple observers and across several sites.
Uniformity or comparability of data should be the primary goal, because observers like consistency. 

The first to realize the larger commercial potential, as so often throughout the country's subsequent history, were the Chinese.
After realizing the larger commercial potential of their country, China began to expand which helped their economy.

This office will work with 4 pilot pro se programs in the state, including the ILS Pilot Hotline Project, to determine best practices for pro se support, and will develop form pleadings, approved by the Supreme Court, for use throughout the state.
The state is pumping money into their pilot programs.

uh-huh well uh i've got to respect your opinion you have some uh solid ideas
I agree with your ideas.

like they'll have uh they'll have broccoli and they'll have squash and cauliflower all on the same day
They have broccoli, squash and cauliflower with turkey.

Knowledge and attitudes of emergency department staff
The staff have good attitudes.

The rules specify limited required supporting information, allow the Service to explain the unavailability of otherwise required data, and also streamline procedural scheduling.
They wanted everyone to only see what they needed to know.

A risk assessment is the process of identifying potential risks in a system under development and then determining the significance of each risk in terms of its likelihood and impact on the acquisition's cost, schedule, and ability
The risk assessment finds potential risks in a  computersystem that's being developed.

The way Nye and Topham had hustled Anse and him out with the wagon train had made it seem as if they were in disgrace, and that rankled a lot.
Nye and Topham had no intention to annoy them.

Cafes, restaurants, bookshops, and boutiques are showcased in its unabashed neo-Renaissance decor.
Several businesses look quite modern, in stark contrast to their surroundings.

i think we've reached a decision  nice visiting with you bye
I am happy that we have finally reached a resolution to this.

 Gainsborough's exquisite Conversation in a Park; and Turner's atmospheric Landscape with River and Bay.
Conversation in a Park is a huge canvas painting depicting the meeting of two young lovers.

And while there was supposed to be a ritual for relinquishing one name and taking another, that was one of the higher mysteries not given.
The ritual was included in volume three of the set.

I was dragged bodily down a long flight of stairs.
I was dragged down the stairs by my hair. 

yeah huh-uh well it's English
Yes, the signs are in English.

The first European to see the Mississippi was the Spanish Conquistador Hernando de Soto, brother-in-law of Balboa and the discoverer of the Pacific.
Hernando de Soto wrote back to Spain about the majesty of the Mississippi.

In the pro-Branagh camp lie the New York Times ' Maslin and the Los Angeles Times ' Kevin Thomas--who actually likes Branagh's Hollywood touches, such as the to be or not to be soliloquy performed before a two-way mirror.
Kevin Thomas is a lead business reporter for the Los Angeles Times.

The only relics of the British Raj are the (now) all-Indian, and still very private, Darjeeling Club, and a couple of tea rooms and Edwardian hotels such as the Windermere (with coal-burning fires and hot water bottles at night).
The tea rooms are only for the most elite Indians.

The answer is that the Internet stands to expand the market as a whole more than enough to compensate them for having to compete with each other.
The majority of their sales are on the internet.

The building, opened in 1963, blends modern and traditional Malay design.
Many other buildings in the city have taken inspiration from this building's blended design.

Campaigns are using the Internet as an organizational and fund-raising tool.
The fund-raising abilities of the Internet are being exploited.

Three are on trial for murder, and a vegan Straight Edger just finished probation for firebombing a McDonald's.
Three people are on trial for murder and they will be in court today.

In Austria, there used to be customs about when businesses could operate, says Dusty Sprengnagel, who owns a shop called Neon Line and whose book on neon will reach store shelves later this year.
The customs said that businesses had to close at 9 pm no matter what they sold.

well i guess i also have been reading uh a lot of things on uh quality improvement and that type of thing because that's what i'm involved in a lot at work
My coworkers also read a lot about quality improvement. 

Kosovo intruded during the few months when major bills could have been considered.
Kosovo planned this move a long time ago, and saw profits for itself in the interruption.

If he raises taxes to support defense programs that fail to justify their costs, once again the price of land will fall.
If President Trump raises taxes for defense programs that don't pan out, the price of land will fall.

The FDA received over 700,000 comments in response to the proposed rule.
The FDA got many comments on the website in response to the proposed rule.

They reached their peak during the reign of Croesus (560 546 b.c. ), who owed his fortune to gold panned from the River Pactolus.
Their peak was reached during the reign of Croesus, said the novel.

you just slow down Isiah Thomas and Atlanta is um they got what
It is a good idea for you to slow down Isiah Thomas.

oh okay um-hum exactly and it seems like everything is raising every everything that can be cigarette not that i smoke but cigarettes
Cigarettes are bad for you.

Now that the background material he sent to Congress has been released, the press has become interested in whether Linda Tripp doctored her tapes and whether Starr's agents and prosecutors improperly detained Lewinsky or misrepresented their treatment of her in the Jan.
Linda Tripp may have also gone to prison.

oh it was completely i mean it literally the two dissimilar floor level floor coverings were not level and at first after it happened i thought maybe that's a handicap access and then i said no that's just the way it's constructed
one part of the floor is half an inch higher than the other

Nowadays, you are more likely to see the Indalo in the form of a lucky charm on sale in souvenir shops rather than painted, as it once was, on house doors.
A six sided cross inside an oval is what most people think of as an Indalo.

through school through college i i just don't think people have that opportunity anymore
People don't have the opportunity to work outside anymore.

In addition, opportunities may exist that will enhance agencies' ability to attract and retain talent at all levels.
Agencies always benefit from retaining the talent within their organizations.

HHS' reporting and analysis of improper Medicare payments has helped lead to the implementation of several initiatives to identify and reduce such payments.
The initiatives have saved Medicare lots of money.

It heralded the first great phase of development in science and architecture; hieroglyphs were developed and the first great building phase took place.
In addition to the emergence of hieroglyphs and the first great building phase, the acquisition of power by the first dynastic rulers marks the first great phase of development in science and architecture.  

Answer my question, if you please.
I need a response from you immediately.

(Today it is but a historical footnote; local cooks use nothing more pungent than a hint of garlic. )
Local cooks choose garlic because the recipe cannot be made without it.

everybody pretty much keep keeps keeps to their own turf so to speak
They don't really speak to strangers. 

She will not be able to answer your question. That does not matter.
She doesn't want to answer the question.

I'm addicted to your charms
I'm also addicted to gambling, meth and smoking.

These? Poirot produced the empty box which had contained powders. 
Poirot handed over the empty box that used to hold baking powder.

The permanent collection is housed in the old wing, and its fascinating exhibits showcase the development of Chinese-influenced Buddhist art and design.
The permanent collection is the most popular part.

i know i understand uh
I think I understand.

Only three now, sir. 
3 pm now, sir.

It rains regularly, whatever the season, so be prepared to experience some inclement weather during your visit.
You should be prepared for potential flooding year-round.

and so now that i've gotten you know i lost the house now that i've gotten past that i can sit down and say okay this is the reality this is how much money i have each month the scary thing is as far as long term i don't have anything i don't know if you have an IRA or uh you know and i've got two girls also and i haven't saved anything for their college and
I want my two children to go to the best colleges in the country.

anyway no we didn't even call them we just did it maybe my husband should call today
We have been thinking about calling them

uh it's called Marian's Pizza but i think it is local
It's called Marian's Pizza but it might be a local Indiana place.

you know i know that it's really funny my parents are forced to do it and they
I think it's pretty funny, but my parents have to do it and they hate it

Other memories of the British presence are in the clock tower, commemorating the first British resident of PerakiaJames Birch, who was assassinated in 1875.
He was killed because he was British.

Let's call Paxon's bluff and see if he stays close to home to nurture Suby or takes another demanding job.
We think Paxon will make one of two decisions. 

The Carre d'Art, an ultramodern building opposite the Maison Carre, exhibits modern art.
The Carre d'Art was built in the 21st century. 

oh yeah and see i was i was really thinking that they might have a let down because i i i was in a basketball pot and i picked uh Kansas for i guess more or less an upset but i i was thinking that uh Duke might have a let down after playing such a tough game with UNLV but uh i tell you what they uh they came back and put it to them it was a good game but i i i had thought all the way through that UNLV was going to be the team that would just walk away with it
Duke played a good game, and they won as a result.

The lame vs. the destitute--it could be a great race.
The lame vs. the Destitute, a battle of the the ages.

Gray Cloud was the only mount that would easily make the journey.
Gray Cloud could easily make the journey to the next town.

and they beat and they beat Indiana they beat Indiana they creamed Indiana
Indiana was outmatched in light of all their recent injuries.

At least she does not repeat herself.
Unlike Clinton, she does not repeat herself.

Might it result in printers printing fewer catalogues?
If we don't receive as many orders, it might result in less printing.

We think that international comparisons can lead to important insights.
It will not hurt us to know more about how our international counterparts are doing.

She is running the campaign she wanted her husband to run.
She is running the campaign how she sees fit.

yeah i was i was glad that Easter was nice because sounds like you have a child too
I am happy that this Easter was better than last year, for the sake of your kid.

The majority of the analytical assumptions used to develop the Base Estimate have been reviewed and approved by EPA's Science Advisory Board (SAB).
EPA's Science Advisory Board approves of the Base Estimate project.

But the Astronomer was a little in advance and his voice came thickly.
The Astronomer was walking to his garden to look at the stars.

The cold waters around the island, once prime whaling territory, are today a marine sanctuary for whales, dolphins, and seals.
The waters around the island are now a marine sanctuary because whaling almost destroyed the local aquatic life. 

and now i think they ought to increase it to all these drug dealers
They should increase it because of a mysterious tip holding information on the dealers.

It means that instead of blandly assuming less regulation is better than more or more competition is better than less, you have to study the specifics of each case very carefully.
If you don't study the specifics, you won't get it right.

No, said Gauve.
Gauve did not want any.

This is a bad thing because the exuberance may end in a crash , and the crash may depress the general economy.
Workers striking is not a good thing because it may result in a crash. 

Top firms in Denver and elsewhere pay first-year associates $80,000 to $125,000 a year.
First-year associates in top firms make double the income of those in smaller firms.

Americans make no time for dialogue, much less cuisine.
Americans prefer texting over talking face-to-face with others.

I know nothing about her," said Jon.
Jon doesn't know anything about the woman he pines over.

FThe Justices finding partial unconstitutionality considered it necessary to address the issue.
The partial unconstitutionality lay in the trespass against freedom of speech.

During this period, the indigenous people lived in caves, hunting the mammals that gathered at the shoreline.
At this time, the indigenous people were hunter gatherers.

Ever since his boyhood, she had supported him. 
She loved the little boy, which was weird because of how old she was.

The Secretaries have found that without prompt guidance, some members of the regulated community would have difficulty complying with the requirements of the HIPAA and insured individuals will not understand the benefit to them of having a certificate of prior coverage to present upon entering the individual health insurance market.
The secretaries found that without prompt and direct guidance by healthcare professionals members of the regulated community would find it hard to comply with the requirements of HIPAA, and that insured individuals do not understand the benefit of a certificate of prior coverage.

Basse-Terre (Low Land), is higher, bigger (808 sq km/312 sq miles), greener, and has the political capital, also called Basse-Terre, which is near the famous will-it-or-won't-it Soufriyre volcano.
There are a number of different capitals.

In 39 of the 93 DOT rules that did not explicitly provide for electronic comments, DOT referred the reader to its docket management system for more information about the rule.
The reader was referred by DOT to its docket management system for more information about the rule and its implementation.

well that's nice in a lot of ways
Putting icing on the cake is nice in a lot of ways.

Being, Nothingness, and Peanuts
Peanuts are something. 

and we put a flat over the top and everywhere you'd miss there'd be this little bright spot you could see  it seems like you could see it through about three layers of paint
Four layers of paint would have been enough to hide the bright spot.

For example, the most recent edition of the Unified Agenda (April 2000) describes 4,441 rulemaking actions under development or recently completed by 60 federal departments and agencies.
The current edition includes the list of all the federal departments and agencies.

They are a very astute and unscrupulous pair. 
They often fight with each other over small issues.

Inside the basilica, in the choir, you can see some fine 13th- and 14th-century sculptures and stained-glass windows.
The choir is the primary attraction for visitors of the basilica.

that would be the Greek ones
The Greek ones took all of the money.

Continuing along Jaffa Road, you'll find Jerusalem's Central Bus Station and acrosefrom it, Binyanei Ha'ooma, Jerusalem's convention and exhibition center capable of accommodating gatherings of 3,500 people.
The Binyanei Ha'ooma is frequently used for political conferences.

yeah i when i watched it originally i didn't know it was a i don't know it was going to be a series i thought it was just a movie
The movie has a series that's been in its third season now.

The on site visits are conducted for the purpose of program monitoring and development, to solve problems, and to develop new strategies for expanding access and enhancing quality of services to clients.
The on site visits are done every month.

Another park, the Maidan, is in the center of the city; landscaped to allow for a clear line of fire from all around Fort William, it was rebuilt by Robert Clive on a more easily defended site than its predecessor.
The previous site of the park was frequently subject to military attack.

I dare say I picked it up from her.
I always pick things up from her when possible. 

well you and everybody else
Everybody, with the you in adddition.

that's that's where i'm from  so
Yeah, I was born there in LA

Its mission is to identify and advance technologies, processes, and management practices that improve the performance of federal facilities over their entire life cycle, from planning to disposal.
Advancing technologies is the most critical aspect of improving performance of federal facilities.

You see one who has done his own trail cooking too long. 
That one is a horrible trail cook.  

This town is most famous for the annual gypsy pilgrimage that ends here with a festival in May.
The gypsy festival lasts for 2 weeks and everybody goes wild.

Both legal services and the bar associations complement each other in ways that provide a fairly broad net of support.
The bar association helps legal services to assist more people.

Such a reduction is estimated to prevent 289 to 1,187 inhalation injuries/illnesses per year and 554 to 8,095 chronic respiratory illnesses per year, with a best estimate of 4,046 injuries and illnesses prevented per year.
The reduction will save a lot of people's lives.

3.20 is the next and a damned slow train too."
This train will go where we need to go.  

The Department finds it is possible that some low-income families with children in tier II day care homes may bear some of the costs, but states may offset them by opting to increase child care subsidies.
The last budget cut the subsidies in half.

He stumbled forward, heedless of the overseers' shouting voices.
The overseers were screaming warnings at him, to no avail.

 "The Egg breaks," he intoned hollowly.
The egg broke.

Part of the answer may be that our financial system has become dangerously efficient.
The efficiency obtained has proven to work in other areas, which could translate to this one.

In 1990, the University of Missouri School of Journalism released a list of words for journalists to avoid, including such terms as gorgeous, lazy, sweetie, and fried chicken.
The list of words was approved by the dean of the university.

In a few moments, there was no sign of them.
They were safe and just went to the store.

Shadows hid the size and depth of much of the tunnels.
Shadows concealed many details of the tunnels, but San'doro knew them well enough to travel through them regardless.

Is Leuchter a raving anti-Semite or a pathetic pawn who thrived on having--for the first time in his life--a bit of celebrity?
Leuchter has been a little bit famous for a year.

They reasserted their rights in the insurrection of July 1830 ' the kind of liberal revolution they would have preferred back in 1789 ' paving the way for the  bourgeois monarchy  of Louis-Philippe.
Freedom of religion had increased after 1830.

Celebrated in kabuki theater, film, and television, the story has had an abiding hold on the imagination of the Japanese people.
This story is among the most popular in Japanese culture.

no not yet we're expecting a baby in July
We are going to have a baby boy in July.

They are not.
They are not alive.

People like me.
People like my amazing personality.

The publication quotes a film critic who says at the post-screening interview she giggled uncontrollably ...
The publication quoted the only critic who found the movie funny.

you uh have to learn you aren't given the chance to you know screw off all the time
You have to spend months on end learning.

In DOD, incentives are centered on obtaining scarce funding on an annual basis in a competitive environment to meet predetermined and typically optimistic program schedules.
Contractors are often unhappy about having to speed up their own deadlines.

From the Damascus Gate  take either a shared taxi (sherut) or a bus 42 or 75 to get to the Seven Arches Hotel.
You cannot walk from the gate to the hotel, it is a long distance. 

Since the 1920s disillusionment with the nascent republic with its clear dependence on the United States and its lack of political probity or social equality had grown steadily.
Most people there are not big fans of the USA.

you know what has you know has has the educational system been watered down to that anybody who's above average is now gifted
has the school system been dumbed down so that smart kids are now put in gifted programs

yeah oh okay i see what you're saying yeah
I can understand what you're saying about health issues

well i think uh i think on a scale of one to ten i would be i would be more toward a uh a uh uh an a stand that would not totally ban guns but would certainly very much control them uh
Guns are necessary for defending ourselves as Americans.

There often will be no alternative source for the client to receive vital information respecting constitutional and statutory rights bearing upon claimed benefits.
No alternative sources are available for clients regarding constitutional and statutory rights more often than not.

The story was weak and they all seemed to know it.
They were critics by trade.

But Arab opposition to new Jewish immigration and construction in Palestine led to increasing strife; by 1946, Jerusalem was an armed camp.
The Arabs were the original occupants of Jerusalem.

we have Kroger but not a Skaggs
We have a Kroger but no Skaggs, though we might get one soon.

Anyone who knows, please feel free to leak it to me.
I will not release any information on Wikileaks.

Florence, Spoleto, Perugia, Ravenna, Rimini, Ravello, and Stresa all hold important music festivals.
the music festivals attract record numbers of people.

Runaway Bay is the appropriately named area of coastline where slaves were said to have escaped the island to try to find a better life; often they traveled the 145 km (90 miles) to Cuba.
Runaway Bay is on the Florida coast.

And by the by, Prudie could not help thinking that had Mr. Clinton waited 24 hours to give that speech, it might have been quite different.
Mr. Clinton would have changed the speech due to public pressure.

As old some would say historically significant buildings or resorts succumb to the pressures of age, design, or simple decline of attendance (and therefore value), the law of the city takes over.
Attendance declined because of the economic crisis happening in parallel.

We could use another war.
We could use another war to weed out some of our soldiers. 

oh mostly we catch carp if we're doing good we catch a catfish or two once in a while and you know we go ahead and eat those but we've never caught enough to really have what you'd call a fish fry what we normally do is just uh go ahead and clean it up and then uh you know put it in a bag and freeze it and and somebody takes it home and eats it then when there's just a couple people instead of a whole crowd usually there's a pretty good crowd there so we don't ever catch enough to eat carp is usually pretty much fun because i've caught up to about an eight pound carp on a little you know a little pole with twenty pound test line and that that's a pretty good fight so that's a lot of fun
We catch a lot of carp or maybe a catfish and we always deep fry them.

But there is another reason, more tragic and ironic, why this gifted and imaginative guy seems less funny lately.
This guy used to be the world's best comedian.

Where is Tuppence, by the way?"
She wondered where Tuppence was.

At the 12-month follow-up, the intervention group demonstrated an average reduction in drinking of 22 drinks per week compared with a reduction of 7 drinks per week for the control group.
At the follow-up at 12 months, the intervention patients had reduced their drinking amounts in every case.

Particulate Air Pollution as a Predictor of Mortality in a Prospective Study of U.S.
This study is about Particulate Air Pollution as a Predictor of Mortality and was revolutionary.

President Attends World Cup Final, Enjoys Two Scoreless Hours.
President Attends the World Cup Final with His Family.

The final analysis points out that the expedited application/notice procedures and the removal of unnecessary and outmoded regulatory restriction will be particularly helpful to small bank holding companies.
Large banks often lobby to slow the removal of old regulations.

It came installed with 'Multivista', a version for employees in firms trading in consumer waste storage permits called Ultimate during office hours.
The software was for employees that issue permits.

The New York Times , however, pursues the revisionist line.
The New York Times is a media and newspaper company on the East Coast of The United States.

um yeah they they just have like outhouses they don't have like a shower room or anything yeah but some of them are really nice they have showers and full bathrooms
I prefer the shower rooms.

Pope crowns Frankish King Charlemagne emperor
The pope could have named someone else.

The man beheld him a moment longer before turning to the girl.
The man was considering their fate. 

uh-huh right to complain about it right right
Complaining about this is annoying but legal.

In Guadeloupe's tropical rain forest, it's worth stopping each time a wooden sign announces a particular attraction.
Some of the attractions are no longer there, thanks to age or deforestation.

They would soon lose their ground.
They will lose their ground and be defeated soon.

It works, maybe to a fault.
It works because of pixie magic.

But since Livingston's sins were about sex, not perjury, his assertion that he was setting an example suggested that Clinton should resign not for lying but for adultery.
Clinton was only too happy to shift the spotlight away from his lie.

Absolutely nothing, said Tommy cheerily.
"Nothing at all.", Tommy stated cheerfully with a laugh.

He no longer allows himself to be photographed wearing too-short running shorts, and he avoids pulling faces in public.
He continues to act and dress the way he wants to, but only when out of the public eye.

yeah one thing about
Yeah, one thing about books is that they allow you time away from screens and the internet

I could stay here and join your group.
I could live here forever and be part of your group.

The book's introduction was drafted by Appiah.
Appiah drafted a great introduction to the book

We would employ the methodologies of science, not democracy, to arrive at justice.
Science would lead to a faster conclusion than democracy.

In 1556, Charles abdicated in favor of his son, Felipe II, good news for Spain and even better for Madrid.
Charles had a son named Felipe II who lived in Madrid.

Major Management Challenges and Program  U.S.
There are major management challenges in the U.S. and it should be fixed immediately. 

Major shopping areas are Tsim Sha Tsui in Kowloon, especially along Nathan Road; Central on Hong Kong Island, particularly for upscale designer goods; Causeway Bay for slightly better prices; and the Hollywood Road area.
Central on Hong Kong Island exclusively sells upscale goods.

It was a foreigner, German Emperor Frederick II, who launched the movement for a national language at his court in Palermo, but Florentine-born Dante Alighieri (1265 1321) provided the ardor, moral leadership, and literary example to bring it to fruition.
The German Emperor pushed to have German become the national language.

no no it's terrible
We need to do something about it.

'He didn't invent electricity...'
Alexander Bell was not the inventor of electricity. 

We don't trust Madison Avenue to tell us the truth about fabric softener, so why are we letting it brainwash our children about drugs?
Madison Avenue has videos on TV about drugs.

Barik's sword clattered to the ground.
Barik dropped his sword because he was injured.

'It's all right,' Daniel whispered.
He knew things would get better.

Successful organizations we studied defined their missions clearly and communicated them to their employees-particularly to their managers-so that each one would understand his or her contribution.
Successful organizations values their employees.

The advocates say the finding goes beyond existing law and is unrealistic because some renewed contacts often prove unavoidable in domestic abuse cases, which involve economic and family dependency and other complications of daily living.
These same advocates also have opinions on other principles.

Just give them a small taste, said Jon.
He gave them a glimpse of what could be coming to them.

But the Four Jacks serves a pretty good meal and keeps a couple of beds for overnighters.
Meals at the Four Jacks are very cheap.

The results of these reanalyses confirmed and expanded those of the original investigators.
The reanalysis results confirmed the original investigations into the product design.

i think they're one of the businesses at large that do things like that they're more aware of it
They are more aware of it due to their size.

Julius my own cousin!"
I just found out that Julius and I are related.

The Museo Arqueolegico Provincial, in the Diputacien (Chamber of Deputies) in Avenida General Mola, contains an interesting ceramics collection, with some pieces dating back to the Greeks.
The museum's ceramics collection is one of the largest in the world.

yeah they're not really that bad but i don't know  like i said it's it's still not practical for me  i have a hard time looking at cars like that because i think now there's no way i can do that
I cannot do that because I am not allowed. 

i was really into the album oriented music even then so i was really familiar with a lot of with a lot of the AOR type music um the the album oriented like the uh James Taylor and
I've listened to a wide variety of music genres.

The Chief Justice also testified to the Indiana judiciary's keen interest in and support for Indiana Legal Services and the provision of pro bono by the private bar.
The Indiana judiciary saw the pro bono work as providing a necessary service to the public.

Those risks should then be brought to the attention of appropriate agency officials.
Agency officials should be aware of the risks of an organization expanding.

6. Bully or protector?
If he beats you for putting yourself in danger, is he a bully or a protector?

In life, Ieyasu had made himself the absolute monarch of Japan.
leyasu was a terrible tyrant. 

check it back and just grab it you know if i just go to my garage and grab it
I can just go to my garage and grab my shovel.

He was nearly driven desperate. 
He almost quit pursuing the matter.

Further, most of the organizations were striving to increase the professional stature of their staff in order to gain respect from others in their organizations and attract competent individuals to security-related positions.
Since the professionalism of these organizations has increased they have benefited from increased interest.

Not surprisingly, therefore, there are significant opportunities to strengthen their efforts as they move forward in holding senior executives accountable for results.
There are a lot of changes to strengthen their efforts of improving the organization. 

The power of his work is attributed to its scale and his meticulous method.
He is a very hard working man. 

Documentation would also help ensure interventions would not be repeated unnecessarily.
Documentation would ensure interventions would not be repeated more than monthly

how old is your child
He was inquiring about her child's age so he could make a proper report.

i saw um just recently where uh uh the US is supposedly going to be uh putting pressure on all the you know the Israelis supposedly to to come to a bargaining table to uh actually i heard that the Israelis were even talking at least mentioned about giving up some of the Golan Heights
The people of Israel do not like being pressured much at all.

Future Budget Issues.
There are Budget Issues every year.

Over time these distinctions have deteriorated.
The distinctions have gone away over the past three years.

 There is one shot.
There is one chance to win everything

Now they've stopped laughing, but they want to stop it.
They are not laughing anymore, but they still secretly think it's funny.

The oft-repeated official version involves a fire that destroyed an important manuscript in 1966.
The official version may not be true.

well uh i can understand that it's uh  i don't know why he dropped it in the first place but uh
I understand that, but I don't know why he dropped it in the first place because he was doing well and was close to a promotion.

but yeah she is she  i i don't know i i can't say that that i i well i can't say that i did or didn't vote for her because i didn't get to vote this time but i don't know that i'm i guess i'm ready just hard to see a woman in such a i guess powerful position
I wouldn't have voted for her if I had voted.

yeah we got at TI to drive into town and almost buy it undercover at the time they were doing it
They didn't really want to buy it.

Near the center of the town, richer merchants sold gold and silk from the north and deep south empires.
The center of town was where everyone did their shopping.

Legally, companies are presumed to discriminate if their employment numbers are far below the norm.
Companies are accused of discrimination if their minority employment numbers are below average.

Once in a while.
Getting candy sometimes.

He had the proper wavy black hair and rat-tailed comb stuck into a slightly dirty off-white jacket.
He took great care of his long hair.

Godkin viewed populists such as William Jennings Bryan as barbarians, and they returned the favor by viewing Mugwumps as enemies rather than as potential allies.
William Jennings Bryan is not well-liked.

Main Street's Mulan Parade is a dazzling cavalcade of Chinese acrobats and Disney film characters.
The Chinese acrobats have trained very hard in order to be able to perform so beautifully.

Made possible by its conquests, elegant Palladian villas grace the Veneto mainland from Venice to Padua and Vicenza.
There are only a few elegant Palladian villas, the rest are of much lower quality.

well sure that but that's a that's an impossibility i think
I don't think there is a way that could be done.

 "Hey, Reese, th' Old Man about ?"Shannon was in the doorway.
Shannon was asking Reese if the Old Man was there because he did not want to run into him.

yeah i think what needs to be done is they need to control their spending habits
With self control over their spending habits, savings can last a lot longer.

He doesn't cheat.
He has never cheated.

Bowsher continued the emphasis on personnel improvement, strengthening the recruitment of people with diverse professional backgrounds and providing them with improved tools and work incentives.
Bowsher continued to emphasize personnel improvement by hiring a diverse staff.

Small stupas found around Buddhist and Hindu temples and known as chaityas are erected to hold relics or in memory of individuals.
Buddhist temples were the ones that started the practice.

Most corporations, with their skyrocketing pay to CEOs, seem to have turned that formula on its head, believing that they can compete successfully only by duplicating the enormous financial gains someone like Dell has reaped.
Many corporations want to be like Dell, so they use the same exact business methods

you know get a big crown done you know things like that but
You know, he got a big crown done that's worth about $500K

According to APHIS, the information collection and recordkeeping requirements included in this final rule have been approved by the Office of Management and Budget (OMB) in accordance with the Paperwork Reduction Act.
The information collection and recordkeeping requirements have been approved by multiple agencies.

MEASURABLE - Can be determined with reasonable certainty or is reasonably estimable.
Measurable means that can be certainly determined or possibly estimable- you didn't know that.

Maybe they are drug or alcohol addicts or have multiple family or behavioral problems--or maybe they simply have a bad attitude.
They could be lazy and not interested in finding work.

another clue for you for college money go to work for UT
You can get some scholarship money if you work for UT.

These patients were more likely to be young, male, disheveled, uninsured, and low income.
The patients were more likely to be poorly educated. 

Among the juiciest  Mario Cuomo refusing a Supreme Court seat 15 minutes before Clinton officially offered it to him and National Security Adviser Tony Lake teaching the president how to salute properly.
No one had ever taught the president how to salute properly.

He owes $10,000 in back taxes, but he found $300,000 to give to the Clinton campaign.
He found $300,000 on the ground to give to Clinton's campaign.

yeah and until we until we start changing our educational system i mean we're we're going to be we're we've already been overtaken but it's going to get even worse later i mean looks who's looks who's getting the engineering degrees and the the math and the science and everything it's not us
A lot of people who get engineering degrees in our country are foreigners.

we didn't of course weren't prepared for it so
We didn't enjoy it because we weren't prepared.

The desire for revenge against Germany remained.
Anger drove them to still desire revenge.

For the past decade, bar associations in New York and across the country have been well aware of increases in the cost of attending law school, increases that have briskly outpaced inflation in any other realm.
If the cost of attending law school continues to rise, lawyers will have to charge higher rates to pay back their loans. 

In theory, for-profits are equipped to do it through greater efficiency--economies of scale, easier closure of failing operations, and better access to capital.
The theory of for-profits being better equipped to close failing operations leads to faster resolution of monetary problems.

As unusual as Button's case is, it shares one common characteristic with nearly all the 30,000 suicides that occur each year in the United States--the victims are not in a rational state of mind.
Suicide by amputation is uncommon, but further points out the fact that suicidal tendencies are not associated with clear thinking.

oh ten years younger oh that's funny
He is ten years younger than I thought, I find that hilarious.

(a) Averages obscure the fact that most of Clinton's tax increase did fall on the affluent.
Most of Clinton's tax increase fell to the affluent and upper middle class.

Recently, [Dole] has given up his reticence to discuss his war wounds.
Discussing the war makes Dole very depressed.

Did you ever make up Mrs. Inglethorp's medicines? A slight flush rose in her face, as she answered rather constrainedly: "No."
Mrs. Inglethorp also had a wide collection of herbs.

Once he accepted the axiom--and he was no longer prepared to doubt it here--he could follow the book far better than he'd been able to follow his own course in semantics.
He could follow the book because it was very simple to read.

To begin with, the resources of Tommy's pockets were somewhat limited.
Tommy couldn't manage his resources very well.

the series uh Yes Minister
I watch the show every week.

Because state planning was identified as the Board's prime strategy for fulfilling the mandate of Strategic Directions 2000-2005, a brief review of LSC's state planning initiative is probably in order.
State planning requires less overhead than other planning methods.

you know but not that specifically but things along that  of of activity
These activities both take place at home.

Kitano, the old foreign merchants' residential district, preserves some of the 19th-century European-style houses that survived World War II.
The 19th century European-style houses are the main historic attraction in Kitano.

Auditors should prepare and maintain audit documentation.
Auditors make the audit documentation and submit it to the IRS.

When women do it, they're striking a blow for sexual freedom.
Women want to be free from sexists.

Specifications for Database Management Systems,
There are approximately 60 specifications needed for Database Management. 

I turned to the pony-trap. 
I turned to disable the pony trap that was set up on the narrow path. 

In terms of the ratio of population to usable land, Japan is the most densely populated country in the world.
The countryside of Japan is also very densely populated.

um it just happens they built a shopping center next to it  but um they put up a nice fence so we still have a lot of privacy
They've built a shopping center next to it with a fence for privacy, so I don't mind the new addition. 

A member of the Chan family usually gives guided tours of the house, which last about 45 minutes, and will point out its finer points the silks, filigree, silver ornaments, gleaming blackwood furniture inlaid with ivory or mother-of-pearl, and monumental gilded teak staircase leading to the bedrooms on the upper floor.
The Chan Family has always owned the house.

She had just sent the official news to the first contact on her  the Law Journal.
The contact was a retired judge who works for the Law Journal part time.

Good human capital policies and practices are another critical environmental factor.
Good human capital practices are very tough to implement.

Another way of saying this is that much of the Web is not really wired to think the way most political people think--which may be a good thing.
Most political people follow traditional schools of thought.

Drew jerked his carbine from its saddle boot, saw Anse beat him to that action by a scant second or two.
Drew and Anse stared each other down across the plaza. 

The instinct that led me to insist on examining those coffeecups. 
Something inside me felt that I had to check out those coffee cups, even though I knew it would be a longshot.

Please tell  Do you see an end to human suffering?
Do you see an end to human suffering anytime soon?

Outside the window, the light reddened, dimmed, and was gone, leaving the big room illuminated by only a few witch lights.
Even then, one of the witch lights blinked out of existence, leaving the room even darker.

no kidding hobbies are supposed to be enjoyable they're not supposed to be difficult or or they're not supposed to make you less relaxed than when you began
Hobbies can be tedious. 

Sir James spoke first.
A woman spoke after Sir James was finished.

yeah but um so what
Only a few people care about that.

The new bioethical controversy is whether doctors should obey families who want to freeze the sperm of their deceased loved ones.
There is a controversy over if doctors should freeze sperm of dead loved ones, and what should be used if the sperm is no good. 

For example, had the writer of the Genesis creation story been composing for a 20 th century readership, he or she would have explained God's hand in the evolutionary process as opposed to the more magical creation story in the Bible.
There guy who wrote Genesis also really liked apples.

However, regarding consultation with State, local and tribal governments, the FDA notes that there were two state government representatives who were members of the Good Manufacturing Practices Advisory Committee in 1995 which explored the need to revise the Current Good Manufacturing Practices regulation.
The FDA says two state government representatives were members of the Good Manufacturing Practices Advisory Committee for ten years.

for for automobile insurance i had no idea
I did not know how much should be charged for car insurance.

The analysis of these data provides a detailed description of the household portion of the Postal Service mailstream.
Very important data must be gathered about the Postal Service.

Through analysis potential failure modes are identified allowing early design change to correct potential problems before fabricating hardware-a more cost-effective time to identify and fix problems.
Potential failure modes are identified through analysis which make the operations safer.

The cliffs are clothed in a profusion of exotic vegetation, with occasional glimpses of private homes framed by cypresses, palm trees, and cascades of bougainvillaea.
The homes are built in the Mediterranean style.

do you have just one paper or do you have several
Do you have one or several papers for tomorrow?

okay so what do you think
what do you think about all that I just said

There are relatively few roads through the Camargue, and those that do exist are not always very attractive.
It is hard to travel through the Camargue.

absolutely and i wish they would exercise it more thoroughly let the punishment fit the crime in this state we've got a very weird situation going on we're under federal supervision and i agree to a point i agree with how the system works in some respects in other ways i don't for first time offenders everybody's entitled to screw up once we'll give them the early release credits we'll give them the good time credits we'll give them the early parole second trip down whether it's for the same crime or totally separate one you serve your sentence day for day third trip down this is where my views on it goes way far beyond what the law states third trip down if it's for the same offense or for a totally different one this individual has proven that he does not want to conform to the rules of society so you kill him period end of story
People should be killed by firing squad if they mess up three times.

well i've i've lost most of my hair so that's no real problem
I'm lost most of my hair so swimming isn't really a problem.

The closest to this type of electronic commenting system that we found was in the Federal Aviation Administration at DOT.
The closest to the type of electronic commenting systems would be in the FAA in air traffic control.

There's also a 60-seat space-flight simulator.
Although there is a 60 seat capacity, the weight limit is 6,000 pounds. 

People in Hollywood accept this instability as the cost of doing business.
People in Hollywood accept that, because they have no choice.

um-hum sure sure yeah well like i say the only reason we do in fact i when my husband and i were
There is multiple reasons my husband and I always do.

The training emphasis for staff in the central security management groups, many of whom came to their groups with significant technical expertise, was on keeping staff skills and knowledge current.
The training also emphasized team management. 

Figure 3: Figure 4: Figure 5: Figure 6: Figure 7: Factors to Consider in Making the Decision on Using the Data 1 Decision Process for Determining If a Data Reliability Assessment Is Required 7 Data Reliability Assessment Process 13 The First Steps of the Assessment 14 The Preliminary Assessment 19 Choosing and Conducting Additional Work 23 Making the Final Assessment 28
These are the only figures provided after Figure 1 and Figure 2.

Three months later, during the next poultry convention, Cezary Pytlasinski showed off a new model of a DVDB player with a built-in home theatre system and a portable game room, yet fitting into a side pocket of one of the loose combat pants with big side pockets on a rack.
The poultry convention was the largest gathering in the country.

Funding for alcohol-related research needs to be provided to emergency department personnel on a priority basis because such funding will lead to their professional development, increase their national stature, lead to their advancement in professional societies, lead to association with policymakers, and enhance their opportunity to become opinion leaders.
Their professional development is fundamental because it will lead to a better society.

Small holdings abound, and traditional houses sit low on the treeless hillsides.
The hills were the only place suitable to build traditional houses.

The fun parts include getting to touch an iceberg, experiencing the effects of an earthquake in total safety, and lying on the floor of the Showdome to watch exciting weather phenomena flashing above.
The Showdome is a popular tourist destination.

The perspective of the stages of change model appears to be an appealing one to help staff and interventionist under-stand the process of change for addictive and health behavior.
There are other models to understand the process of change for addictive and health behavior.

yeah i had a friend who lived in Dumas
A friend of mine lived in Dumas for some time.

In 1565 she married her young cousin Henry, Lord Darnley, much to the chagrin of Elizabeth (Darnley was a grandson of Margaret Tudor and thus also had a claim to the English throne).
In the old days, marrying a family member was a normal thing to do. 

No sooner was the magnificent project completed than the king, jealous of his palace, had its owner arrested for embezzlement and jailed for life.
The owner of the project was jailed for embezzlement.

You will have the best legal talent to defend you, replied the German quietly.
The legal talent is provided by the German. 

The Musee du Docteur-Faure (Villa des Chimyres, Boulevard des Cetes) contains some Rodin bronzes and watercolors, and works by Degas, Sisley, Corot, and C??zanne.
Rodin is celebrated as much more skillful than Degas.

If peeking in through the wrought-iron gates isn't enough shoulder-rubbing with stardom for you, you can view the back lot on a walking tour.
Brad Pitt used to be around here all the time.

The old man looked at Jon for a long time.
Jon was looked at by the old man for a long time while he waited for his coffee.

Users are those who operate or rely on agency information resources and include the managers and staff responsible for agency policies and programs supported by the acquisition.
 Users are those who sign into the website

What was that something? 
Was that thing important for us?

In the adjacent streets, such as rue de la Couronne, traditional old shops alternate with art galleries, artists' studios, and restaurants.
Many of the old shops on rue de la Couronne are run by artists.

the security program to supplement basic guidance, such as the importance
A security program isn't worth the time to install it.

yep i know a lot of people who've boughten other cars the same way and and have done very well
People who have bought cars the same way are happy about it.

to call it fiction (Gail Caldwell, the Boston Globe ).
Gail Caldwell doesn't describe things very well. 

What little idea?
The idea was to put the poles outside the gay bar to lure in customers.

For the other five year-periods, it is conservatively estimated that all installations will be completed within three years.
The Construction workers delayed the installation because they are lazy.

Gravestones with croses and Arabic inscriptions at the head of the valley remind visitors that many Arabs are Christians.
There are just as many Christian Arabs as there are Muslims.

The only thing you can say on behalf of the liberals is that, while greedy operators on both sides have sold out to the tobacco industry, they alone seem to feel a bit embarrassed about it.
The tobacco industry is controlled by greedy operators.

In the preamble to the proposed rule, it was noted that the rule would help the significant majority of families that seek to discourage their children from using cigarettes and smokeless tobacco.
The rule also noted that no one under the age of 21 will be allowed to purchase cigarettes and smokeless tobacco.

and that's what i i know people who don't have any credit cards at all and i'm always amazed  because i don't know how they can get by without them it doesn't seem like you can do anything anymore without a credit card
Everyone should have a credit card.

terrible you get those uh Chinook winds coming across the prairies and golly it's uh it's unbelievable the extremes in weather up there but i enjoy it gosh i
The weather there is very extreme  because of the Chinook winds coming across the prairies but the summers are beautiful.

The most beautiful you will meet during the next convention.
The most beautiful and intelligent thing you will meet during the next convention.

i've recently um tried tried to update my wardrobe trying to put suits together that i can interchange the jackets and the blouses and all that a lot
The jackets and blouses go on the top because that way it is easier to put suits together

And in 1594, it was where Henri IV made his cynical conversion to Catholicism, a move that reinforced his hold on the French throne.
Henri IV was losing the throne before converting.

In addition, he said several foundations that give money to the LAF have seen their endowments shrink with the declining stock market, and the money available from the Interest on Lawyers Trust Accounts program also has dwindled as interest rates have approached zero.
not all foundations have had their endowments shrink though.

The current process was established in 1982.
The current process for electing representatives was established in 1982.

The cable companies are facing some increased competition from direct-broadcast satellite providers , but they have maintained their grip.
The cable companies have more competition from satellites, who have cheaper prices.

The wonderful feeling ended at a ladies' gathering at a fitness club, where all her friends talked about the prominent nose (a la Depardieu) of Pawelec's new wife, and Jolanta's dainty nose wasn't even noticed at all.
Jolanta had hoped that her small nose would be what everyone would talk about at the fitness center.

The 1960 census recorded 51,000 black-white marriages.
In 1960 there were 51,000 black-white marriages and 100,000 white-white marriages.

26 g for fathead minnows.
Fathead minnows are available for less at bulk cost.

but we i mean even before i mean usually we you know we might have a beer but that's about it so
We do not meet often.

There was something about the place that struck a chill to both their hearts.
The ghosts rattling the chains in the haunted mansion struck a chill both their hearts.

It was inevitable that Malamud's editor would bring out a Complete Stories . Completeness is not always a virtue, though.
Malamud's editor planned several volumes of Complete Stories.

His own firm in Bethlehem, he said, operates under the Marcos  and  Negron philosophy.
He believes the Marcos and Negron philosophy to be superior to others.

Nonetheless, Lind says, the strategy of maximal realism means it would have been better to have started the defense, and continued it until the casualties became too high for domestic politics to bear, than to have taken the minimal realism course of not starting the fight.
Along with maximal realism, there would need to be a lot of money poured into the strategy of starting the defense.

The Iranian government has assassinated two KDPI leaders.
The Iranians are vicious and cruel. 

Effective implementation of the Results Act, however, hinges on agencies' ability to routinely produce meaningful budget, accounting, and program information needed to manage performance and measure results.
The Results Act requires the agency to work with a budget of $100,000.

At the end of three days if there's nothing well, you'll know I'm down and out.
I am depending on something to happen before the end of three days to help me. 

okay Jim um can you tell me a little bit about your opinions on capital punishment
I think that it's effective, but takes too long.

They moved slowly along the path, keeping their eyes front.
They looked forward to the church as they moved slowly and quietly down the path. 

they um tend to spend
They tend to spend $500 per day

Individuals value visibility both in the places they live and work (referred to as residential visibility), and in the places they travel to for recreational purposes (referred to as recreational visibility).
Individuals, if they had to choose, prefer residential visibility more than recreational visibility.

An auditor using this guide to review an acquisition that includes significant software development and has a contract in place should review appendix II for techniques to help identify variances from the agency's cost and schedule estimates.
Appendix II shows ways to identify large variances from the group's cost and schedule estimates.

hum well do you think we've
In your opinion, do you think we've done well?

Buttoned up, I looked almost respectable.
I looked like a good businessman.

out of it Things like that and i consider that fairly intelligent humor you know
I consider SNL fairly intelligent humor.

His face is stern and somewhat goat-like.
He was angered by what they had done.

and so they say there's uh three hours of labor just to uncover where the the metal shaft goes in because it goes through the through the door in between the windshield and the driver's side door and comes out above the driver's head
The labor hours are highly exaggerated.

They also erected a fortress, called Nimrod's Castle, on the site of a structure supposedly built by the same man who built the Tower of Babel.
The man who built the Tower of Babel was known as Easus the Constructor. 

Stanley is also a favorite place of residence for ex-pats.
Ex-pats refers to ex-patriots, either Americans or American Veterans who move abroad to live.

no see i'm not i've not ever been a real craft type person i have a sister-in-law that i mean if it can be done with your hands she does it she makes things for the kids for Christmas and nephews and nieces and i look at them and i think God you know i i should be able to do things like this
My sister-in-law has been a crafty person since she was a child.

but you know it's it's similar to a lobster too because the tail has got the little pleats in it like a lobster would
Shrimp tails are kind of similar to lobster tails. 

He recalled the 1970s, when many ED procedures were adapted for use in the field by EMS without appropriate evaluation.
ED procedures have experienced a huge transformation in the last decade.

Examples of other payments of a similar nature (and also classified as other financing sources) are the payment by the General Fund to the social security trust funds for military service credits and for certain uninsured persons at least 72 years old
Uninsured persons are well off as a result.

How Anda had wanted daughters.
Andra wanted to adopt a girl because she didn't have one.

which opens the door for Bergman's too-pat Ordinary people under extraordinary circumstances, Mike.
That makes for a smooth transition to Bergman's unnatural show.

and in the summer same thing we get our extension cords running from all these tents but we've got the fans going
We can have as many as five fans going at the same time in the summer.

What's the difficulty? 
There seems to be a lot of problems with this.

This level of decline is greater than previously seen in the recent past.
Fortunately, we can explain the reasons for the differences in the level of decline.

It will be interesting to see if Nerve can keep it up.
I really doubt Nerve can keep up.

As I noted earlier, the board and the auditors should have a strategic alignment of interests.
The board and auditors should align their interests to work together on preparing financial statements.

Key to  Vince McMahon, WWF president, has made himself part of the storyline.
Vince McMahon really enjoyed being a part of the WWF shows.  

I'd Like To Thank Members of the Academy
I want to give my thanks to the members of the naval academy.

Every chair was a sculpture, every lamp a work of art.
The beautiful furnishings were awe-inspiring to look at, though completely non-functioning.

The agency's 1996 appropriation requires that, for certain purposes, the Federal Government deem accredited any postgraduate physician training program that would be accredited but for the accrediting agency's reliance upon an accreditation standard that requires an entity to perform an induced abortion or require, provide, or refer for training in the performance of induced abortions, or make arrangements for such training . . .. See Section 101(d) of Pub.
The Federal Government accredits postgraduate physician training programs at public hospitals.

well the thing i liked about it was that it was so unconventional that you couldn't predict what was coming next
The fiction book I read was so unconventional, you couldn't predict what was coming next.

At the southern end of Cardine V, the patrician House of the Stags (Casa dei Cervi) is named after its frescoes of two stags being attacked by hounds.
The two stags in the fresco is based on a true story.

Jon expected that as well, though he hoped for something else.
Jon has experiences something that is in equal parts negative and positive.

uh well i work as a temporary in the Speech Lab
I work as a temporary speech adviser in the Speech Lab.

some of the political trends that have started up uh i guess in the other side of the ocean as it were some of the uh
There's all of these political trends that are having an effect on the world.

The mill sits on the River Mite, and La'al Ratty makes a regular stop here.
The River Mite flows right next to a bustling city.

Ca'daan looked at the scars on the man's body, strange wounds he could not understand.
The man didn't know how he had been hurt.

VF excerpts two new books about Michael Jordan.
Michael Jordan is a famous basketball player. 

Don't just stand around when he's in sight." He picked up a loop of rope and passed it to Hanson, making a great show of hard work.
If you don't look busy he will find some other work for you.

Thorn turned and looked at the mercenary.
Thorn glared at the mercenary in front of him.

Despite US intelligence reports and monitored communications indicating the desperation of large sections of the Japanese government for peace, the Japanese rejection of the Potsdam Declaration calling for Japan's unconditional surrender was the excuse for unleashing the ultimate weapon of the war.
Japan had received many calls for surrender before.

In the rear of the mine.
Near the end of the cave.

Allowance System
Money system for kids

A notice of proposed rulemaking was published on November 1, 1995.
We wanted to get the city together to create laws in 1995.

The 29th, he said thoughtfully, "is less than a fortnight ahead  " For a moment the German hesitated.
The 29th is not far off. The German paused for a few seconds.

The best-known of these, Mickey Mantle's mythical 565-foot blast on a windy day at Washington's Griffith Stadium, probably traveled about 506 feet, according to The Physics of Baseball author Robert K. Adair.
Mickey Mantle hit a ball 565-feet and the crowd went wild.

There is little point in funding research on interventions that are unlikely to be implemented.
Intervention is the best way to deal with personal and social issues.

a little piece of trivia you know the guy when he first headed out from the army post
perhaps you've heard that when the man left the army post, he was captured and brought back.

The museum is almost on the spot where the Portuguese first landed.
The Portuguese first landed close to that museum and quickly began proselytizing their religious beliefs.

The fools who had moved the orrery must have been so careless that they'd sprung the mechanism.
The people that moved the orrery were inconsiderate.

No matter how much information gets loaded into it, the Internet is never going to transform the dynamics of human behavior.
There are already billions of things on the Internet.

they don't do them real often which is obviously the death penalty
Death penalty should be outlawed, in my opinion.

readers answered our survey.
Readers told us they would like to name the new boat "Boaty McBoatface"

now and i have two children also  so that it keeps me very busy but i really enjoy it when i do do it when i get the chance you know it's really
My children tend to act out when I take time away from them.

Magic that fails, and rush, rush, rush until I'm half ready to be tortured for falling behind, and--you!
It is difficult to get magic right. 

Now ain't they th' purtiest things? he inquired of the stable at large.
He had a real fondness for all stable animals. 

yeah sounds like you have a real good garden
I'm glad your vegetables are doing well in your garden.

put dents in the tiles just multitude of them i mean even places it's it's past the dent stage we're talking some of it's been peeled away you know i don't know what they
They're very expensive to replace.

LSC's work with NLADA continues on many fronts.
LSC is satisfied with the partnership.

The cold accents of the German took up the conversation: "Have you anything to say before you are put to death as a spy?"
The spy was being put to death for stealing an important document.

However, FDA rejected suggestions that low-risk devices be exempted because the cost of implementation will exceed the public health benefits gained.
The cost of implementation is quite high.

Your cards probably don't work either, because the size of the reader has changed.
Everyone was had to get new cards because of the new reader size.

However, before I lose the forest---and a very important one it is---for the trees, I want to step back a bit.
I am worried I'll get distracted and forget what I wanted to say.

The show lacks insight and inspiration, says the New York Times ' Roberta Smith.
Roberta Smith also said that the show was too long. 

Fiss believes that the need for equal-time laws is as urgent today as it was in the 1970s, which is peculiar in light of the proliferation of media outlets.
Equal-time laws were very important for minorities in the 1970s.

and it so that people can come in in the winter time and walk
Most people wait until winter to do the walking

Straggling processions, singing the Red Flag, wandered through the streets in a more or less aimless manner.
There was no reason for the processions to be walking around in the streets.

The trouble with this evasion is, of course, that macroeconomics is important.
This evasion has a trouble, in fact macroeconomics is important, said the economist.

Any year now could be Dick Clark's last.
It is possible this year could be the last of Dick Clark, but his fans hope not, says the article.

It screamed as it fell, leaving a trail of bedrolls, water skins, and food wraps in its wake.
It got the water skins from an old desert market. 

In the monks' cells upstairs, the frescoes of the man historians call Beato (Blessed) Angelico were intended to be inspirational rather than decorative.
Beato Angelico was born in December of 1392.

the guy's guilty exactly
The guy is guilty of kidnapping.

Scenario B follows a similar pattern with expenditure increases being offset by further reductions in electricity demand as more efficient technology penetrates the market.
More efficient technology is a direct cause of reductions in electricity demands.

Parkson's, the well-known theatrical costumiers, and it was addressed to " ”(the debatable initial) Cavendish, Esq., Styles Court, Styles St. Mary, Essex." 127 "It might be T., or it might be L.," I said, after studying the thing for a minute or two. 
This piece of evidence has just about closed this case.

40For more information about trust funds in the federal budget, see Federal Trust and Other Earmarked  Answers to Frequently Asked Questions (GAO-01-199SP, January 2001).
GAO-01-199SP was prepared alongside this current report.

Under this approach, an owner prepares a project scope definition and then engages a single entity that will provide all services necessary to complete the design and construct the facility.
The owner provides tools to build the facility.

Cinemas on the Champs-Elysees, in Montparnasse, St-Germain-des-Pres, Bastille, and the Forum des Halles all show VO movies.
Cinemas on the Champs-Elysees specialize in german and Dutch movies.

The 40-mile trip takes about an hour.
The route usually has light traffic, so the original estimate can't be too far off.

The American Psychiatric Association in DSM III-R, IV2 and the World Health Organization (WHO) in the 9th and 10th International Classification of Diseases (ICD-9, -10) have rigorously defined alcohol abuse and alcohol dependence.
The WHO has a strict definition for alcohol abuse, which is more than four drinks a day, three times a week.

According to psychologist David Keirsey, you are one of Plato's four types, you were born that way, you will always be that way, and you can find out which one you are by taking the temperament sorter quiz on his Web site.
David Keirsey is entrenched in his own Dogma and won't consider any other ideas. 

it's it's it's you you know it's it's gotten to be a two income family to just survive today between taxes and the cost of living and i don't think raises have kept up with you know a lot of the stuff uh you know as far as your medical insurance and uh just groceries and gasoline and all this you know
Most two income families are better off than those who are not.

Bill Bennett said Newt Gingrich is cozying up to the left and should change course or step down.
Newt Gingrich does not agree with what Bill Bennett said.

On the main road out of town to the south, only a few minutes' walk from the hotel is the imposing Nubian Museum.
The small but imposing Nubian Museum is on the main road out of town to the south and only a few minutes walk from the lovely hotel.

'So will that bomb if we're not off this thing in thirty minutes,' White shrugged.
White knew that this was a very dangerous situation, but to keep everything lighthearted, he jokingly said that the bomb, too, would be in the same danger they were in if they didn't get off in thirty minutes.

The new conquerors of northern India did not come uninvited.
Northern India's new conquerors came invited by Southern India's rulers.

The Industrialist touched her arm.
The Industrialist wanted to make a closer connection with her.

For example, the federal government provides funding- such as grants, loans, or loan guarantees-to state and local governments to finance the construction and improvement of the nation's highways, mass transit systems, and water systems.
Only federal grants are used to fund improvements of the water systems.

A Time sidebar blames the uncritical media for promoting the drugs in the war against fat.
The media is the culprit for encouraging the use of drugs in slimming through misrepresentation.

Defense  Employing Best Practices Can Shape Better Weapon System Decisions.
Best practices for weapons systems ensure that all branches have similar standards.

over in TI mean for TI but over in Italy uh
TI's tour is over in Italy.

I assume that the seven represents the planets.
I am correct in assuming that the seven represent the planets.

It turns out, however, that to social psychologists there is nothing at all surprising about this antagonism.
Social psychologists have always understood the antagonism.

Today it is very popular with package vacationers, particularly high-spirited young Europeans.
High-spirited young Europeans and Asian seniors like package vacations.

It is easily reached byferry from San Pedro or Long Beach, or the Catalina Flyer catamaran from Newport Beach.
Most tourists get sick when traveling by ferry.

Pennebaker made about Dylan's previous European tour in 1965, Eat the Document , which was edited by Dylan himself, is a pointless coda.
The tour was very popular among children at the time.

This does a great disservice to the Greek musical tradition, which is rich, varied and goes back for hundreds of years.
The Greek musical tradition includes guitar music. 

I forgot.
An answer was forgotten. 

oh well you're you're almost a Texan i've been here thirty two years
You sound and act like a Texan.

What symmetry! 
Everything was evenly in place. 

Most either rent the mobile homes or the lots where the homes are parked. 
They wanted to someday own the lot.

Amazingly, the island retains its Greek character.
The island was once controlled by the Greeks.

At the heart of the report was a survey of 1,622 third-year law students at 117 campuses in 40 states and the District of Columbia.
There are lots of 3rd year law students 

Don't tell me you're Conrad's niece, or daughter, or anything, because I can't believe it."
Conrad is my foe and you had better not be of the same bloodline.

Only, lissen here, kid, maybe you'd better keep outta sight.
Stay out of sight, kid, the monsters are coming.

The advice from the attorney to the client and the advocacy by the attorney to the courts cannot be classified as governmental speech even under a generous understanding of the concept.
The advice between attorney and client is not governmental speech, though it does have protections.

Dole gave 12 hours of formal interviews and lots more time informally, in part because, as his press secretary Nelson Warfield told me last week, he likes Woodward personally.
Dole, Warfield and Woodward work in the same office.

In 2001, LSC devised a method to measure other significant responsibilities that programs undertake to help clients, in addition to handling client cases.
LSC invented a way to measure client assets.

yeah he's gonna be going to kindergarten so so you know we're we're thinking about that what that what that gonna be like are they gonna be taught nothing are they gonna be taught something we're gonna we're gonna be involved in our child's education we're gonna be teaching him what we can at home of course
What is taught to kids at kindergarten level?

Rosenberg also points to one reason to think the HIV-negative gay male may actually live longer on average than the straight  Gays may have higher incomes and more education on average than straights--two factors powerfully correlated with longer life spans.
Rosenberg shows that gay people will always be happier than straight people

have you gotten your catalog yet
Is the catalog in your house?

okay Diana uh on capital punishment in our state they give the death penalty for shooting of a policeman
I agree that they should get the death penalty.

The ancient Greeks traditionally took the fall of Troy, as recounted by Homer, as the starting point of their history.
Homer recounted the fall of Troy, but some elements are false.

i'm used to pieces i and and i played classical flute i didn't play play jazz flute or anything like that so i can i can relate to it i suppose but uh and i like i'm like you  i like the older stuff too because i like Chicago and i like i like um uh
I played a lot of classical flute and some piano.

There is a fine collection of historical memorabilia as well as old paintings and etchings, and a 19th-century Chinese bridal chamber.
The 19th-century Chinese bridal chamber comes from Beijing.

SOUTHWEST
In the direction of the old schoolhouse.

yes they can take care of themselves especially cats are pretty good about being independent
Cats have learned to be independent from previous generations.  

Therefore, when design engineers are designing the new product, they must identify its key characteristics so that manufacturing engineers can identify and control critical manufacturing processes.
Design engineers have to communicate frequently with manufacturing engineers.

me too  oh
me too, but only sometimes

And don't miss a stroll down Francis Street (Dublin 7), Dublin's  antiques highway,  lined with antiques and art stores.
Francis Street is the perfect place to find art and antiques to purchase.

In fact, in the relatively small area that most visitors are likely to cover, Madrid doesn't really feel like an overgrown, Europeanized capital.
The area the usual visitor covers doesn't get to their expectations.

Why wait for legislation, if we can act now to drive costs out of the system and lower rates for qualified mailers?
Waiting for legislation might be necessary due to the politics.

Ten or twenty years.
As many years as was expected. 

You should have considered all the implications of omnipotence."  Sather Karf nodded.
You should have mulled the idea of omnipotence over.

It's it's so lovely to think of things and then for them really to happen! cried Tuppence enthusiastically.
"For positive things to really happen when you think of them is so wonderful!"

Intrinsic to the development of the Program Letter, was the input we solicited on exemplary systems from individuals and organizations with special knowledge or experience about the topic.
The Program Letter is developed using help from individuals and nonprofit organizations.

One of the private lawyers offering her help Wednesday was Edwina Schleider, whose regular law practice involves representing landlords in similar matters.
One of the lawyers was Schleider, considered an expert in the field.

What Allen utterly failed to address is the fact that regardless of their effects on aggregate consumption and investment, tax hikes are bad--and tax cuts, good--for individual taxpayers.
Tax hikes are bad for middle class people.

A follow-up survey of the 415 participants in the year 199W showed that 80% were earning at least as much as they were earning in their Navy contractor positions.
 A follow-up survey of the 415 participants was taken twice as the results got lost initially.

He would like to see more thinking about how these changes should be incorporated into research and more strategies that piggy-back on this information revolution and shift in power.
He wants to see more thinking about how to incorporate these security changes.

and that's that's not terribly far
Yosemite isn't so far.

um-hum but the motivation though see wasn't didn't have anything i don't believe it had anything to do with the oil because i think i i feel like the real the real motivation of the war was to break up that Arab power not to disperse the oil but to they were a big problem for the the unifying of the EEC the European Economic Community which are gonna become i i i mean they're gonna be
The Iraqi war was started due to conflicting political opinions and the oil economy.

They also captured knowledge that a product was ready to begin production (exiting the demonstration phase) as demonstrated by proof that critical processes were in control and product reliability was achievable.
The learned when products were going to be produced in the factories.

You'll also see some of his pasos sculpture in life size or larger, a feature of religious processions, particularly during Holy Week.
Young children are also part of religious processions.

Pelicans!
Birds!

These sites are, I think, the meteorological equivalent of snuff films.
These sites are completely unethical in what they show.

Adams recommended focusing on the  who, what, where, when and how.
The most important things to focus on are the who, what, where, when and how, according to Adam.

At the west end of the park, the elegant pink Quinta Vigia is the residence of Madeira's governor.
The governor of Madeira is often seen in the park.

it is i mean i'm one of those forty million Americans running around with no health insurance at the moment
Every American wishes that they had health insurance but they can't.

The greatest scene in Three Kings , this season's best movie about Kuwait, (which is, incidentally, a new Oscar category thanks to a generous contribution from Mobil-Exxon), comes at the end, when the U.S.
The Three Kings was a financial success at the box office.

His nomination had been held up for 14 months, first on ethics questions and then because of spats between the GOP and the White House.
His nomination finally went through after 14 months of waiting.

okay what are your feelings on crime and what can be done about it i'd be interested in hearing since you are a prison guard
Do you have any specific ideas about reducing crime rates?

Fluid from Vrenna's cut filled his lungs.
Vreena's lungs filled up with blood.

When that happens, Democrats will be bound to escalate the confirmation battle once more, to settle their score with Hatch.
The confirmation battles is only important to Democrats.

On This Week , Birch focused on civil rights and job discrimination, only to be derailed by George Will's first  Does basic, equal, civil rights include the right to marry?
Birch focused on civil issues but George Will disagreed and said we should focus on the economy.

Similarly, her title teases her readers, inviting us to draw parallels between her personal history and the story she tells in the novel, though she declines to supply the necessary details about her life.
Her titles have nothing to do with the book, but instead lead to fan theories about her mysterious life

but uh see that our whole system is built on on owing on borrowing
Our whole system is built on borrowing and loaning from a financial institution

and they took it more as just like a majority
They took it as a majority for the first time I'd witnessed. 

i've i've never seen a Gene Autry movie hm
My parents are real fans of Gene Autry's work.

The constitution was not restored until February 1971.
The restoration of the constitution was done in 1971 by a senator who sacrificed everything.

In a section devoted to miscellaneous ways in which the Holocaust had entered American discourse, I listed a few cases in which I thought this was so, mentioning Hillary Clinton, Woody Allen, and a handful of others.
Will Smith had previously held a seminar on the atrocities at Auschwitz. 

Either someone is privileged, or he is not.
There is no inbetween, either you lead a life of privilege or you don't.

Behind the church are two more sites of great religious significance.
These two sites are slightly less important then the church itself, but still significant.

This documentation should address
The document should address the changes. 

What is shown is that the postal service would spend approximately 4a per piece to sort and barcode the first 20 billion pieces.
The post office spends $1 billion creating barcodes.

The legislative history of IRCA makes clear that Congress intended for LSC recipients to provide meaningful legal representation to H-2A workers on matters arising under the employment contract.
LSC recipients did not fulfil their duties towards H-2A workers.

 Many small donations ($1 to $5,000) are particularly important to maintaining tax exempt status with the IRS.
The IRS likes small donations.

Jon told the Kal and Susan of the Sticks as they made their way back to the town, careful to avoid any of Stark's spies.
Stark had spies crawling all over the town.

Tests of Evidence
Thorough examination

Last summer the unit, which watches for signs of a military coup, executed 120 soldiers suspected of planning a rebellion.
The unit had to recruit more soldiers after executing 120 of them.

yeah yeah well they'll get at it sooner i guess the schools will get into it too sooner or later they
The idea was well received, so I've no doubt the schools will follow suit.

uh in fact uh there was one lady in this area she was caught going to work and leaving her daughter in her car all day
There was one lady in the area that left her daughter in the car and the baby died.

Eleven O'clock.
It was 11 p.m.

'You're going to let us get off at the next stop, or I'm going to shoot this man in the head,' White said crisply.
Let us off this bus right now.

Why were those counterparts so willing to play along?
The counterparts had ulterior motives to play along.

As we finished lunch, I asked whether I was right in assuming Yates thought term limits were a bad idea.
Yates doesn't know what he's doing. 

When obtaining, storing, and using computer-generated information, an organization must always be mindful of privacy and security issues.
There are some organizations that do not take their security as seriously as they should.

Guisado de pavo, turkey stew, is a gastronomic to do justice to this speciality of Orihuela, be sure to order it at least six hours in advance.
Guisado de pavo must be cooked for 5 hours and left to cool for one hour.

Susan sat on a bedroll near the rise of the bluff on a large slate rock that had fallen centuries ago.
Susan is tired and wants to rest.

These audits examined the accuracy of case statistical reports submitted by six grantees, and the causes of identified deficiencies, rather than validating or testing the accuracy of national or system-wide data.
They did not want to test national wide data.

uh i've got uh five stickers here from TI so i guess i've done probably uh i'd say seven or eight of them
I have five now but I'm supposed to get ten more soon.

Splendidly housed in the Hotel Sal??, a beautifully restored 17th-century mansion, the museum offers a moving portrait of the man, his family, his mistresses, and friends, with letters, manuscripts, photo albums, notebooks, his French Communist Party membership card, bullfight tickets, and some holiday postcards.
THe French government paid to restore Hotel Sal.

Johnny warn't no real trouble 'fore he skinned off to ride with Howard.
Howard is a cousin of Johnny's.

With reference to the dramatic increase in pro bono after Sept. 11, she added, The first thing I learned is that there is a great passion among lawyers and judges to focus on access to justice, no matter what problems we have to solve.
There is reference to the dramatic increase in pro bono cases in the past 10 years.

He collapsed screaming.
After he was stabbed he collapsed screaming.

A party line comes in handy.
There are advantages to having party lines, it help one party get their agendas heard.

At the Indra Chowk junction, four dragon-lions snarl beside the unusual stairway entrance to the many-hued and balconied Akash Bhairav, housing a silver Bhairav image brought out on feast days.
In Akash Bhairav, there is a silver Bhairav image that is only brought out to view on feast days. Feast days occur twice a year and only locals can attend. 

so it's it's sitting on display on top of my bookcase
I have a few other items on top of my bookcase as well.

Yes, said Sir James.
Sir James nodded while verbally agreeing. 

When Ben found out he was married to the mother of his stepbrother, he insisted that the truth be revealed.
Ben found out he was married to the mother of his stepbrother, so wanted the truth to be revealed, but they refused.

The present buildings are based around a fourth-century structure that is said to have been commissioned by St. Helen, mother of Constantine the Great (founder of Constantinople and the leader who converted the Roman Empire to Christianity), and the sixth-century chapel uses columns from an earlier Roman temple.
The construction played a huge part in the finding of Constantinople.

Water sports include snorkeling, sunfish sailing, windsurfing, kayaking, and glass-bottomed boat trips; also tennis, horseshoes, volleyball, basketball, and golf.
The water sports are available and are included in the room rate.

Why the boy was making that offer of assistance Drew had no inkling.
Drew had fallen of his horse when the Apaches had shot at him.

It is sad to think that this peaceful culture survived in Jamaica for 800 years, only to disappear within 30 years of the arrival of European colonists.
There are many people who would want to see Jamaica destroyed.

Alison Moore indicated that these differences can also influence how researchers and clinicians tailor interventions to apply to people with different cultural attributes.
Alison Moore is a graduate student at the Virginia Technical School.

What of it? 
What?

With a majestic dome uniting the four octagonal kiosks over the terrace's latticed arches, this is the first fully-realized masterpiece of Mughal architecture.
The dome had to be rebuilt after being destroyed in a war.

Substantial increase in absolute value of own-price elasticity of aggregate household demand from 1986 to 1994, from -0.
The increase in value of household demand was very large.

He was Drew Kirby, Texan, not Drew Rennie of Red Springs, Kentucky.
Drew Kirby was slightly older than Drew Rennie.

Beyond the two monuments is Waverley Bridge.
You can see the monuments from the bridge.

From a macroeconomic perspective, any increase in saving up to the golden rule saving rate allows a nation to increase consumption in the long run.
Any increase in savings up to that golden rule lets a country increase consumption over time by up to 5%.

The man smiled at her but she did not smile back.
The woman was angry with the man. 

Jim is one who has always given as generously of his time as he did his money.
Jim spends hours every week volunteering and donates $10,000 a year.

yeah so basically if you want to take the risk
If you want to take the risk, you can but I think it's a bad idea.

Now wrap the cloth around your waist and let it hang down in front.
Once you have wrapped the cloth you will be able to fight efficiently.

Adrin pushed through and the others followed to get a view, the crowd around them complaining of the jostle.
Adrin moved to the front of the crowd.

Many of the eight techniques are discussed in the General Policy Manual, chapter 8.0.
The other techniques take into account special circumstances and are located in chapter 8.1.

Quiz participant Harald Amodt began his response with the observation, It's the inclusion of farm animals that makes one wonder if this spectacle involves sex or violence.
The quiz covers all issues affecting humanity.

The Alczar became a fort of the crown of Castile.
Castile had 20 such forts throughout the land.

Shucks! retorted Julius.
Julius was being sarcastic.

This is the fabled game of cheering (and cursing) crowds, where everyone at the table has a stake in what one hapless gambler does with the dice.
There are a lot of cheering people that make sure the excitement level is high.

Most of them are harmless, not to mention cute.
They are especially cute when they are small.

on your baseboards
on top of your baseboards

and uh she she twisted
She twisted her ankle/

You can make several separate trips to view all the attractions that the town has to offer, and you'll certainly get used to the slow pace of these windblown boats.
None of the boats have ever moved at a fast pace. 

James H. Schropp, a Washington partner at New York's Fried, Frank, Harris, Shriver and; Jacobson, represented Max Soffar, a Texas inmate whose capital murder conviction was reversed after 21 years.
Schropp used modern-day technology such as DNA testing and motion-sensing equipment.

Technology may soon provide some solutions.
This is  a long time in coming.

Then I wonder how they twigged me. Mr. Carter looked inquiringly at him, and Tommy explained.
I wonder who gave them information about me.

It is expected that one SCR system requires about 21 months of total effort for planning, engineering, installation, and startup.
The system takes plenty of time due to the complex nature of it.

5 billion that these banks can use to fund their mortgages, home equity loans, automobile loans, and other types of loans for which they receive approximately 7 percent or more on interest they charge.
$5 billion was used by the banks to fund loans to Americans who couldn't otherwise qualify.

The health of one of the bravest of America's daughters, to whom is due the thanks and gratitude of two great countries!" 232 Chapter 28 And After "THAT was a mighty good toast, Jane," said Mr. Hersheimmer, as he and his cousin were being driven back in the Rolls-Royce to the Ritz.
Mr. Hersheimmer, his aunt and his cousin were being taken back to the Ritz.

Currently, managers are focused more on the annual exercise of obtaining funding needed to keep their programs viable and alive.
Charity balls and road races are ways the managers raise funds.

you know their demographic studies that they do that show you know that everybody's IQ has dropped dramatically  or something
Another study's underway to find the reason for the sharp IQ drop.

In 2002, we hosted a Cyber Cafe at both the NLADA Annual Meeting and at the Equal Justice Conference to give Internet access to conference participants, allowing them to check their email.
We hosted a Cyber Cafe at the annual meeting in Washington DC.

Callie was already on his way to the door.
Callie was crawling toward the door.

he ripped them off and stuck them in the envelopes and there they went you know and he said you know i can balance my checkbook in seconds you know because it's all in the computer you know so
I still think he should have written records, though.

Random Hearts . 'As anybody with any understanding of the scientific process could tell you, the problem here lies with Sydney Pollack,' Dr. Ostroff noted.
Pollack is blamed for the entire problem.

uh i think that's because of what Ditka done to him that just put it in my head and kept it there but uh i don't know
i can't forget what Ditka did to him

The past is gone.
The future might be gone too.

The street acquired its name in the 19th century, when it was laid out for the vehicles of the city's Western residents; a more recent redesign evokes that era with red brick sidewalks and imitation gas lamps but the boutiques along the street are up-to-the-minute.
The street was named by the residents.

And no-one is indispensable.
But, some people are more important than others

This would include nonfederal physical property, human capital, and research and development.
That includes things like intellectual property of private companies.

that's good they're really neat it's just
It's OK but not perfect.

N ”o ”I am sure I didn't.
I didn't close the door.

Ca'daan saw the man's shadow in the red moonlight surveying the other sleeping members of the camp.
The man made sure the people were sleeping before he acted.

He wished to be arrested. 
His motive was to be taken into custody.

um um um uh actually it sounds very i mean very similar they're sort of being they were sort of forced and now they just want to sort of speak up and say hey we want our piece
They have found the courage to stand up and speak for themselves.

In addition, other resources within the hierarchy of accounting literature are identified to aid users in accounting for these items.
The other resources discuss terminology used.

You are kind, I think ”yes, I am sure you are kind." Somehow, I was not quite as elated as I might have been. 
I believe you are a kind and generous person.

his argument is that uh the ownership is not inclined to lose big money long enough to to bring in the big dollars
The ownership would rather cut corners and save money now.

the executives
They work in the corporate office.

The Nablus Road takes you past the famous and atmospheric American Colony Hotel, once the palace of a Turkish pasha, to the small Sheikh Jarrah Mosque which gives this part of the city its name.
The Turkish pasha went to the Sheikh Jarrah Mosque to pray each day when he lived in the city.

At its height Kofukuji embraced around 175 separate buildings, including the Kasuga Grand Shrine at the foot of Mt.
Each building embraced by Kofukuji was a large building.

and they would have dinner and then it was time for them to go to bed
Supper consisted of roasted chicken and mashed potatoes.

Cost finding techniques support the overall managerial cost accounting process and can represent non-recurring analysis of specific costs.
Current cost finding techniques are overall seen as negative and need to be updated.

so that's what they consider property tax it's like like if you own your own home you have to pay property tax
The property tax you pay depends on a variety of factors.

6 million and collected or avoided costs totaling $38.
Costs were avoided by making the company more efficient.

yeah but i don't know
I know nothing about the games.

The agency's decision to consider Sonora a region from which fresh pork could be imported with a negligible risk of introducing or disseminating hog cholera was based on an analysis of a number of risk factors detailed in the supplementary information published with the final rule.
Sonora can export pork effective January 2017.

Next year's millennial  A dolphin and his lawyer sit at the controls of an atomic monorail filled with Latin American millionaires throwing oranges at the ghost of Jackie Gleason as he flees inside the Fontainbleu Hotel.
It was all a dream, but the monorail with the millionaire Latin Americans and ghostly Jackie Gleason still amused me.

There is a notable collection of Irish art, including a roomful of Jack Yeats's paintings.
Yeats made a significant contribution to Irish art.

Hi Henry!" The small boy came obediently.
The small boy walked over obediently to his mother.

well see well see those of us that don't have state income taxes yet that's the big debate here in Texas that they their the legislature wants to put one in and it's interesting what people get upset about uh
Fortunately, here in Texas we don't pay state income taxes yet, but the legislature wants to add one and I am totally against it.

The creeper symbolizes the impassiveness he is said to have observed in this upright position of pratimayoga, which he adopted for one whole year in response to his brother's lust for worldly power.
He stood perfectly still in this position and did not even blink all year.

In this strategic capacity, CIOs take the lead role in integrating information and technology management and performance across the entire information life cycle.
Giving CIOs a leadership role when it comes to IT management and performance throughout the process makes operations more efficient.

'What is it you want to do, exactly?' I demanded.
I was upset with them as I asked. 

Sometimes the operative constraint is physical--you can't build airports just any old place.
They did not think to make sure it would fit before they started construction.

The program achieved design stability before moving into system demonstration by incorporating mature technologies and components from other missiles and munitions, using engineering prototypes to demonstrate the design, holding a series of design reviews prior to the system level critical design review, and completing and releasing 95 percent of the engineering drawings at that time.
The steps to achieve design stability were extensive.

Moreover, GAO's statutory right of access to an agency's records is not diminished by the certification provisions of the legislation.
Many agency's don't realize that the GOA still have the right to access their records by statutory rights.

Actor Anthony Sher, as Stanley, is astonishing, as though he were plugged into a power source the rest of the world had yet to discover, says the New York Times ' Ben Brantley.
Anthony Sher was nominated for an Oscar

Because of the male exodus to France and elsewhere in search of jobs, women continue to outnumber men.
The disproportionate demographic causes societal issues such as not enough marriages taking place. 

Initial demand for land in the New Town was not spectacular; in fact, incentives had to be offered to entice buyers.
Various tax exemptions and special payment schemes were devised in the hopes of increasing sales of land in the New Town. 

voters i mean the kids in that class they are not going to let them vote this time but they have to do whatever these people whichever one the other people elect do if they did something like that and started kids out real young and showed them
Kids have to do whatever the elected officials wants them to.

As the linchpin member of the national civil justice community, LSC regularly joins with its national partners to promote equal access.
The national civil justice community is an organization of superheroes that fights crime all over the world.

Fields of yellow mustard are grown for oil-seed.
The yellow mustard is harvested in the Fall.

now my children have have sometimes um well they've gone to a few of the concerts and so on of Christian musicians that come for our youth group at our church and um and
My children's taste in music hasn't quite matured yet.

Single people fear they're going to die alone--unloved and unloving.
Single people fear they'll never find anyone to marry and have a family with.

yeah i mean for somebody who is you know for most of their life has has uh not just merely had a farm but had ten children had a farm ran everything because her husband was away in the coal mines and you know facing that situation it it's quite a dilemma i think
for someone who had so much responsibility in her life, it's quite a dilemma to give that up and be taken care

Social questions, all.
Questions were asked by the press.

Moreover, in any event,
Well in any event 

i like the Giants because of uh Bill Parcells and i like him as a coach and he's he's been for years a a good coach i i think
Bill Parcells has been a coach for twenty years.

But the little geezer who worked the smudgepot just walked up to it and wiggled his finger.
The geezer from the smudgepot was quite annoying.

well at a price tag of six thousand bucks i don't know if they're going to have a whole lot of takers
They should cut their by at least fifty percent.

Need any help, son?"Drew shook his head, wanting to bring Shiloh under full control at a rate which would quiet the colt before they headed back to the furor about the finish line.
Drew was trying to calm Shiloh down because he was getting restless.

after you go or before you go so it was tough so but anyway well i don't have much more to say about it
 I could say more about how hard it was, but it's too painful for me to relive.

I was in such a funk I had to think of something, said Tommy simply.
The death had brought down the mood of everyone.

Kramenin, by this time, was as putty in the other's hands.
Kramenin was only able to be persuaded as he was tired

In January 2000, the LSC Board of Directors approved LSC's 5-year Strategic Direction Plan.
They wanted to get the plan underway quickly.

The 'Russian miracle,' that of always avoiding catastrophes at the last moment, remains, however, fragile--more and more fragile, it said.
While the "Russian miracle" remains fragile it is still quite effective in many cases.

On the dirt roads of the town Jon saw at least six corpses of villagers.
Jon saw many dead men.

In warm weather months, their spirited 4-piece orchestras play everything from Moon River to polkas and Neapolitan love songs.
The orchestras play from March through October.

It is intended to assist federal officials in strengthening their security programs, and we are pleased that it has been endorsed by the federal Chief Information Officers Council.
The Chief Information Officers Council endorsed the program to make security stronger.

How tax incentives affect personal saving, and ultimately, national saving is less certain.
Personal saving is too low

He seemed very emphatic once or twice he beat with his fist on the table.
It hurt when he hit the table with his fists.  

yeah well did you go camping by yourself then you didn't go with other people or
You should have went camping with other people.

oh i see uh-huh okay so they know that and they
I see that they know that, and they still want to go?

These cautionary scenarios demonstrate that our problem is not just race in the abstract.
Our  problem isn't just race, it is prejudice in the basic form.

yeah like i say it's not a very controversial thing everyone thinks we should do it it's just that we're so lazy i mean like personally i don't want to clean my i just have can cat food i don't want to clean the can and take the label off it and put it in a separate bin
We would put our cat food cans in a separate bin if we didn't need to clean them beforehand.

This is a pretty venal outlook, but it's built into the Washington operating system the way, say, Internet Explorer is said to be integrated into Windows.
Windows can be run effectively without Internet Explorer.

The people of the once-glorious city were forced into an exile known as  the Babylonian Captivity.  
The people were miserable while living in exile.

It was a palace, huge and carved inside out.
The palace was made of wood. 

Canada Post, Consignia (Royal Mail), Posti Finland and La Poste supplied the percentages of delivery and mail processing costs to us.
Posti Finland found it more cost-effective to supply the percentages of delivery costs to us.

One kind of rope was too stiff, but the color was nice - Button-down Shirt Blue 'Dark Day on Wall Street.' Unfortunately, that kind could damage the impeccably chosen suit jacket fabric (yes, the director was wearing a suit jacket, because he wanted everything to match nicely).
One rope was the perfect blue to match his clothes for the wedding.

It's well worth visiting this city, which was planned in 1950 by Swiss-French architect Le Corbusier, invited by the Indian government to create a new city for the post-Partition Punjab on a windy plain at the foot of the Himalayas.
Le Corbusier was the best street designer in the world.

that's fine that that's the freedom of choice and i i agree with that because anyone who has children that doesn't really want them isn't going to be a good parent
Freedom of choice in childrearing is important for men and women both.

Sitting down in front of the glass, she stared at her own reflection for some minutes.
Because the glass showed her reflection, she stared at it.

Ferries also go to Terre-de-Bas, leaving from Pointe Pitre, St-Francois, Trois-Riviyres, and Basse-Terre.
Ferries leave very early and then, every hour on the hour.

Alternatively, choose from small Land Rover type vehicles, scooters, and mopeds.
Land Rover type vehicles are small.

Now who's on top and who's underneath? she crowed.
This was the first time they had gone to bed together.

Many of the clubs are in Taksim and on the European shore of the Bosphorus; one of the best-known is at the top of the Galata Tower.
At the top of the Galata Tower you can find one of the best-known clubs and an infamous restaurant.

i haven't had anything on fishing i've had uh oh arts and crafts uh football basketball and baseball
I have yet to have anything regarding fishing, but yesterday I got something on arts and crafts and last week lots of stuff on sports.

7 billion per year (1997 dollars).
That 7 billion was worth more in 1990 dollars.

MALS earlier this month announced it expects to lose $200,000 in 2003 and beyond, largely due to a drop in the number of poor people it serves in four counties, according to the latest Census.
MALS has been losing significant sums of money for five years.

And Pooh belongs to America for economic reasons as well as literary ones.
Pooh is the most beloved American literary figure.

A key model assumption affecting international flows is the allocation of gross saving between its foreign and domestic investment uses.
Showing the difference between foreign and domestic investing shows that we are horrible at investing.

Nor am I claiming that Reagan single-handedly produced the result.
The result was not as satisfactory as I've expected.

Princes Street is to Scots what Oxford Street is to the English the premier shopping street of the land.
Princes Street got its namesake from the Princes that would browse the market in the past.

At present, hospitals are required to distribute a statement entitled An Important Message from Medicare5 to patients at or about the time of admission.
Over five hundred hospitals have been required to distribute this statement.

yeah well they they do low impact stuff now they're on everyday
I like it better now that they do low impact.

Sometimes it's because there are nonmarket goods involved--the high value people place on personal safety, national security, a clean environment, or social welfare.
Social welfare, out of that entire list, is valued the least by a not insubstantial number of people.

Macau's population is estimated at around 450,000, an appallingly high figure for such a small area; recent land reclamation has eased the situation to some extent.
These reclaimed lands will be the sites of new mixed-use skyscrapers holding retail, parking, offices, and residential units.

So no one will think of searching the pockets of Sir James Peel Edgerton!" He turned to Jane.
It's likely no one will check his pockets, Jane heard.

hundreds of millions of confidential taxpayer records
Most taxpayers in the records are people from the east coast

There are a number of tombs and temples scattered in farmland here; the most prominent is the mortuary temple of Ramses II, the Ramesseum.
Ramses II, the Ramesseum has the most prominent and beautiful tomb: one among nearly three hundred dotting the farmland here.

On inquiring for Mr. Hersheimmer, they were at once taken up to his suite.
Mr. Hersheimmer's suite was very spacious and grand.  

The panorama of the five volcanic craters of Mt. Aso blends vivid emerald-green mounds with great carpets of pink azaleas on the surrounding slopes and plateau.
Mt. Aso has been inactive for over a century.

 The sunset colors were not sunset.
The colors looked like sunset but were actually sunrise.

Of these 490 respondents, an estimated 155 respondents would be required to perform additional information collection.
There were only 490 people available to respond.

These amounts are not large, but competition generally prevents charging higher rates to some customers in order to fund reduced rates for others.
The maximum rate that can be charged to customers is three percent.

'I've arranged a series of events constituting a tour of America Large.'
I wanted to get the most out of Mr. Franklin's visit to us, so I set up a tour across America Large to make sure he was up to speed on the many wonders of the nation.

In the majority of domestic violence cases I see, alcohol, drug and mental health problems are at the heart of the problem.
The absence of mental health issues, alcohol and drugs would eliminate many domestic violence problems.

Traditional skills extend wider than weaving.
Fletching and tanning are other traditional skills.

Because of that history, the American people have now given such matters much more thought.
Americans are not usually know to give things much thought.  

It is advisable to provide a preconditioned (deionized) feed water by using a Culligana, Continentala, or equivalent system in front of the MILLIPOREa System to extend the life of the MILLIPOREa cartridges (see Section 5, Facilities, Equipment, and Supplies).
The MILLIPOREa cartridges are very fragile and prone to breaking.

There must be more in this affair of Inglethorp's with Mrs. Raikes than we thought, to make him hold his tongue so persistently. 
He usually is a quick talker and leads the conversations.

Jane Finn at last! 
Jane Finn finally showed up.

that (1) hold senior executives accountable for their individual and organizational performance by linking performance management with the results-oriented goals of the Government Performance and Results Act of 1993 (GPRA), (2) evaluate senior executive performance using measures that balance organizational results with customer satisfaction, employee perspectives, and any other measures agencies decide are appropriate, and
The organizational performance of senior executives is closely monitored for evaluation.

In 1566, they wrested Chios from the Genoese, bolstering their hold on the eastern Aegean Islands, but the Cyclades remained in Venetian hands for another generation or more Tinos was the last to fall in 1715.
Reclaiming the Aegean Islands was important to gain control over trade routes.

um-hum uh-hum a lot of these things can be placed in your area because of the density in population and yet they would be  just frightfully expensive to put in our area because of the scarcity of population
It would be nice to put in our area even if it is expensive.

yeah oh yeah we've had one as long as i can remember
i don't have any memories of not having a fridge

Plantations and Slavery
The practice of Slavery in the Caribbean Plantations.

Fathers and uncles employ sons and nephews in family businesses, before any outsider.
Family members get priority as they want the money to be flow through the family.

That's what we're after her for.
They had been after her for a few months.

Before the interim rule, establishing entitlement to compensation for adverse results of medical or surgical treatment required that VA be at fault or that an accident occur.
The old rules protected the VA from claims they might have otherwise had to pay.

The intent of these regulations is to encourage individuals to seek treatment for substance abuse by reducing the risk that they will be stigmatized.
The intent of these regulations is to encourage individuals to seek treatment for anal leakage.

He preferred Sufi mysticism to orthodox Islam, and held debates with Brahmins, Jain monks, Parsi Zoroastrians, and Jesuits.
He had different religious views than others. 

oh yeah oh boy you've really missed a
You should have seen it, it was amazing!

He spoke out on the impulse of the moment.
He blurted out the first thing that came to mind.

yes well do you do you know do you do gardening at home
Do you tend to your garden at home.

or think about looking at the mountains you got to throw in a dollar
To look at the mountains longer, you'll have to pay more money.

When the foreclosed property is sold, any difference between the sales proceeds and the book value (i.e.
A foreclosed property can be sold if a buyer is available on the market.

we're talking about fishing today daddy
Let's stick to fishing. 

The road winds westward to at least two memorable lookout points looking back at the village from the main road.
The lookout points were used during a war.

yeah exactly i mean and sometimes they they would now i like Jeopardy and Jeopardy comes on here at seven o'clock
I like how smart the contestants are on Jeopardy.

You are welcome to explore or take a tour around College Green, but some of the buildings may be closed, depending on the time of year.
Most of the buildings around college green are open all year round.

so i get the real sweethearts but i get a aside aside from that i i'd almost say i've got extremist views on gun controls on personal crime convention uh personal crime prevention
Everyone should exercise their right to carry.

They had landed twice before in the scout-ship.
The scout ship had already landed to make sure the area was safe.

Regional Modeling System for Aerosols and Deposition (REMSAD)
The system can be applied to most regions.

These Commandments form the structure for a number of the world's great religions.
Christianity was based on these Commandments.

As discussed in chapter 1, financial audits contribute to making governments more accountable for the use of public resources and the delivery of services.
This information is summarized in chapter 2. 

No, said Tommy thoughtfully.
Tommy was not fond of this idea.

what about the tax structure
What about the tax structure makes you very angry? 

On February 11, 1997, EPA published a notice of proposed rulemaking in the Federal Register.
The Federal Register takes care of approving or rejecting any proposed rulemakings.

An undignified place to be.
It was undignified to behave that way.

Me for Whittington! said Julius darkly.
Julius was terrifying when he said Mr. Whittington's name.

''Fred was ahead of his time in addressing the needs of the Latino community,'' said District Justice Michele Varricchio of Allentown, a former law partner.
Fred's efforts to address the needs of the Latino community was widely recognised.

yeah they want as much money as they can
yes, they want a lot of money to buy a new house

Climb the steps for a great view down the rue Royale to the place de la Concorde and National Assembly beyond.
The National Assembly is 2 miles past the place de la Concorde.

okay um yeah one year public service for everybody is that that was it right
Everyone loves service given to the public.

um gosh  i can my husband and i both went we kind of give her the third degree
We want to ask her everything about all of the problems.

Their Horatio Alger tone is the joke, but it's not a joke that director Milos Forman seems to be in on.
Their Horatio Alger tone is not impressive at all.

really downward spiral
Things are getting worse.

well i sure need them uh there's no way that i could begin to process and keep up with the kinds of information or the magnitude of information that i need to to try to do my job without them
I don't know how to process all that information that I need for my job, but I will try to write it all down.

An interesting feature is Anne de Bretagne's private oratory, built around 1500 and a masterpiece of Flamboyant Gothic style.
The private oratory was in gothic sytle because it has a lot of metal and stone.

Instead, they'll portray it as a surge of turnout among diehard Clinton supporters.
3 million more Clinton supporers will turn out than expected.

uh most television where you you know you just you can sit there and not even pay attention very much but still understand what was going on
There are only a few television shows where you really need to pay close attention to keep up with the story.

The train was collapsing around them- metal warping and burning.
There was no way to stop the burning of the train. 

Simpson defense team --attorney Barry Scheck and forensic scientist Henry Lee--to help in the JonBenet Ramsey murder case.
Simpson's defense team wasn't sure he was innocent.

Second, it neutralizes the summary judgment frame, since summary judgments are up to the judge, not the jury.
Summary judgments against a corporation are decided by the judge.

Early reviews for this sensitive, intelligent, girl-goes-to-college drama--by far the most hotly anticipated new show of the season (Bruce Newman, the Los Angeles Times )--are mildly approving, but the show doesn't come close to meeting the high expectations created by the pre-season buzz.
The show had such high expectations that it would be impossible to meet them.

well i think we need to do more i i mean i know i need to do more they have programs around where you can reach they uh they come and pick up your newspapers if you have them bundled up
There are services that cost $5 that collect your newspapers.

Agriculture, commerce, and traditional manufacturing were expanded to provide a sound economic base for investment in the modern technology of textiles and other industries.
Investment in modern technology like iphones was critically acclaimed.

These challenges included (1) initially establishing and maintaining trust relationships, (2) developing agreements on the use and protection of shared information, (3) obtaining adequate funding, (4) developing and retaining a membership base, and (5) developing and maintaining an organization staff with appropriate skills.
There are only four important challenges included.

i do i don't know we're either gonna buy a pick up or we're gonna buy a van or we're gonna buy an economy car how do you like that
We would rather buy a truck.

Maybe Daniel hadn't smashed things too badly after all.
Daniel hadn't damaged the package too much.

It can be expensive, certainly more than the cost of an orthodox meal, but do try to devote at least an evening to it.
It is more expensive because the quality is much higher than that of an orthodox meal.

On March 21, for example, I visited SportsZone to learn who won the UCLA-Iowa State round-of-16 game, which had ended too late to make the morning paper.
SportsZone had the score of all round of 16 games.

Our OPM work was conducted at its Retirement and Insurance Service locations in Washington, D.C., and Boyers, PA.
Our OPM work was done at our warehouses in DC and PA.

pretty regularly and read the paper and all but when uh lately like the last week or two i guess with Easter  and spring break with the kids i um i hadn't been thinking much about the Middle East and what's going on over there have you been keeping up
Things have been so busy that I haven't had much time to follow the news. 

In the arts, architecture was often of the work of engineers, and huge sculptures were ordered from Victorian Britain rather than from local artists.
In the visual arts, architecture was for engineers and sculptures were ordered from Britain rather than locals.

how are you going to tell if she's hooked on them you'd have to take her off them you know some people i mean that's they they they go off them and they they're going to die
It's hard to pin down the presence of an addiction in a situation like that.

Buried here are the economist Adam Smith, the poet Robert Ferguson, and Mrs. Agnes McLehose (the Clarinda of Burns's love poems).
This is a place where only important people are buried.

Instead, part of the increased saving may flow abroad in the form of an increase in U.S. net foreign investment.
The US needed to increase their foreign investment. 

The preambles to both final rules respond to the issues raised by the comments and discuss any action taken by the SEC in response.
The preamble was carefully written.

I am an astronomer, after all."
My profession is important for this.

tend to uh uh uh uh tend to do that and then it happens in the in the cities a lot it happens in uh uh i i guess at certain times of the year tempers grow short
Taxes is a season that results in short tempers. 

well that's true it it has to be kind of a discreet transaction
It'd be better if the authorities didn't catch wind of the transaction.

8The AICPA's Generally Accepted Auditing Standards defines a reportable condition as a significant deficiency in the design or operation of internal control that could adversely affect the entity's ability to record, process, summarize, and report financial data consistent with management's assertions in the financial statements.
The AICPA's requirements here have been encouraged by the public who generally prefers transparency with financial data in institutions.

Word had come that he was to be killed.
Two people informed us that he was going to be killed. 

To Clark, the whole sordid mess comes down to  If I didn't have a prostate condition that plumber would never have gotten close to Nicolette.
Before the sordid mess, Nicolette became close to Clark on the basis of their shared dislike for plumbers.

Longabaugh noted one matching effect that persisted throughout the post-treatment period in Project MATCH.
Longabaugh was interested in the after effects of the treatment.

At first, Ieyasu Tokugawa was eager to promote foreign trade.
Ieyasu Tokugawa eventually began to oppose foreign trade.

The extent to which individual federal agencies currently take such measurements and analyze results varies widely.
Some agencies keep notes about these measurements mixed into their regular files.

The French had little interest in the Alps until the mountain-climbing craze was launched by the conquest of Mont Blanc in 1786.
The French got really interested in mountain climbing and it became the most popular past time for outdoorsmen.

The dark made it hard to see more than centimetres ahead, and but for the streaks of starlight we would have been blind.
It was hard to see because it was so dark outside at midnight.

Paella is named after the large, shallow iron pan in which it is cooked and served.
Paella includes rice.

'Yes?' He said pertly.
He tried to be friendly when he responded.

that makes my foot how'd you do that in aerobics
You shouldn't be able to do that, how do you do that.

) Varnish Remover, Robert Shrum's analysis of a TV commercial, has been suspended to allow Bob to concentrate on whatever it is he does exactly as an international political and business consultant.
Robert Shrum despised TV and turned it off to continue his work.

Katha Pollitt announces her resignation from the magazine's masthead, though she will continue to write her column.
Pollitt has written the column for five years.

i don't know i grew up uh in the the sixties and at that time uh it was is a changing time for the whole music scene i guess and i grew up with the Beatles and the Rolling Stones and the whole pot culture during that time and went through that phase and kind of stayed with it i guess for several years after i graduated from college and and thereafter but have since uh i grew up in a small town in in southern Oklahoma i have kind of gone back to uh more of a county uh flavor in music um i'm not quite sure why that is and it seems like almost a opposite but i guess i got away from what i consider to be the pot uh sounding music it didn't have what you know guess what i was looking for at the time country tells more of a a story it kind of reminds me of my roots of growing up and i've i've become i guess more of a country fan over the years
in college i smoked pot and listened to the beatles

Major source preconstruction review and best availability retrofit control technology requirements.
The technology requirements called for a million dollars of computer processors.

A number of craftsmen have studios fronting onto the narrow streets.
The craftsmen in our town offer their services for cheap.

She just kept crying, Luu said. 
Luu wanted her to stop crying.

yeah but there sure are a lot of people that work down there
I think that they enjoy their jobs. 

The atmosphere is friendly, and the rooms are basic but clean.
The place is friendly, basic and clean, said the guest, which was a star.

In an odd way, the more similar products become, the more telling the little differences among them end up being.
Now that products are virtually identical, prices have coalesced across the board.

i mean you know i'll someone might not show up for work and you'll call them and oh they overslept or oh they just didn't feel like going to work and so i lose my job i'll get another one
The jobs not worthwhile if people over sleep and don't care if they get fired.

i uh it just astounded me i mean he must have been so sure of winning that it didn't make any difference
I was surprised that Bush's was so confident in winning.

Chinese Arts and Crafts is at Pacific Place in Central, and in Star House in Tsim Sha Tsui; CRC Department Store is on Hennessy Road in Causeway Bay.
The CRC Department Store sells glass necklaces and bracelets.

For practical reasons, the responses observed in these tests are usually limited to hatchability, gross morphological abnormalities, survival, growth, and reproduction, and the results of the tests are usually expressed in terms of the highest toxicant concentration that has no statistically significant observed effect on these responses, when compared to the controls.
responses observed in these tests tend to be alcoholics.

I still think you might have given me a hint.
I think your intention was to have given me a hint.

The payment approval and authorization portions of the process can involve a multistep process with administrative approvals being first
The payment process can sometimes be hacked. 

An' you an' me's kinda hide-matched there.
We're pretty evenly matched.

The agency representatives said that standardization of ITbased public participation vehicles would require scarce agency resources, and that any resources provided to the agencies to improve their IT systems might be better spent in areas other than public participation in rulemaking (e.g.
The agency was correct in not prioritizing public participation in rulemaking.

how about that true and hear hear the weird voices
Hear the weird voices coming from the basement.

Traditionally, little interaction has occurred between emergency medicine physicians and substance abuse treatment providers.
Emergency medicine physicians don't like substance abuse treatment providers. 

In the trauma center survey mentioned previously, only 27% of respondents believed that brief interventions are at least moderately effective.
The survey found that only 27% of respondents thought the interventions were moderately effective but the hospital decided to continue with them.

Audit committees and auditors together can become good safeguards for investors.
Investors need auditors

Several sources have mentioned that the availability of boilermakers has been tight for the SCR projects underway for the NOX SIP Call.
The assumption is that boilermakers are in short supply.

The two armored men took one of the girls and tied her to the altar.
The two men wrestled with the girl.

kind of scary
The amusement park we went to yesterday was a eerie.

And after that defeat at Glorieta, the retreat to Texas was pure hell with the fires roaring.
Nobody wanted to run all the way to Texas.

read so many in school that they make a requirement of and yet there are so many out there
The requirement is at least 45 books read. 

When the lawyer dropped his eyes the young man had the 162 feeling that the other had read him through and through like an open book.
The lawyer saw through the young man.

For example, contractors who submit the lowest bids do nearly all of the long-haul trucking.
Contractors do trucking 

Subscribers may choose any or all of the following e-mail 
Some subscribers cancel their subscription after a week has passed.

Just to hear him say, 'I believe in what you're doing,' raised our game and made us want to work harder.
He knew just what we needed to hear to do even more work.

So why hasn't stupidity torpedoed him the way it did Dan Quayle?
By what magical prowess does he avoid stupidity?

because i i just don't have that discipline with children that uh you need for them to learn
Because I love watching children play.

McCain said he wanted to clean up government and inspire young people.
Young people wantnto follow the example McCain set 

There were flies crawling on the man's wide-open eyes.
The man's eyes were rotting.

THE KAL IS MAKING A LOT OF NOISE AND THORN CUTS DOWN THOSE WHO GIVE CHASE.
The Kal is loud because he is angry at the animals for destroying his garden. 

you have to talk to all kinds of neat people all over the place
The most interesting people are from Spain.

On the city's east side, Higashiyama boasts temples, theaters, museums, and parks a fine introduction to exploring the imperial city on foot.
Most of the visitors explore the imperial city on foot.

The views from the summit of Arthur's Seat nobody is quite sure which Arthur gave his name to the hill offer wonderful views of the city and across the Firth of Forth to the north.
No one is sure if it was Arther I or Arthur II who named the hill.

The plaques on the walls give the names of the communities that were destroyed.
All the communities mentioned on the plaques were destroyed by natural disasters.

we save the same plastic container and we yeah we take it with us back to the store and bring it home yeah and we take yeah
We often save and bring it to our house.

all the props and whatever to get to where he needs to go
It is expensive to send the props to where he is.  

Those don't work anyway.
Those detergents don't work as stated anyway.

If you stay in the Lake District for more than a few days you're sure to find a favorite.
If you stay long, you'll find a reason you'll want to come back every year.

They concluded it was caused by the driver's loss of control.
They decided the driver's loss of control caused the accident.

Leading organizations also focus on hiring managers who bring a hybrid of business and technical expertise to the organization.
Many managers who possess these desirable tasks have graduated from renowned universities. 

yeah it's it's stopped around here at ten and it goes into night programs at that point which could be one of you know many different night programs but it goes into night programs but uh do you ever watch Cheers
People prefer the night programs to others. 

So long as there's competitive pressure in the press, sources will use the outlet that affords them the greatest protection.
One press source is being prosecuted for leaking delicate information.

I am glad it has all ended so happily. 
I'm elated that it has come to a happy end.

Shops in Central are an exception; they generally close at 6pm and are not open on Sunday.
The shops sell legit products, so you should buy from there. 

Come here."  He caught her and yanked a single hair out of her head.
He caught her as she was trying to run away and yanked a hair roughly out of her head.

yeah your defeating the purpose
Yes, you are ruining it buy doing the opposite

It's quite true.
It has been proven true by many sources.

Regarding collaboration, he mentioned that partnering with specialists in substance abuse gave him a greater understanding of that specialty and increased the quality and credibility of subsequent proposals.
He mentioned that partnering with specialists in substance abuse taught him a lot, which made his interventions more successful.

SSA's organization features centralized management of the programs and a decentralized nationwide network of 10 regional offices overseeing 1,340 field offices, 138 hearings offices, 36 teleservice centers, 7 processing centers, and 1 data operations center.
SSA's 36 teleservice centers are decentralized nationwide networks.

Unlike most strips, his was about adults, albeit adults depicted as children.
His strip was about 30 year olds.

uh the causes of crime  um  i think it was an imbalance of of power in the United States that's causing the lower class class to rebel that's why there's such such high crime in uh there's crime in uh young people because they don't have real role models
I think young people don't have real role models because their parents work too much.

Dejima Pier has been reconnected to the mainland from what was once the Dutch island concession.
Dejima Pier has a history of over three hundred years.

Warm decided to do something about it, to solve this issue just like he always had solved problems of the inorganic computer matter.
Warm would likely solve this problem, as he had done with the others. 

Their quarters opened off the narrow Courtyard of the Black Eunuchs, beyond the gate.
Their quarters were sparsely furnished and decorated.

The foothills of the Pyrenees form a landscape of gentle rolling greenery, with tantalizing views of the snowy peaks behind.
Skiing is a popular pastime in the Pyrenees mountains during winter.

but i think it's like about sixty dollars a week for two children if i'm not mistaken
That's firmly outside of most people's budgets.

yeah it was it should be close enough but i guess they have the antennas pointing it the other way or something
The antennas were recently installed for boost the signal.

but i don't get a lot of magazines i don't get a i don't buy the newspaper but i do have a lot of uh my trash has a lot of tin cans and a lot of cardboard a lot of different papers and cardboards
I'm not good about recycling the tin cans.

The hurt is not enough.I long for weight and strengthTo feel the earth as roughTo all my length.
If I were stronger I wouldn't be so depressed.

Unconventionally gifted kids, who didn't get top grades in high school or who don't have perfect SAT scores, stand a better chance than they do elsewhere of getting in--and of being presented with the highest level of intellectual challenge.
Many colleges admit based on your scores in school.

would the loss of volume to cream skimmers have on the resulting prices the Postal Service would have to charge in order to maintain universal service?
The Postal Service is tentative about the loss of cream skimmers. 

Aren't you my friend too?
We were friends in the past.

Locker, Michael A. Rothenberg of New York Lawyers for the Public Interest became hooked on trying to make a difference, as he put it, while growing up with a learning disabled sibling.
Michael A. Rothenberg's sibling had a form of Down's Syndrome.

Internally, Customs anticipated that as public pressures to reduce the federal deficit continued, no real growth would occur in the agency's funding.
Customs thought the funding might be totally stagnant.

The bomb had less than ten minutes left.
There was no way to stop the bomb from going off. 

and um she had a daughter and i want to say her daughter was like six or seven right around first second grade and um at the time she kept another one other child um about a four four year old i believe but it was only like a part-time basis so we went over there and we questioned her about what she fed them and um what she did with them during the day and um you know just how she treated them how how her daughter was with the children when her daughter got home from school and stuff like that
She had a daughter that went to school every day.

Imagine her feelings when her mother-in-law is suddenly taken ill and dies, and immediately after she hears the word 'Poison'! 
Immediately after hearing the yell of "Poison!", her mother collapsed.

The old building with its splendid Salle de Travail (reading room, 1863) is being transformed into a research library of specialist collections for scholars.
The old building is being changed into a library for the public.

Far more progressive than the Archaics, the Anasazi utilized such formal agricultural techniques as irrigation to assist their harvest.
The Anasazi were the first to develop agricultural techniques such as irrigation.

Spot enforcement, well-publicized with blue flashing lights, is what maintains speed limits on the highway.
The best way to slow people down is to put cops on the rode.

they've uh they've got Derek Harper that's a real good point guard him and Rolando Blackman
Derek Harper is a better point guard than Rolando Blackman.

Purchasing  I ordered the Tush-Cush from the Harmony catalog for $40, plus $6.
I paid for the purchases with Paypal.

Employees in high-performing organizations understand the importance of and the connection between their performance and the organization's
Only people who work for high-performing companies know that there is a connection between their performance and the organization's.

Or did they arrive after an earlier migration or settlement of Indo-Europeans from Central Asia, or early Europeans?
They arrived 100 years after the migration of either the Indo-Europeans or early Europeans.

uh-huh no i wouldn't think so have you guys tackled your ceilings yet
Have you tackled the ceilings; they can be complicated.

they're sure i mean there's no doubt i mean i there can be no shadow of a doubt in my mind there has to be no shadow of a doubt to get that penalty so once they've gotten the penalty and there is no doubt do it
Sometimes people are still put to death even when they're not entirely sure.

The right-hand door leads to the Apartments of the Sultan himself.
The doors on the left lead to his wife's apartments.

be fostered in as you become you know as you gain new social skills as you become you know more of a functioning member of society and maybe the Air Force Academy is appropriate as you said for someone who you know a more you know who needs to learn self-discipline and so forth would be appropriate for them
I would like to send my son to the Air Force academy.

Before he died, he quit drinking and unhappily moved to the suburbs.
He was 70 when he died, he quit drinking when he was 67.

but uh seems like it's just dull and uninspiring here
It's just not inspiring my art being around here. 

It is a hard one to be against.
It is hard to be the one against because the majority do not agree with you, and disregard your opinions. 

Types of water are discussed in Section 5, Facilities and Equipment.
Section 5 discusses possible sources of water contamination.

He also encouraged researchers to continue publishing in journals about their own areas of expertise.
The man loves to read the fruits of their minds. 

yeah well you can 't
Maybe you can do that in the future.

we have lots of uh schools they just only only one in the entire area offers a course in what's called
Most of the schools in our area are high schools.

It's amazing to me how people can slip in and out of frivolous talk (though I know it serves a socially useful purpose) with seeming ease.
People have a hard time discussing emotionally charged situations.

Internationally acclaimed Jamaican and continental cuisine in a casual atmosphere overlooking Port Royal Marina, with views of the Kingston skyline across the bay.
They have won awards for their foods, especially the deserts. 

More money, replied his companion.
His companion needed more money to fuel a gambling trip to Las Vegas, Nevada.

what do you write for stutter duh duh
Is stutter in contact with you?

The cook, more leisurely, was still busy in the kitchen and, if she missed the other, would only suppose her to be turning down the beds.
The cook was busy making dinner in the kitchen.

From the mid-1940s to the mid-1960s, Las Vegas nurtured a growing sense that it was the  Entertainment Capital of the World.  
Las vegas had success due to its cheap strip clubs. 

i took a picture of her  and that was all it all it lasted for
She hates dressing up. 

(Many suspect that the bombings were staged to marshal support for war.)
There were ulterior motives for going to war. 

They may not collect court-awarded attorneys' fees.
They would get in legal troubles if they took the money.

'You're not worried at all?' I asked.
I was worried and thought they should be too.

the man toppled over backward and rolled down the rocky slope.
The man had been knocked off his feet. 

A graduate of a top-tier law school may carry a debt burden of as much as $100,000.
Student debt is hurting top-tier law schools. 

The rest was about to get much worse and much less popular.
The rest were powerless to stop the changes. 

Golden days do not necessarily result from extraordinary events.
Ordinary events often make for golden days.

Market prices per tael (34 grams/1.2 ounces) of gold are set daily.
The price can fluctuate wildly day-to-day.

isn't it amazing
It is so amazing.

It was something of a coincidence that they had the wrong true name.
They mistakenly got the wrong true name, which made the prophecy stronger.

If you must visit only one of the two imperial villas, Katsura is the ultimate must see in a city full of them.
If you have a full day, you can visit both of the imperial villas.

The costs and financing of federal regulations do not flow through the Government, but their effects are similar to direct federal expenditures and revenue.
The direct and indirect costs of the government produce similar overall effects.

Despite all of its success, there are still many families who do not apply for the credit because of a lack of awareness.
The credit allows families to save a lot of money.

The Spanish Chapel (Cappellone degli Spagnoli) is covered by huge 14th-century frescoes by the little known Andrea da Firenze.
Although not famous now, Andrea da Firenze was well-known in his time.

I have no criticism of the former (and use it myself), except to note that many important issues cannot be quantified.
Social liberty issues are hard to quantify.

Eve wears it too, as do many female saints--the wayward Magdalene included--and many princesses.
There are only 50 women wearing it.

Originally the post was simply an inter-city letter service.
The post used to be just for inter-city communications between politicians.

i mean i've always been yeah the first time so what i'll go explain myself and and
I don't know why, but I feel I need to explain that.

Which brings us back to where we  Human nature--or, at least, human nature as it has evolved in our American times.
This brings us back to how human existence has evolved since before and after America. 

yeah i'm kind of thinking that's maybe our generation was uh so in tuned to music of that time that we identify goodness or badness with uh things now with the music that's behinds them
Music is really powerful. 

The Admiralty rather choked me off, but Scotland Yard were very civil said they would make inquiries, even sent a man round this morning to get her photograph.
The Admiralty thought my case was not worth their time.

A pair of inventing brothers is building a Model-T for the air--a $179,400 plane with simplified controls and a giant parachute for safer crash landings.
While a parachute would make crash landings safer, these landings would still likely have a high fatality rate.

But civil issues involving family law, domestic violence, immigration, financial or housing problems can undermine a person's employment and destabilize a family in short order.
Several social services are available to help families facing such issues.

The distribution of profitable routes shown on Figure 4 indicates that the U.S.
The distribution of profitable routes is focused on rural routes.

Since there are more smaller, semirural states than big states, the well-being of individual states would not necessarily be best served by examining what happens in the few larger states.
The smaller states outweigh the larger states by 65%.

And, he said, I'm sure their spouses are delighted to push them out of the house the first Wednesday of every month.
The spouses are delighted to get them out of the house at 12 noon on the first Wednesday of every month. 

yeah but it's a shame that oh it's not so bad for the court system because the money there isn't being spent but there's awful lot of money in time and effort spent in preparing for trial only to then finally get scared enough by going to the court and usually it's the scare kind of of the jury because you really don't know one way or the other how that jury is going to feel you could feel that you really have a very strong case
most people settle out of court because they're intimidated

The model is the same as that used by Cohen, et al.
The model is the same that Cohen uses to find the growth rate.

City Item Residential Park &amp
The residential park is important to the city.

That sort of thing generally entails a coach or an east regional sales manager exhorting you to do something pointless, painful, or profitable to someone else.
The pursuit of profit is paramount for current management of businesses, regardless of who it harms.

Oh, of course ”that goes without saying. We had walked, as we talked, and now we passed through the little gate into the garden. 
We passed through the gate and stopped, thinking we were alone and out of sight.

at times she enjoys it at times not and
She enjoys itm ost of the time.

In one hall, there are a dozen splendid 17th-century tapestries based on original Rubens drawings.
Ruben's drawings inspire all the tapestries in the hall.

and it it it it sits right at the limit
The limit is set pretty low.

The Portuguese Crown, delighted with its first important discovery, immediately embarked on a program of colonization.
The first important discovery of France was Escargot

The Post and LAT report that Rep.
Both the Post and LAT report about the President.

yeah the campsite that we went to was an area that it's right on a big lake and there's a lot of boating out there and we we went up there uh to hopefully be able to get on the water a little bit but it was still uh it was still too cold
I wish we could have went in the lake, but it was too cold. 

The Polonian tribe, which settled the area that today is western Poland around Poznan, provided the foundations for the development of a Polish language and nation.
Although the foundations for the development of a Polish language and nation, the capital of Poland throughout history was Warsaw.

This product was so thick that it refused to come out of its tube, even when squeezed with both hands at once.
It takes a good amount of force to get the product out of the tube, if that is even possible.

Mallorca and Menorca are justly famous for their leather industries.
Mallorca has a lot of leather work because there are lots of cattle ranches.

It also makes a quieter alternative to Strasbourg as a base for touring the vineyards of Alsace.
The vineyards of Alsace are a quiet place.

Never mind, I forgive you.
I was upset, but I am over it now.

Do any of you young fire-eaters ever listen to more than one tenth of what any of your elders say?
Things would be better if young people listed more to their elders.

[F]rom the moment Cecilia Bartoli's vibrant Idamante arrives on stage, the performance takes wing, her luscious, tight vibrato perfectly capturing the adolescent trauma of the young prince, says the Independent 's Mark Pappenheim.
Cecilia Bartoli's Idamante's arrival on stage heralds the only good part of the performance.

That kind of hope is usually disappointed.
Expectations are undesirable as they often do not come true and make you feel lost.

The ruler's palace, Istana Lama, was the official residence of the royal family until 1931, replacing an earlier palace which had burnt down.
The palace was burnt down by ragged subjects.

The smaller islands, French Saint-Martin and Saint-Barth??lemy, are administrative sub-prefectures (sous-pr??fectures) of Guadeloupe.
Although the islands are sub-prefectures of Guadeloupe, they are located far away.

Was he a sheeted ascetic &amp
He contained more than one sheet

For example, delivery of the aft fuselage-the rear aircraft body section-was late for several of the test aircraft and two ground test articles because of late parts and difficulties with the welding process.
The parts needed for the aft fuselage were delayed because of bad weather. 

When agencies lose major accounts, they often fire nearly everyone involved with the account.
Layoffs result from losing any account.

Discount and Duty-Free Goods
Discount, duty-free goods shipped directly to your door

uh-huh somebody blew it
Somebody failed to send the letter out in time.

I'd no idea you knew him.
I didn't know anybody but John knew him.

Suppose the lady brings a libel action against me for defamation of character?
There's a chance the lady will try and take action against me for defaming her.

An' seem' as how they was only one company hereabouts Howard's Rangers they didn't try.
In other places, there are lots of companies.

Initial assessment  For each performance objective in their individual performance plan, senior executives receive an assessment of achieved results, minimally satisfactory, or unsatisfactory.
Initial assessment is very important in evaluating the senior managers' performance in the early stages of their work.

In general, the ACI implementation timeline appears to be driven primarily by the engineering activities (i.e.
Ideally, the ACI implementation timeline would not be affected by engineering activities.

uh just locally or or what i assume that's what they would do
I will have to check on what they would do.

Men pray to the left, women and children to the right.
It's an ancient tradition for men to pray separately from women and children.

In response to our inquiry, Commission staff advised that OMB approved the information collection requirement.
Our inquiry involved a lot of measures, but the approval of the OMB was easily the most important one.

Here they'll have the latest calypso mixed with more familiar pop and soul.
Familiar pop and soul music originates from America and Europe.

yeah we have tried i mean you know and um i i know where you know where a couple of the mills that have i know i know they put things on their stacks you know to filter the smoke and do all kinds of things but i mean every now and then it breaks you know and and you just got smoke going out into the air for a day or two till you can get it fixed and stuff
Every other day the smoke gets out of the mills.

Did you see that?
He did a 360 on his skateboard.

In the spirit of the ongoing pile-on on journalists, I have to argue that journalists are to blame for rock pomposity.
Journalists are an easy target due to the nature of their profession. 

Perhaps, said the Industrialist.
That may be, said the industrial engineer.

oh fishing's fishing is fun up here it's not
Fishing is calm and peaceful here.

The Post wonders if they were watching last month when TCM featured Escape from Alcatraz, I am a Fugitive From a Chain Gang, and The Great Escape.
The Post wanted to make sure the topic was still relevant.

The question then  would a competitive
If there were more or less competition in the application process, would this happen?

yeah i took them up here to Collectors Rector Records and was able to get a little money for them
The money wasn't much but I needed to clear the space in my garage.

However, most of the studies examined by Ito and Thurston only controlled for PM10 or broader measures of particles and did not directly control for PM2.
Some of the studies controlled for PM2.

Backfill Techniques Techniques used in cumulative case studies to collect information needed if the study is to be usable for aggregation; these techniques include, for example, obtaining missing information from the authors on how instances studied were identified and on the bases for instance selection.
Studies conducted across many years might be analysed to find patterns of growth.

RESTATEMENT (OF DIRECT LOANS OR LOAN GUARANTEES) -Refers to establishing a new book value of a direct loan or the liability of a loan guarantee.
They need to do a new book to keep track of the loans.

High scorers on mental tests do bunch up (as Herrnstein and Murray put it) in elite-university student bodies.
Those who score high on mental tests tend to have more adversity in their life. 

In the city of America Little, you respect your janitors.
The position of Janitor is held at high esteem in America Little.

There are also several other combinations that may be used, including combinations of ACI with spray dryer and FF and combinations of ACI with FGD.
The combination of ACI with FGD is the most effective

we'll probably never know how much it actually cost
I doubt we'll ever know how expensive it was to replace those airbags. 

Wanted, the headline screeched.
The headline caught everyone's attention.

Both Seleyman and Sinan (the latter lived to be almost 100) are buried nearby.
Seleyman and Sinan are buried only a mile apart from each other.

Annually, the Federal Government provides funding to state and local governments for the purchase, the construction, or the major renovation of physical property owned by state and local governments; additionally, from time to time, the Federal Government transfers PP&amp;E to these governments in exchange for less than fair value.
All construction on state and local government owned properties is funded solely by the Federal Government.

Serious matters should be reported to top management.
They want to stop any issues from becoming major ones.

The moats and turrets ' though Gothic in style ' are purely decorative, and the staircase is noted for its innovative straight flights and landings rather than the old spiral form that was designed to fend off invaders.
Many deeply appreciate this more accessible structure. 

we got up the next morning and she said i don't know about you but she said i'm going into town and we're going to buy some long johns
She went to town to buy some long johns after i got cold.

oh uh-huh well i've seen the afghans in the in the stores that uh are designed for cross-stitch
The afghans can only be used for cross-stitching.

and i don't need their fill-ins you know
The fill-ins tend to be about things I didn't know.

He comes across up close as the same solid guy Richard Ben Cramer found in his classic, What It Takes , the best campaign book of the decade.
Richard Ben Cramer has written three best-selling classics.

oh that that's a remarkable number i get them rarely and i'm still astounded that that uh one they let anyone do them and two that they have any effectiveness whatsoever  um because i'm usually so insulted by them i just hang up as soon as i recognize what they are
The person speaking dislikes speaking on the telephone. 

Accuracy and usefulness of the breath alcohol analyzer.
The breath alcohol analyzer's accuracy needs to be improved in order for its usefulness to improve.

How far can you do that? asked San'doro.
San'doro was wondering how long you could ride a skateboard on the tip of your toes. 

you know you so uh people people just don't help people anymore they're they're out for themselves
People are not helping others.

To appraise senior executive contributions to organizational results, BLM, FHWA, IRS, and VBA identified core competencies and supporting behaviors for senior executives to follow, while VBA also identified targets for senior executives to meet that are directly linked to organizational results, as shown in table 1.
VBA identified targets for employees to meet

Worst of all, the Science of Magic suffers.
Nothing else suffers.

Their leader, a slender man with dusty gold lace banding his high collar, came directly to Rennie.
The leader stopped in front of Rennie and began to speak to him.

How much? said the man.
Gary wanted to know how much the necklace would cost. 

They were both submitted to the Office of Management and Budget (OMB) for review under section 3507 of the Act.
They both needed to be evaluated at multiple other sections of the Act.

you know i think it might be up to two hundred and fifty thousand it's gotten big
That's a lot to the average Joe, isn't it?

Our ancient prophecy declared that we should find omnipotence carved on stone in a pool of water, as we found your name.
The prophecy said that we would find him.

you you buy a car uh and have it a week and you've lost half of it already
Your car loses value faster than anything.

uh okay so can can you notice well it's it's i live in a rural area
I wish I lived in the suburbs.

As this is Jerusalem, both accounts of the ownership might be true.
Only one is true

The state legislature also followed up on the report by creating the Commission on the Future of Maine's Courts, with a similarly broad composition.
The state legislature followed up on the report after four weeks of waiting.

This sector does not include bill/payment or advertising mail.
The sector grows and wins clients primarily through face-to-face meetings.

On Dave's world, the cardinal rule of logic was that the symbol was not the thing--and work done on symbols had to be translated by hard work into reality.
On Dave's world, symbols were merely representations of reality.

In that respect, participants also discussed the need for auditors to expand their focus on internal control to include controls over performance data in order to better meet the needs of investors for assurances on financial statements and for understanding all business risks.
Investors were happy to see that their concerns about controls over performance data were finally being addressed.

They are foolproof, long-lived, inexpensive, and repellent to animal pests.
They repel gophers.

Mother and child had had expert attention, and Shadow's coat had been groomed to a glossy silk; her black mane and tail were rippling satin ribbons.
Shadow the horse was a year old. 

Where is the face sleekened by cheek bones transplanted from a high-school cheerleader kidnapped off the streets of Wichita, Kan.?
There was a high-school cheerleader kidnapped off the streets of Wichita, Kansas and she was never found again.

They appreciated the town's loyalty to the crown, but the idea never occurred to anyone, let alone the two monarchs, that Madrid might one day become the capital.
The town was loyal to the crown because the rulers had done so much for them.

Raised in housing projects, she took the job after graduating from the University of Alabama School of Law because she wanted to give back to her community.
Her community was extremely happy that she decided to give back to them.

In the past, the most obstinate white opponents of integration (the Goldwater wing of the Republican Party and conservative Southern Democrats ) argued that people should have the right to associate--or not to associate--with whomever they wish.
For many, history has since proven the Goldwater wing and the conservative Southern Democrats wrong.

To oversee this mass conversion, Ashoka turned the Brahmanic concept of dharma (righteousness) into an instrument of public policy, enforced by the Officers of Righteousness he had appointed for this purpose.
Ashoka intended to use this power to control people.

They went completely bananas.
They jumped up and down and went crazy.

yeah that would seem like that would be uh more expensive than a uh nursing nursing home wouldn't it
A nursing home charges twenty percent less than its more expensive counterpart.

Type-3 worksharing is where the mailer's decision, whether or not he turns the mail over to a competitor, is influenced by factors other than the size of the discount and his cost of doing the work.
Type-3 worksharing, the most common, is when the mailer decides something that is influenced by something other than the size of discount or his cost of work.

But Milosevic, in turn, may have underestimated Clinton's agility.
Clinton proved smarter and more agile than Milosevic.

pretty interesting yeah i have to have to agree with you um normally don't have time in the morning to to watch the any type of TV usually catch it going to work on the radio or when i drag the paper in from the front and it pops out of the bag i usually catch the headlines which is normally what you see the night before on the evening news  yeah so uh i've kind of um
I hear a couple news stories each day.

The profusion of these natural phenomena has long made  taking the waters  an integral aspect of Japanese culture and lifestyle.
Japanese culture is solely found on natural phenomena.

uh particularly solicit you know soliciting so having your and i know that a lot of these of course are random phone calls they just you know start going through the phone book or going through a series of numbers
You are collecting statistical data from your random phone calls. 

really i've heard a lot of good things about it but i've also heard that it can it becomes slow
I think I will give it a try this weekend.

How can referrals be effectively accomplished?
Referrals are needed 

no you can't just drop in well i appreciate um the conversation we've had about clothing i know i've it's interesting to hear a man's point of view it's usually my husband
You can't drop in every day.

The greatest perils to your precious data are the programs you've installed on your computer.
If you're worried about losing your financial data then you should back it up offline. 

This is not pro bono legal work; it is low bono, a term the schools coined to define the atypical kind of law career they are training students for.
This work is what the schools are preparing for.

because they figured everybody else is just coming to just to be there
They will still be showing up again soon.

Derry was taken aback.
Derry was aghast at what he saw.

CIO magazine aims to provide actionable insight and decision support for information technology and business executives so that they may use information technology to obtain a competitive advantage.
IT and business executives al read CIO magazine.

To see some of Cluny's impact on the surrounding countryside, visit a few of the villages whose Romanesque churches were built by Cluny's architects and among them, Saint-Vincent-des-Prees, Taiz??, Berz??-la-Ville, and Malay.
Cluny's architectural style revived people's interest in Romanesque buildings.

big long strips so what had happened is that professional painters had not prepared the surface properly and some of that still has to be redone
Painters hadn't prepped it well so the paint is really bumpy and ugly.

IOC President Juan Antonio Samaranch, who was questioned by a congressional committee, said the IOC had solved the corruption problems.
Samaranch was questioned about the Olympics coming to the US.

FHWA requires its senior executives to set critical and noncritical performance objectives that are tailored to their responsibilities within their respective offices and aligned with the FHWA Administrator's performance agreement with the Secretary of Transportation.
FHWA requires executives to set performance objectives that each agency can customize to their goals.

They wouldn't need to breathe, anyhow.
They would be able to survive without air.

The name was changed to honor Queen Charlotte George III's wife who felt a little upset at having been left out of the original plans.
Queen Charlotte approved of the naming honor.  

well who's uh who's who's popular now with the uh contemporary Christian music
Who has won an award for contemporary Christian music?

It is astonishing to me that no one commented on the fact."
It was so weird that no one noticed that. 

Brown and Cole County Circuit Judge Byron Kinder used some of the money to remodel the Cole County Courthouse and to pay additional salaries to courthouse secretaries.
The money used was already allocated for the remodeling of the courthouse.

when do you get out
When do you get out of prison? 

On the PEMD AFDC study, for example, evaluators were assigned as site managers, responsible for understanding across themes all there was to know about the issues for their site.
The evaluators on the study need to submit a report every month detailing issues. 

I cannot support this military action in the Persian Gulf at this time.
Morally, I can't support military deployment in the Persian Gulf, last time they killed more than 1000 innocents.

Or if it is vengeance against whatever you feel we are, you shall know my secret name and the name of everyone here.
My secret name is not well known.

Touting Forbes would hold back the McCain wave.
Forbes has a vast and great influence. 

huh see i got mine in well let's see i put in pepper plants this weekend
I got earth over my kitchen floor in the process of putting in the pepper plants.

Trainers calculate how their Pokemon's talents match against rivals, a fiendishly complicated task that requires mastering and manipulating information about every monster--a 151-variable algebra problem.
Some trainers have Pokemon that are unfairly overpowered.

There are other pop-genetics arguments against cross-ethnic adoption, and against adoption in general.
None of the arguments have any scientific merit, however.

If leave is not approved in advance, it should be reviewed for approval or disapproval as soon as reasonably possible after taken.
A paternity leave that doesn't get advanced approval needs to be reviewed by the board upon the employee's return to work. 

but papering and uh and and putting up uh drywall for the plaster i hate that stuff too you know i just contracted that stuff out and
I contract the papering and drywall out for $10.00 per sq. ft.

The Institut de France, handsome home of the august Acad???­mie Francaise, is on the Quai Conti by the Pont des Arts.
Monet studied art at the Institut de France, where he learned the basis for his impressionist paintings.

Ibusuki, south of Kagoshima, is a hot-spring resort that caters to honeymoon couples hundreds of them at a time.
Ibusuki is the most popular destination in the country for honeymoon couples.

The ring negates all other magic trying to pass it.
The ring negates magic, but it wasn't working.

But he talks about it reluctantly.
He does not like to talk about it because he has bad memories connected to it.

well yeah that's that's when i call some friends or something or sometimes i just take it to a place you know and they'll tell me what's wrong and i'll say oh it'll be this much money and i'll say oh well i'm going to think about that that sounds like too much
I do not think it is as costly as they believe it is.

Then it's off aboard the coach into the reserve's safari park to see these animals, as well as others, roaming freely.
These animals are happy in their natural habitat.

Grotesque animal costumes are worn, bawdy jokes are exchanged, and ritual dances are performed.
Wearing animal costumes is part of the ritual

um that's interesting
That is very engaging; tell me more.

could you try to call this weekend
Can you wait until the weekend to get in touch?

Some others, less orthodox, can be found in Mumbai, but most emigrated to Israel when it was founded in the year 1948.
other actually like Israel better than the original place.

uh-huh oh yeah  that's quite different from up here i guess yes
I think it is better here, that's why it's different.

Either 1) you believe that your neighbor has no right to live well at your grandchildren's expense or 2) you believe that your neighbor has that right, but you'd prefer to prevent him from exercising it.
Your neighbor won the right in a raffle.

and i can understand it from there point of view in on the one hand because they have to you know consider the customers that they're supplying
I can understand their point of view, but I don't agree with it. 

With thousands of festivals and ceremonies taking place annually, this entire book wouldn't provide enough space to describe them all.
This whole book, even with another book added, wouldn't come close to covering the thousands of festivals and ceremonies taking place every year.

I can't help feeling, I continued blunderingly; "that we've rather left her out of the possible suspects, simply on the strength of her having been away from the place. 
Just because she was not present, it does not mean she is innocent.

uh oddly enough no uh because i do different things with it at home i i do mostly play and at work i do mostly work uh it's  you know you you you can put a game on an IBM compatible computer uh but uh
I use my phone to play games on at home and to schedule appointments with when I'm at work.

The state programs are economically modest, as is the only loan forgiveness initiative on the near horizon for New York, the Student Loan Assistance for the Public Interest, a program adopted last summer by New York State Bar Association when the House of Delegates met in Cooperstown.
The state programs have a budget of $1million.

6 million from funding for court-appointed lawyers to the Legal Aid Society.
Attorneys get relatively little money when they work for the Legal Aid Society.

'To get rid of the rest of my men.'
To get the rest of the troops killed off.

right right and does it does it change i guess um you can can you judge like  depending on what you think you'll be doing that day
They were silently judging them in their mind.

Jolanta quickly dialed her husband's number:
Jolanta had to dial her husband's number five times before he responded.

Was she a mental case?
Did most people think she was crazy?

hi Fernando i'm Bill
we've never met before

The cover story reports on new discoveries about human evolution.
The new discoveries shake up long held beliefs.

The infusion of funds effectively saved Alabama's Legal Services programs, which have been scrambling to find funding amid layoffs and benefit cuts.
The new funds are just a temporary solution to an ongoing problem for Alabama's Legal Services programs.

It is merely a way of signaling status, even if we've deluded ourselves into thinking it's not.
It is how to show your financial status, even if it's not really true.

These factors are exacerbated by limited timeframes that may constrain available compliance options and thwart long range planning.
Some of these factors include poor employee training and morale.

A Cambridge don's assessment of recent indictments of psychoanalysis--including its alleged sexism, pseudoscience, and ineffectiveness--is deemed dispassionate (Sarah Boxer, the New York Times Book Review ) by some, wishy-washy by others.
Sarah Boxer is a well-respected book reviewer.

But unlike Roosevelt, Rockefeller never developed the resilience to stay in power.
Rockefeller didn't really want to hold a powerful position. 

Competitors would jump at the chance to meet unmet mailer needs.
The needs not met should be met 

The capital's main zoo, open daily 9am-5:30pm (6pm during summer), is located in the eastern outskirts in the Bois de Vincennes (me Porte Doree).
The capital's main zoo  is on the outskirts in Bois de Vincennes.

But there was no use trying to duck the ordeal, and the Kentuckian had never been one to put off the inevitable with a pallid hope that something would turn up to save him.
The issue was simply too large to avoid.

uh-huh well how do you feel about that
Does that make you feel bad?

And yet you will pay no attention to my instinct against Alfred Inglethorp.
You still refuse to pay attention to my instincts about Alfred Inglethorp's weak alibi.

after four years with the system i've got an extreme almost an extremist view on get into the criminal justice system
I've worked in the system for 48 months.

What lay beneath them? 
Why sleep under the stars? 

Piping for sorbent transport will typically be welded steel and can be erected in the field in many cases.
Sorbent transport piping is expensive and made of welded steel.

I have never met the guy.
There are a lot of people I have met in my life.

Dr. Berlin argues that the laws impose a medical intervention in the absence of evidence that forced treatment is likely ...
Treatment is not forced without evidence.

yeah and just be right there huh
I'm certain you will be right there.

(Her taste, incidentally, has been  No John Grisham or John Gray; lots of interesting, underpublicized novels.
Some of the most interesting novels she likes are part of the horror genre.

He was evading a question about Universal's troubled  Pig in the City . He's under oath.
His avoidance of the question was intentional and is because of the fact that he is under oath.

Plausible chronicling, laced with a dose of mythology, begins with the arrival of Korean scribes at the Japanese court around a.d. 400, at a time when Japan also had a military foothold in southern Korea.
The Korean scribes were welcomed at the Japanese court.

You will hear it everywhere.
You will hear it a lot because everybody is talking about it.

you mean in the in the area of geographic region you're in uh-huh
You mean in the area of the country that you currently work, right?

Each included a tiny red T-shirt, a blue turtleneck, pink long johns, and two pairs of socks--one lime green, one vibrant purple.
It's ridiculous that the clothing was so colorful. 

you know uh oh here's a crisis well let's plug it up
If they keep doing this, everything is going to come tumbling down in a catastrophe.

This abuse of power article charged Nixon with having the Internal Revenue Service audit his enemies, spying on private citizens, setting up the Plumbers unit that broke into the Watergate office building and anti-war activist and Pentagon Papers author Daniel Ellsberg's psychiatrist's office, and otherwise using federal agencies for personal and political advantage.
Johnson also abused power in the same way as Nixon.

she was but i don't think that England deals as heavily with with like for instance the Arab countries i don't know all the details of it but i i know that for instance in Saudi Arabia women are just
I don't think England handles Arab countries unless very specific circumstances.

John McCain thinks that's beneath him.
John McCain is an egocentric and narcissistic person.

The Rugby Sevens sees teams come together from all over the world for 15 matches in March or early April.
15 teams attend the rugby sevens.

uh well now i work for Texas Instruments so so i'm in computers
The company treats me well.

Project Management Center of GSA recently established the GSA Project Management Center of Expertise Expertise.
Different members of the Project Management Center of GSA had been pushing for this to happen.

In Europe in the 1960s, the Greek islands became renowned for their laid-back attitude toward visitors.
The Greek Islands a relaxing place because of the weather and slow pace.

It is important to note that the Current Air Quality Rule Retrofit MWe row of the table includes only the projected retrofits under the current air quality rules.
New air quality rules may vastly affect the number of projected retrofits.

It's not just the total amount of compensation but the form and structure of executive compensation arrangements that is important as well.
The structure of the compensation is the most important part.

One port of call for both Gondola and the other local boat service, Coniston Launch, is Brantwood on the eastern shoreline.
Brantwood is the only port where Gondola and Coniston Launch can dock.

The chief villain, bombastically named Darth Maul, is a horned, red, Kabuki-style snake demon with orange pingpong-ball eyes who challenges the Jedi to a couple of clackety light-saber battles.
The Jedi overcome Darth Maul.

He emphasized that the sequence of the recommendations did not imply a priority order.
Priority order is only implied in the font size used to type each recommendation.

um so that's limiting i tend to use it to log into the the mainframe at work
It has no other function other than connecting to the mainframe.

Be quick before I change my mind and think of something worse!"  Dave didn't see what he did this time, but there was a puff of flame in front of his eyes.
He was a wizard with power over all flames. 

such a deal i'll bet you did
You are a good haggler.

Obviously, he could not follow both of them unless  Like Boris, he glanced up at the clock, and then to the announcement board of the trains.
He couldn't follow both of them because he was only one person.

A final factor affecting the environment is the agency's relationship with the Congress and central oversight agencies such as OMB.
There are a lot of minor contributors affecting the environment.

As a young man approaching 40, I am confused about how I am supposed to react to women's fashions.
I am worried that complimenting a woman for her fashion sense will make me appear sexist.

 "So we are all at fault," Sather Karf said finally.
"So we are all to blame," Sather Karf said finally.

They last for about six weeks.
They only last for around six weeks before they start to rot.

I shall sit up all night." A flash of relief showed before the lids descended once more.
He fell asleep for the night.

Some crystal ball.
Some crystal ball you have there.

Further, farmworkers may not know how to contact legal services in their community or may be discouraged by their employer from contacting legal services in their community.
Farmworkers may not contact legal services because their bosses may threatened them.

Kom Ombo is an unusual temple in that it is dedicated to two gods.
Kom Ombo is the only temple to have ever been dedicated to more than one god. 

Fortunately, commerce has trumped personality.
He does not have a great personality, but he's a good businessman.

yeah well don't let it collect dust you least exercise while dusting it off
You could turn any chore into an exercise if you try.

In other words, that the estimated demand of under 20,000 full-time workers represents only about 0.3 percent of the current total labor pool.
The total labor pool is regarding construction workers.

One of the city's more bizarre monuments is the Mole Antonelliana, with its swordfish-like 167-m- (547-ft-) high granite spire, named after its engineer designer Alessandro Antonelli.
It's uniquely shaped spire is what make the Mole Antonelliana different from other monuments in the city.

The central porch is still intact, depicting Jesus's entry into Jerusalem, the Crucifixion, and other scenes from the Bible.
The central porch depicts the story of the Doubting Thomas. 

'You know, it'd be easier to experience it for yourself than to read about it on a screen,' she said, pointedly.
She said it would be easier to visit the site than see a photo of it.

These are agreements made with other service providers, such as domestic violence shelters, to refer eligible clients to our grantees.
The agreements refer eligible clients to our grantees.

Notoriety of the right kind is the best way of disarming suspicion.
Getting rid of any suspicion using your reputation is the key to a successful subterfuge.

Much of your Costa Blanca holiday will be spent on the beaches and there are hundreds of them.
Your vacation can be spent on any of a number of Costa Blanca's beaching where you will find cabanas and umbrellas to lie under.

In New England, nine of his assistant coaches were former Giants assistants; at the Jets, he has enlisted former Giants players to coach his running backs, kickers, and tight ends.
Many of his assistant coaches from New England followed him to the Jets.

i find it very interesting that some television shows that i enjoy i particularly like the music i don't know which is chicken and egg in that situation uh a good example would be uh i have connections but but not particularly deep ones to the Vietnamese war type situations uh and i found that i really like China Beach and i particularly like Tour of Duty and both of them i had as much fascination of the background music i think going on as i did to the theme of the shows
I didn't really care for the content of Tour of Duty and China Beach but I did enjoy the background music. 

On the sex front, nonpresidential illicit encounters are all the tabs can muster this month.
The president received fellatio from an intern in the Oval Office but no one heard about it.

but i don't think they
I don't think they will do it

if i had to do automotive repair or or anything i love to do woodwork and too and it's a diversion because i know i'd really don't have to this okay so i think i like that because i know i don't have to do this but if if i were forced to do it that may be a different situation
I can choose to work on cars, or make something out of wood. If I was forced to do it, I wouldn't like it so much. 

Disease took a further toll.
Disease nearly wiped out the population.

Heart racing, heart racing, heart racing... It seemed to take an age for the security men to come back.
My heart was racing while I waited for security to return to the interrogation room. 

These tools are (1) a quality concept that uses statistical process control to bring critical manufacturing processes under control so they are repeatable, sustainable, and consistently producing parts within the quality tolerances and standards of the product and (2) product tests in operational conditions that ensure the system would meet reliability goals-the ability to work without failure or need of maintenance for predictable intervals.
The tools will improve product quality.

He did so with the help of a foreign navy vessel.
The navy vessel was filled with generous people. 

He's testing you.
He wants to make sure you aren't all bark and no bite, he's just testing you to make sure everything's in order.

65 billion from the Section 8 housing program's fiscal year 1998
The Section 8 housing program had a budget that had increased each year.

yeah yeah yeah but uh that was also a dry hot it wasn't a it wasn't a humidity hot and uh i enjoyed it
It was in United States that was dry hot.

well just today in the mail i got uh i got got my guaranteed acceptance by uh American Express
It feels satisfying to have this guaranteed acceptance. 

The sooner I left her house the better. 
I didn't like her house

Although not open to the public, its towers and beautifully carved stone walls can be seen from various vantage points in the city.
The towers are off limits for security reasons.

The afterglow of Venice's once-powerful empire is undimmed.
Venice is still prosperous.

I told him it was lunch time.
I told him it was lunch time, but he wasn't hungry.

an extended voluntary negotiation period) obtain a certification confirming their public safety status from the department head responsible for system oversight.
They got a certification that confirmed their public safety status with the fire department.

it's really a shame
It's certainly a shame that that was the result.

this and the other thing is we can feed them today but they'll be hungry tomorrow what'll we do with them tomorrow do we feed them again tomorrow well how long how long can we continue to feed the world we can't do it are they starving to death yes and that's very sad
There isn't enough food in the world to keep everyone fed.

well i the biggest uh way it's going right now uh lot most of the grocery stores
The grocery stores are bigger.

I was asking Daniel- we were alone in his bar.
Daniel and I were sitting at a table talking.

If These differences are material, the standards constituting Federal GAAP should be applied for purposes of including the components in entity-wide statements.
The differences are material.

Not only did it promote freedom more than any statesman or soldier did by creating CNN, faxes, and e-mail, but furthermore, Einstein's theory of relativity paved the way for a new relativism in morality, arts and politics, influencing James Joyce, Pablo Picasso, Igor Stravinsky, and others.
This theory is thought of as literally the most important discovery of all time.

I got something that can get us into the circus.
I know the hiring manager there.

Magnificent sunsets.
The sky at dusk is brilliantly hued with oranges and purples.

For foreign tourists, the most interesting thing about this area will probably be witnessing the fascination these residences hold over Japanese visitors.
Some residents of the region will allow foreign tourists into their homes to discover how they live.

like a hologram with just graphics on a on a okay
The scanner is a lot like a hologram.

Leonard J. Koczur, Acting Inspector General David C. Maddox, Director of Financial and Information Resource Management Laurie Tarantowicz, Assistant Inspector General for Legal Review
Maddox has been the Acting Inspector of the organization for ten years.

Sheltered from the cold, damp, northwest winds by the Vosges mountains, the vineyards of Alsace enjoy an ideal microclimate for producing white wines that confidently hold their own against the more famous wines of Burgundy and Bordeaux.
The wines made there are delicious and have a unique taste. 

I must have liberty to go about the business in my own way. The German laughed.
You can not keep me from going about my business.

 The words Sather Karf had been intoning came to a sudden stop, even before they could be drowned in the shouts of shock and panic from the others.
The words stopped abruptly as Sather Karf stared at the sky in terror.

One of the few remaining ways to obtain a coveted downward departure--a sentence below the official range--is through cooperation with the government . In Lewinsky's case, lawyer Ginsburg, rather than turning state's evidence after indictment, is asking for immunity--a guarantee that his client will never face charges at all.
Ginsburg is looking for a sentence below the official range.

um yeah right in the in the lukewarm milk sometimes i put the cornstarch in a separate bowl and i would put it in the sink and i'll take my lukewarm milk and put it in the cornstarch and beat it good it seems to be better than putting the the cornstarch into the liquid it once it hits the top of the liquid it seems to make little balls and stuff on the top
It's better to warm the milk separately before adding it to the cornstarch. 

the balance by the time they got their interest out of it and it took forever to pay it off and at that point i promised myself i would never pay interest on a credit card again so that's kind of been my motto
The interest rate on the balance was over twenty percent.  

In addition to the transfers shown above in the Community and Regional Development category, the fair value of land and facilities associated with former military installations that were transferred to local governments approximated $40 million in 199Y and $52 million in 199Z.
The fair value of land transferred to local governments in 199X was also over $35 million.

Where am I, anyhow, Nema?  The girl dumped an armload of clothing on his bed and looked at him with controlled exasperation.
She was very surprised at his question. 

 "Suppose I said yes if the fees were some of the foals of my own choosing, suh?"Drew asked.
Drew asked if he was the one who caused it to happen because he wasn't sure.

I am a nonsmoker and allergic to cigarette smoke.
I do not smoke because it is isn't financially viable as well as my allergy to the smoke.

Listening to Bradley's equivocal remarks on school vouchers, and looking at the sliding scale of subsidies and tax breaks he proposes for health insurance, you get the feeling he's rather sympathetic toward solutions that take account of market dynamics.
You get the feeling that Bradley was speaking to a room full of business executives.

yeah well you know they they that's what they said about The Exorcist you know no no it's terrible you'll have nightmares you know i watched last weekend me and my roommate we we laughed about it
They said The Exorcist was scary but I thought it was a lot better than Jaws.

HHS is requesting that OMB provide a 30day comment period with OMB approval by June 1, 1997, for a 180-day period.
Comment periods are sometimes used by advocacy groups to stage protests.

Between 1989 and 1993, 48,000 students received Pell Grant overpayments; 35,000 received Pell Grants from two separate schools simultaneously; and 101,000 students, ineligible for Pell Grants because they had defaulted on federally guaranteed loans, received them anyway.
When 35,000 students received Pell Grants from two different schools they were allowed to keep the money.

How could you think of anything after falling out of that tree? cried Tuppence.
You were lucky to even survive that fall, said Tuppence.

The best case of the agency is best (everyone behaves and is happy), but the worst case of the agency is worst overall (all the children go into hysterics at once).
The best case of the agency is when everyone is behaved and is happy because they are able to be more productive then.

The blade cut again and blood spattered from a gaping wound in the man's arm.
The scarification ritual was almost complete.

I'll come at once. I sprang out of bed; and, pulling on a dressing-gown, followed Lawrence along the passage and the gallery to the right wing of the house. 
The passage I followed Lawrence along was narrow.

In short, the FY 1984 change appears to have been the result of the proposal to expand LSC representation to aliens who were merely present as opposed to lawful residents.
The change help the representation for the aliens.

Second to the mountains are the cities, temples, and shrines of the Kathmandu Valley.
The mountains are very tall.

Pubs are Ireland's living rooms they provide not only drink and food, but atmosphere, entertainment, and craic friendly, lively, amusing talk.
There are more pubs in Ireland than any other kind of café.

He came through the torrent, alone, with nothing but a skin of blood and this sword.
He escaped because the sword saved him.

yeah i've i've noticed that they haven't had anything great
The only things they have are marginal.

Carol Gilligan, holder of the gender-studies chair at Harvard, is the subject of an interview.
Carol Gilligan is being interviewed and will be on TV.

Tommy did likewise, and a few moments later was following the two men down the stairs.
Tommy follow the other two then they parted ways.

By the eve of World War II, the population was more than one and a half million.
The population had grown to 1.5 million by 1953.

'Strange?'
Quite out of the ordinary, but nothing too suspicious, is it?

Part of India's legacy after several centuries of bureaucracy (don't just blame the British civil service it began long before) is an inordinate respect for the written document and the rubber stamp.
The British civil service was instrumental in refining Indian bureaucratic procedures.

North of Denderah is Abydos, 150 km (93 miles) from Luxor, and erected for the worship of Osiris, God of the Underworld.
Abydos is a two hour drive from Luxor.

The model, which was developed for EPA by ICF Resources, Inc., selects investment strategies given the cost and performance characteristics of available options, forecasts of customer demand for electricity, and reliability criteria.
The model considers multiple factors including consumption of all utilities.

it's not a treat
It is unpleasant.

There are displays, exhibitions, and a massive multi-screen cinema experience, complimented by speciality shops, restaurants, cafe, and an indoor play center.
The cinema shows movies 24 hours a day.

you know just something about the place makes it not not quite enjoyable
The atmosphere makes it hard to enjoy.

oh gosh that's hard to say  it's um used to be a big Twin Peaks fan but they've made me mad so i haven't watched them in a while in a while
I really like films by David Lynch as well.

It's the cutest darn thing you've ever seen.
The kitty cats are the cutest thing you've ever seen.

uh i think that's about where it is
I have a lot of good memories from that place.

The opposite end of the passage leads into the Bal??k Pazar?? (Fish Market), a block of narrow streets lined with stalls selling fish, fruit and vegetables, and a local speciality snack fried mussels on a stick (midye tava).
The midye tava is more popular amongst tourists these days.

But veal is delicious.
Veal is very good to everyone I know.

okay um have you ever been involved in any trials
So have you recently sat on a jury or been part of a court case yourself?

Perhaps this is because attorneys, spurred on by campaigns such as the annual one called, And Justice for All, have been unusually generous in recent years, donating money for this purpose.
Attorneys have given a lot of money to the Legal Aid department.

He believed studies from England and New Zealand should be viewed very critically because access to health care is easier than in the United States.
Healthcare, though not as good, is easier to access in England and New Zealand.

My name is Annette, monsieur. She spoke in a soft, broken English.
She was happy to meet him.

But the funding is uncertain, and Congress failed to reauthorize $65 million in supplemental TANF moneys.
The funding came from a special grant.

Time , which runs an inside feature, thinks the show has slacked off lately and is running out of ideas.
Time thinks the show has run its course and should be cancelled immediately.

The timing of revenue recognition depends on how the property is forfeited and the nature of the property.
Forfeited property is claimed by the agency.

"From Eastern ... Texas" That much was true.
They came from AUstin.

yeah and in some incidences i think they ought to ought not to have a jury um
In cases that have been reported on widely, I don't think there should be a jury.

I wish that chap Peel Edgerton had been with us, said Tommy thoughtfully.
Peel Edgerton was already dead and Tommy missed him. 

In other words, we want to invite all those who would normally be excluded.
We want to invite the homeless people of New York to have dinner with us. 

One of the first projects jointly pursued by the LA Basin programs will address the diverse languages spoken by Asian client population.
There are over a dozen formal languages that the LA Basin program has to work with.

That is not surprising.
That is unsurprising because I already knew about it.

AH! Annette appeared to stumble over something.
The viewer expected Annette to stumble.

 There's plenty of meat on the menu as  local pork and lamb, fowl, and game.
You can pick up to two types of meat for your main dish.

um anyway i finally pulled myself out and i mean just as soon as i got out my clothes started freezing
I wish I would have just stayed inside where it was warm.

What happened next is mere guess work on my part, but I should say that Mrs. Inglethorp picked up the broken cup and placed it on the table by the bed. 
I have a strong suspicion that the broken cup was placed onto the table by Mrs.Inglethorp. 

yeah well you know even in our prison systems they're finding that they're they're having drugs smuggled into them
Even after the prisons have beefed up security, they are still finding drugs and other contraband. 

There were a number of claimants to the throne, among them John Balliol, Lord of Galloway, and Robert de Brus, Lord of Annandale.
Out of the people who applied to take the throne, only one was qualified.

But the criticism of Java on performance grounds, as if the performance problems were inherent in the security model, is not fair and is not accurate.
It is not fair to criticize Java on performance grounds, according to every expert who has a knowledge of these topics.

Jaye and her husband, Erik, own Tomax Technologies and were the sellers of the building.
Jaye and Erik sold the building to the government.

well we uh my husband always usually always pays with cash but i never seem to have cash
Cash is inconvenient to pay with. 

okay but how much is yours when we bought ours we were paying two uh three hundred and twenty nine dollars
We want to know if we overpaid.

Diary Survey-Each selected household is requested to keep two one-week diaries of all expenditures over consecutive weeks.
Each household needs to keep diaries that show their expenditures.

okay well talk talk to you later then bye
I'll talk to you tomorrow, bye.

Then came Lee Harvey Oswald, Squeaky Fromme, and John Hinckley.
They are listed in chronological order.

and something else that i would and something else that i would like to see is is uh victim reimbursement you know because they you know like you say these guys are in jail and they're working they're getting paid but the guy that they messed over to get there or they stole something from or beat to death or has nothing you know our our victims are victimized period and the law has no
Prisoners were convicted of grand larceny.

On April 18, 1996, APHIS published its Initial Regulatory Flexibility Analysis in the preamble to the proposed rule (61 Fed.
This was the first of many of the series Initial Regulatory Flexibility Analysis.

yeah it's one of those pop-ups i'm sure you could put one in probably but we hadn't did that
Pop-ups prevent you from putting it in.

We may think, therefore, of the 39.
We may not think.

Poison dust filling their chests, stealing life with every breath.
The poison dust filling their lungs was cyanide dust.

This approach is vastly more effective, and cheaper - two-thirds cheaper - than the traditional command-and-control approach.
The traditional approach has been around for decades.

One commenter expressed concern that the Commission would extend the requirement for an open access same-time information system (OASIS) to nonpublic, not-for-profit cooperative utilities and stated that the Commission would then be required to analyze the requirement's effect on those utilities.
The Commission is considering extending the requirements to other utilities.

I feel like I'm rambling here, and with more than 800 words written, I haven't even gotten round to responding to your points about the responsibility of the black intellectual.
I agree with some of your points about the responsibility of the black intellectual.

But it is certain to grow as a share of the total.
It's certain that it will become more than half the total.

and it's kind of almost expected of you anyway people kind of look down on on a you know the role of a woman as a housewife it's kind of like oh well you know she didn't go to college and she's just a housewife and that's all she does right
People are really mean to women who choose to stay home instead of going to work.

uh what's that about
I'm interested in that.

Down in the basement is the really interesting an array of seismographs busily recording the movement of the vast tectonic plates deep below.
The basement contains an array of 12 seismographs.

The Irish News of Belfast called for an improbable compromise by which the Catholic residents of Drumcree's Garvaghy Road would lift their objections to the parade going down it, while the Orange Order would voluntarily decide to return home by another route.
90% of the  people on Garvaghy Road were Catholic.

In fact, modern Hirosema is a city of broad avenues, green parks, and almost a million citizens, which is more than double its World War II population.
Hirosema was an attractive location because of its natural resources.

Alternatively, they might not save more or work longer, and they would experience a lower standard of living in retirement.
For them to experience lower standards of living than they otherwise could is immoral. 

In view of the importance of DOD's investment in weapon systems, we have undertaken an extensive body of work that examines DOD's acquisition issues from a different, more cross-cutting perspective-one that draws lessons learned from the best commercial product development efforts to see if they apply to weapon system acquisitions.
Some of these weapon systems include giant cardboard swords.

you know the murderers the the drug dealers the user put them all in jail you know and let all the normal people go
The drug dealers should be put in jail because they're often nice people.

and on my kind of salary you just it's kind of hard to come up with money to make a house payment
It's hard to get $50,000 for a down payment.

Life bustled around the men as they walked.
The men were walking through a marketplace. 

And Johnny Shannon is Rennie's.
Johnny Shannon is Rennie's father.

Total organochlorine pesticides plus PCBs should be less than 50 ng/L (APHA, 1992).
Failure to keep levels below 50 ng/L will result in heavy penalties.

While the best shows (at the Tropicana clubs in both Havana and Santiago de Cuba) are rather expensive by Cuban standards, seeing at least one big song-and-dance production in the flesh (so to speak) is de riguer.
The best shows are rather expensive by Cuban standards but they are still packed with people every night.

me too yeah that's interesting
I never knew that before.

Then after everyone's gone, stay on to see the marvelous 13th-century sculpted Angel's Pillar (Pilier des Anges) in peace.
It's very difficult to get a good view of the Pilier des Anges.

No, that would be too much to hope for, you are not a fool.
You would never agree to something like that.

Sharpe and approximately 1000 other slaves surrendered peacefully, only to be rounded up and publicly executed.
The rest of the slaves continued to resist, but eventually failed.

And they didn't, of course.
They didn't eat, of course.

If you'll only marry me, I won't worry you any you shall take your own time.
I don't want to cause you any inconvenience.

oh so they did do a good job
They usually do a really bad job but this time it was good. 

Momir Talic, the highest-ranking Serbian official to be arrested so far, was seized in Vienna.
Momir Talic was evading authorities when he was seized in Vienna. 

i see do you have a garden we do the same thing it's i just have a small plot it's like ten feet by five feet
I have a ten by five foot garden, I love it.

As Macau developed into the greatest port in the East, it also became a base for Jesuit missionaries; it was later a haven for persecuted Japanese Christians.
Japanese Christians enjoyed Macau as a safe haven for years.

yeah we do too it too many other things to do and too much going on
It feels overwhelming finding time to do certain things.

In the postwar period there continued to be constitutional changes, including self-government for Jamaica in 1959.
There were many constitutional changes during the postwar period in Jamaica.

Participants expressed concern that disincentives such as legal liabilities, including financial and reputation risks, may limit a board's ability to attract the right people to serve over time.
More than half of the participants expressed concern.

GAO's modified protocols for investigations are described in detail in the Office of Special Investigations section of this document.
This document covers only the modified GAO protocols for investigations.

If those subway ads are more effective against the cautious Martins than against the reckless Maxwells, then they are a threat to the hapless Joans.
Previous ads have been more effective against the Maxwells than against the Martins.

In short, this should not lead us to revisit the idea of a gift tax.
We should not have a gift tax. 

Its gray-tiled roofs cascade down an amphitheater-shaped hill toward the tiny port.
It is a beautiful sight that has to be experienced first hand.

The Washington Post 's media critic milks the Monica moment, rushing his insider account of White House spinmeisters to press months ahead of schedule.
It was pressed months ahead of schedule in order to insure its maximum potentential.

oh forty five fifty miles away
it is 45 - 50 miles away

Boston Celtics right
Boston, correct?

Analysts called it another blow to Reno's credibility and another reason to appoint an independent counsel.
An independent counsel will act as a replacement.

In Michael Kinsley's Ethics Upside Down, he notes that there are two possible reasons why conflict of interest is a bad thing for 
All conflicts of interest are considered a bad thing by Michael Kinsley.

The Robert W. Carey Quality Award is VA's most prestigious award for quality achievement.
Robert W. Cary was known for being very high quality in the field of excellence.

Clinical  the transition from research into practice.
There is a difficult transition from research to practice.

This disappearing art form still going strong in Madeira is an amalgam of styles and techniques gathered over more than 150 years.
Madeiran styles have contributed to the revival of the art form.

Tuppence did not even glance at him as she passed meekly out.
Tuppence was too absorbed in her to look at him.

is really kind of bad and
It's really kind of bad how you're treating him.

Derry's head snapped up.
Derry was paying attention.

Monumental Mistake
Terrible slip-up

but yeah and swimming is a is a part that i i'd like to get into as far as my you know just aerobic activity
I want to start swimming everyday so that I can do more aerobic exercising.

well that wouldn't even be a very far drive
Texas wouldn't be a very long drive at all.

They came up with the interns themselves and set up guidelines for the internship.
Each internship was expected to last about three months.

They--hey, what's that?"  He was looking up, and Hanson followed his gaze.
He looked up at the sky to get a better look.

The mountain with the lion's head looked up helplessly as the iron-jawed pit fighter hung over him with his club poised to crash down.
The pit fighter intended to destroy the mountain with the lion's head. 

I understand now ” ”"
I now have an undertanding.

But while creativity may exist, it doesn't necessarily exist over and over again.
Creativity could be ended due to economic devastation.

Grass became rock and rock became sand.
It takes a very long time for grass to become sand.

Most of the horses you'll encounter are at least part Lusitano, a famous and sure-footed Portuguese breed.
The horses you'll encounter also have other breeds in them. 

ridiculously high
It could not be any higher.

His self-control was astonishing. 
His self-control is unparalleled.

When professionals with the necessary skills cannot be hired, these organizations supplement the existing workforce with external information resources.
Reasons for not hiring individuals with the necessary skills generally come down to problems with salary.

The examination consisted of several steps, primarily focusing on comparing information on three critical documents-the obligation or ordering document, the receiving and inspection document (normally called a receiving report), and the invoice.
The invoice is one of the most important steps.

3 billion pieces of nonadvertising mail
Nonadvertising mail is in the number of 3 billion, said the report.

As advertising budgets become more fragmented, it's easy to imagine a situation in which ad agencies serve primarily to orchestrate production teams, bringing in art directors and copywriters for specific ad campaigns rather than keeping a whole staff on hand.
With more fragmented ad budgets a situation has arisen where ad agencies delegate different teams. 

But the doctor shook his head.
The doctor was in disbelief. 

The Supplementary Information published in the Federal Register includes the full text of the Commission's Final Regulatory Flexibility Analysis.
The Commission's Final Regulatory Flexibility Analysis is about fifty pages long.

The inner courtyard, the Nasal Chowk, is one of the few that can be visited.
Only four of the forty local courtyards can be visited.

Without access to foreign markets, there was no way to counter the rash of catastrophes plague, drought, floods, and famine at the end of the 18th century.
The government responded to the disasters of the late 18th century by opening access to foreign markets.

It is not our culture.
Most people believe that it is not our culture. 

Nor did the Times show that any regular workers were laid off or fired to make way for cheaper workfarers.
People were outraged that the Times didn't report on workers being fired. 

Noting the team's decision to arrange its own tour of promotional matches, contrary to plans made by the U.S.
The team was unhappy with the plans that had been drawn up by the US.

There is a certain notoriety given to these cases.
It's not a good thing that these cases have a notoriety about them.

According to legend, the trees which once grew here were planted by Lot after he fled Sodom, and one of them was later used to fashion Jesus's crose
It is true that one of the trees was used to fashion Jesus's cross.

'  During her funeral, the Star says, he lunged from his front pew--and tearfully wrapped his arms around the flower-strewn casket of his wife.
His wife was killed in a car accident. 

It referred to the mysterious man found dead in New York.
The strange male found tied up and deceased in Brooklyn, New York is what it specified. 

Additional circumstances associated with public safety and security concerns could also justify the exclusion of certain information in the report.
Public safety is an excuse for withholding crucial information from the released report.

After all, her husband and two sons had roads named after George Street and Princes Street.
George street was named after her husband.

They're mandrakes, conjured into existence, but without souls.
Mandrakes are not born, just put into existence. 

These unsung, yet worthy, vintages very often cost hardly any more than bottled mineral water.
These antiques are worth more than what they cost.

She suggested that the influence of setting be made explicit somewhere in the recommendations.
The recommendations contain implicit information regarding the influence of setting.

Following dechlorination, total residual chlorine should not exceed 0.01 mg/L.
If more than 0.01 mg/L of residual chlorine exists after dechlorination, it becomes highly flammable.

However, fast pay procedures typically entail payment authorization without evidence of receipt and acceptance, provided that subsequent to payment authorization, receipt and acceptance is verified.
Receipt and acceptance verification is the key that holds all of this together.

Say that you're from the Podunk Banner and that you want to talk to her about some new policy.
Pretend you want to talk to her about her new policy she is introducing on Tuesday.

An Initial Regulatory Flexibility Analysis and a Final Regulatory Flexibility Analysis were prepared for both rules and were summarized in the preambles to the proposed and final rules, respectively.
The flexibility analysis were broadly accepted as accurate.

uh-huh yeah she was going into heat again and uh she uh she hasn't been eating and just yeah you can't take you can't put up with that moaning very long oh it's awful you know
My cat will not eat when she is in heat and makes a horrible moaning sound.  She is going to get fixed next month.

With respect to criteria that the Congress should consider for constructing the department itself, the following questions about the overall purpose and structure of the organization should be 
One of the following questions is, "What is the power of Congress in relation to the Executive Branch?"

what what with ink oh okay
You did it with ink only.

Figure 3. NOx Emissions (million tons) Figure 4. Mercury Emissions (tons)
There are more NOx emissions than mercury emissions.

really i know the female version of John Lennon's but
I know John Lennon has a daughter.

and uh according to Virginia it didn't cost all that much
Virginia got her carry permit, she said it did not cost all the much.

To determine the best practices for ensuring product design and manufacturing maturity from the commercial sector, we conducted general literature searches.
General literature searches were the most helpful in determining best practices. 

and we keep it on the Chesapeake Bay and uh starting next weekend i'm gonna have to go down and uh fill out for the summer season
We always look forward to the summers at the Chesapeake Bay.

HCFA considers all hospitals to be small entities for purposes of the Regulatory Flexibility Act.
There is no maximum workforce size for hospitals to be deemed small entities.

Just south of the cafe-ringed Piazza della Repubblica is the covered Mercato Nuovo, a 16th-century loggia once called the Straw Market because of the straw products for which Florence was known.
The most famous straw products sold in the Mercato Nuovo were chairs.

64) have angered fans to the point of revolt.
Fans are getting angry and boycotting the team.

I spent 10 years in commercial aviation with two U.S. flag carriers and offer the following comments based on that experience.
The person has a very negative outlook on commercial aviation after being part of the industry for 10 years.

The husband-and-wife team of Alfred W. and Ruth G. Blumrosen then looked at how many women or minority workers a company employed in different job categories compared with how many were employed at other companies in the same industry in the same geographic area.
The husband-and-wife team chose to look at the companies General Motors and Kraft Foods.

MODIFICATION -A federal government action, including new legislation or administrative action, that directly or indirectly alters the estimated subsidy cost and the present value of outstanding direct loans (or direct loan obligations), or the liability of loan guarantees (or loan guarantee commitments).
A modification is a government action that changes the subsidy cost and can only be done through legislature.

uh because it's something that you know we don't talk about in this country probably enough
Here in America, we simply don't discuss the issue near enough.

Sad organ music is suddenly replaced by an upbeat, jazzy  The owner opens the drawer and takes the package.
The music turned happy because the owner was happy to get the package

Jon left the Kal with the Wither while he, Vrenna, and San'doro went to Ca'daan and Gauve.
The wither battled the Kal as Jon and the others sought after Ca'daan and Gauve.

sometimes it does uh sometimes it'll get in the eighties uh as early as uh January February
You are in the south.

We have confirmed that copies of both the Initial and the Final Regulatory Flexibility Analyses were provided to the Chief Counsel for Advocacy at the Small Business Administration as required by section 605.
The Chief Counsel requires a number of things.

Set in grassland and rolling countryside is a deer park, a bird-of-prey attraction, a circus, and a theme park.
The deer at the deer park are scared of humans.

In stark contrast to Raphael's grand manner, seek out the gentle beauty of Fra Angelico's frescoes in the Chapel of Nicholas V (Cappella del Beato Angelico).
Fra Angelico was born three years after Raphael died.

Its pre-eminent symbol is the concentration camp, or perhaps the nuclear bomb, he added, and one cannot look forward to the 21 st century with any optimism.
The man is speaking on the future.

oh what is it they're plastic and they've got the elastic on the inside of the poles and you just put them together and it's a dome tent
The dome tents are the most efficient kind of tent.

It is said to have been built at the site where Joseph, Mary, and the infant Jesus took shelter after they fled to Egypt from the Holy Land.
They took shelter there for over two weeks until they found somewhere safer to stay.

The ability of the case study to capitalize on insight, to shift focus as the data demand, and to let disparate pieces of evidence fall into place in ways that are not always easy to describe or command is believed to yield a richer, fuller, and truer explanation of why things look the way they do than the more limited number of tests of a priori hypotheses that other methods use.
The case study focuses on the ability to change as data is reported by executives.

Stardom can be addictive.
People can easily fall into being addicted to fame

Boutros-Ghali spoke English poorly, rarely visited American leaders, and regularly berated U.S. misbehavior.
Bourtos-Ghali was born and raised in Iraq.

As more powerful computers place more responsibility for data processing in the hands of the end users, the needed controls should be identified and implemented.
Computers require more responsibility for data processing with the people who use the software on their home computers.

Renaissance Florence.
The Renaissance is a time period. 

In 1895 Jose Marta, Cuba's most venerated patriot (who now has a street, square, or building named after him in every town), led the next and most important uprising against Spain.
Jose Marta is a Cuban and he is very well-known because of what he did for his country.

well what's your favorite shows
Do your favorite shows include any reality shows?

Thus, the two separate allowances pools for the two zones are separately allocated.
They are seperated differently to ensure that they are given the correct amount.

oh oh gee  homesick um have you heard about these uh these businesses these companies that uh i mean their business is planning family reunions for people oh yeah that's i i thought about this and uh it seems like a pretty neat
They have pretty reasonable prices, too.

oh very good because actually um when i was in college i visited Mexico several times i was in the Peace Corps and um Peru but but recently i have been following the Middle East rather than
My one professor was the one to recommend that I joined the Peace Corps. 

There are examples of productivity improvements of 9 to 19 percent during the project due to additional efficiencies gained from learning curves.
Productivity gains from these sources are usually short term.

we had our air conditioning broke break last last Summer the switch got something wrong with the switch and we had to call somebody out to fix it because i couldn't take it more than a few hours without it on but
Our air conditioning always breaks down, so last summer, just like this one, I had to have a repairman come and deal with it.

In front of the church tower is a Statue of St. Francis Xavier, its right arm broken off during a storm.
The Statue of St. Francis Xavier is also missing a leg.

They also saw no need for agencies to always provide an email address or web site to which electronic comments on proposed rules could be addressed.
The comments proposed were kept in hard copies.

Ca'daan saw Jon's eyes on the little dark man.
The little man was getting ready to attack Jon.

You can fault Clinton's piety and recklessness from a realistic standpoint.
Clinton is reckless because that's part of  his character.

He thought that without this type of research, requirements would cause a rebellion against practice changes.
The research was expensive and took many years to complete for accurate results.

Successful organizations understand that they must often change their culture to successfully transform themselves, and such change starts with top leadership.
They understand the needs of the members belonging to the organization.

The 21-acre grounds include a croquet court, lawn bowling, horseback-riding stables, formal gardens, and a world-class golf course.
We also have a field for a special hybrid of land and water polo.

And no other man could have accomplished the impossible task, even after twelve countries pooled their resources to give him the job.
No other man could have accomplished the task of uniting the world, even with 12 countries pooling their resources.

Still, when more than 70 percent of the poor's legal needs are not being met, much remains to be done, the report points out.
A majority of poor people's legal issues are not solved.

Brian Duffy and Peter Cary have written a rebuttal, to which I have four objections.
Brian Duffy and  Peter Cary's rebuttal should not be objectified.

Also, it states that the proposed rule has been designed to minimize the impact on small entities while retaining the benefits of encouraging television broadcast programming that satisfies the requirements of the Children's Television Act of 1990.
The act requires that broadcasters include content favorable towards Congress.

Fiscal Policy, Population Aging, and National Saving.
The policies were already approved.

But the New York Times ' Christopher Lehmann-Haupt describes the book as classic Kundera--skeptical of modernity, unpredictable, and reminiscent of his masterpiece, The Unbearable Lightness of Being .
This book is just like the book The Unbearable Lightness of Being.

(JFMIP, Project on Standardization of Basic Financial Information Requirements of Central Agencies, dated October 1991, hereafter cited as JFMIP Standardization Project)
The 200 page JFMIP Standardized Project report came out in 1991.

Password Incorrect
The password was typed wrong four times.

I felt that my friend was not what he had been as he rambled on disconnectedly: "There were no stamps in his desk, but there might have been, eh, mon ami? 
My friend has never rambled before.

The analyst was asked by him to report whether strychnine was, or was not, present. 
The presence of strychnine was a vital clue in the investigation.

The Administrator, in consultation with the Secretary of Energy, must conduct a study that addresses a number of specific factors regarding, among other  the need for further reductions of these pollutants from affected EGUs and other sources to attain or maintain the national ambient air quality standards; whether adjusting any of the limitations would have benefits that would justify the costs of such adjustment; the relative marginal cost effectiveness of the reductions from affected EGUs; and the feasibility of attaining the limitations and any alternative limitations.
There are numerous factors that affect the air quality.

These actions have had a considerable impact on GAO's human capital structure.
These actions are the only impact.

These multi-site effectiveness studies can then be used to promote change in standard practice in all emergency settings.
Effectiveness studies must be used so that we can change standard practices in emergency settings.

Shopping is therefore duty-free, as in Saint-Martin .
Shopping is duty-free in all current and former French colonies.

What was it?
What showed up?

The first is as a change in household personal consumption, measuring the goods and services available for consumers to enjoy after subtracting these net expenditures.
Household personal consumption measures goods and services for middle-income consumers.

About eight o'clock.
It's about eight o'clock, a.m.

With a population of nearly eight million and a total area of just over 1,095 square km (423 square miles), housing is one of Hong Kong's perennial nightmares.
The issue is that the population are unable to fit comfortably in the area given.

In case study methods, to understand what happened and why, context always is considered, and it is this consideration that gives the case study its strength as a way of understanding cause and effect.
Cause and effect must be understood with case studies because researchers feel that it provides stronger and more nuanced analysis.

I have yet to hear someone say they are going to a doctor who is kind of mediocre.
The people I know want highly skilled doctors.

(He quotes himself in his books, the sure sign of a towering ego.)
Every aspect of his life proves his egotism. 

Still, it took a while to get near his normal speed.
His normal speed was faster than his friends.

These examples largely stem from the nature of the public sector in which federal CIOs operate.
These examples are from the nature of the public sector where CIOs are, which is in the EPA.

Usually, a separate amount for administrative expenses is also appropriated to the program account.
Administrative expenses include employee payroll and the purchase of office supplies.

he's got several out that i like and uh matter fact
I have bought copies of his released books.

A combination of Jamaican, American, and Mexican cuisine served in a cliff-top setting.
There is Jamaican and American food served for every meal.

A walk clockwise around the palace grounds will bring you first to the picturesque Nijubashi Bridge and the Seimon Gate, where the public is allowed to enter the palace grounds.
There is only one entrance into the Imperial Palace.

to accelerate the development of this industry in the United States.
It will cost million to accelerate development of this industry.

A congressional debate and vote on whether we should intervene in Kosovo could be a fiasco.
A congressional debate about Kosovo might be a big problem for Democrats.

As such, the figures in Table 2 should be seen as inputs into the AMIGA model, not outputs of the model.
The AMIGA model requires inputs in order to function properly.

If he'll [lie] about McDonald's, he'll do it about Iraq, Limbaugh charged.
Limbaugh is a liar and should not be trusted. 

The tiny shop was once the village schoolroom, where children would sit with chalk and slate board.
The village schoolroom which was once housed within the shop had just ten students in total. 

i've got the same problem
I've got the same problem since I was a teenager.

yeah i'm being single and no other responsibilities for yourself i guess you know it's i can i can i've been pretty happy i've i've haven't tried to upgrade myself right now that's uh
I'm single and I am ready to splurge on my clothing.

An additional reporting standard for financial audits conducted in accordance with GAGAS 
Financial audits conducted in accordance with GAGAS have very strict reporting standards.

The elegant (and today traffic-choked) Gran Va, Madrid's central shopping artery, is a turn-of-the century showcase of Art Nouveau and Art Deco styles.
Gran Va has a diverse range of shops

For the first time banks could offer interest on checking accounts or NOW accounts.
Banks could give customers 2% interest on their checking accounts.

In the end, however, rational expectations to Keynesian macroeconomics.
They expect an impact on the stock market from Keynesian macroeconomics.

It became a cabinet-level position in March 1989-the Department of Veterans Affairs (VA).
The department of va does not receive enough recognition. 

In accordance with sections 603(b)(1) and (2), the SEC describes the reasons for the proposed agency actions and its objectives and legal basis.
The SEC is required to release information related to every decision it takes.

Slate editor, who suggested I do a piece.
The Slate editor has high standards for pieces of work.

The impact of her interest and work on the provision of legal services in the state of California is immeasurable, said Patricia Phillips, senior of-counsel for Los Angeles' Morrison  and  Foerster. 
Her work will have an impact on the State of California that will last at least the next 10 years. 

The meatiest feature chronicles how Columbia Pictures chief Harry Cohn squelched the romance between Sammy Davis Jr. and Kim Novak to avoid adverse publicity.
Sammy Davis Jr. and Kim Novak carried on their romance afterwards anyway.

We, in turn, understand the vital role they play in helping to assure that no client goes unserved.
We work together with them in helping the clients.

In these already overpopulated islands, where Roman Catholicism is the predominant religion, the government provides an initial lump sum for each birth and a monthly support grant, allocation familiale, for each child.
The child support grant does little to alleviate the poverty.

yeah it's kind of neat not to mention the fact that it's got four thousand ninety six colors and you can't get more than two fifty six out of a PC or a Mac either one
You can see the colors much better on this one.

i just want to get away from the phone ringing because it it really does annoy me and uh if i've had a lot of phone calls during the day when occasionally we have uh like this past week we have to do a lot of troubleshooting when the programmers have installed a new system and uh phone rings like crazy and you come home and the last thing you want to do is have to answer the phone and if it's some salesman that just makes it even that much worse and uh it just i get to where i i turn the answering machine on and just let it pick up the phone but now with this thing i'm participating in i kind of have to answer it because you never know if it's the switchboard or if it's uh you know somebody calling that you really don't want to talk on the phone
I don't mind phone calls if they are with friends.

Wander through the refreshing greenery to the intersection of Agron, King David, and Mamilla streets, then climb the hill along King David Street past the modern Hebrew Union College.
The greenery is in contrast with the rest of the area.

The dude admitted that he tried weed once back in school.
He was pressured by his friends to try weed in school.

The representation may occur only with non-LSC funds.
The representation may not occur with LSC funds, said the news.

Dr. Elders might have gleaned from the reaction to her remarks that no one in Congress has ever masturbated or used drugs.
Some people in Congress have masturbated or used drugs.

Cruise gathers Brad Pitt into one of many homoerotic embraces in Interview With the Vampire and soars with him high into the night sky.
Cruise hugged Brad Pitt so tightly that it made it difficult for Brad to breathe. 

The views of the Old Cityfrom here are spectacular.
The Old City is placed in a good position from here.

OMB assigned control number 3060-0687 to the collection and approved several of the proposals while filing comment on one of the proposed requirements.
The OMB assigns certain collections control numbers as a way of organizing.

But I never thought I'd meet you one day.
He never thought he would meet her.

yeah the the only thing about capital punishment is the i i remember someone saying i think it was a chief justice in this state he goes if you make a mistake how do you get the person back that's the whole his whole basis was if you do have that error you know some people have been in jail for years and years and years and they're finally exonerated and then you know if if there if you killed the person and it's like oops too bad
Sometimes, with capital punishment, the innocent have been killed.

probations or something on i can't think of what he's the head of uh  he skied into a tree
He knocked the tree down in the process.

But I don't see anything to laugh at. 
It's quite serious. 

Biarritz is perhaps the best-known town in the Basque country, but Bayonne is the acknowledged capital of the region.
At one time, they considered making Biarritz the capital due to it's popularity.

and we really believe in debt free living and debt free car buying and debt free house buying and if we do take out a loan on a house in the future what we'll do is pay twice a twice a month on it and because you save a lot in interest just doing that
We don't want any debt and we are going to pay four times the minimum on any future debts.

um you know every girl i taught except for one was pregnant many of the boys in the room had children and they were they were high school juniors
The kids were too young to be parents.

The others were grouped together at a little distance away.
There were two groups of people slightly apart.

Of the traditional Japanese sports, sumo wrestling is the most popular.
Sumo wrestling is so popular because of the wrestlers.

yeah it's i don't know i was expecting snow and all of that i maybe i should have moved over to the mountains instead of here  but uh they didn't get a lot of snow in the mountains either
I might move further north in a few years, because I want to live in a snowy area.

Many other sugary confections have names which betray their origins in the harem dilber duda ( lips of the beloved ), hanem gobe e ( lady's navel ), and belbel yuvase ( nightingale's nest ).
Belbel yuvase is the most common.

Moderates held on, but the election boycott was at least 33 percent successful.
Moderates were relieved having maintained their position.

"Kinda sure of that, ain't you?" The smile had not cracked, nor had it reached those shuttered blue eyes.
Sarcastically he said," you really believe that, don't you?" He looked away with disbelief.

A paradise for ramblers, the Lake District has a wealth of choices for any level of ability.
Ramblers often like to take in as much of the Lake District as they can in one day.

and there's and we're we're Christians and that's uh we've only been Christians for about five years but that's a a real a biblical truth in the Bible is to to not be in debt and we're really starting to see the the the reasoning behind that
I was never a fan of Christianity but it's a big part of our lives nowadays.

You don't give a fellow a chance."
You abhor giving someone an opportunity to prove you wrong.

But his opinion is not God's law, as a great many angry Little League parents were quick to remind him.
Even if his opinion were God's law, that wouldn't have stopped the angered Little League parents from going after him.

they have some some good buys on them and those are pretty nice i they're they're have a little galley a little uh sink that's got some compressed air and water in it and uh and a little stove that's like a propane stove
The room was very small and couldn't fit much in it.

Virtually all the political talk shows require journalists to adopt one of two dishonest  agnosticism or omniscience.
All journalists are either agnostics or omniscient. 

At night, folklore shows are a good bet for older pre-teens and perhaps young teenagers (see opposite page).
The children are often asked to participate in the folklore presentations.

um it costs about a hundred and something to get the small module that reads that and
A hundred dollars is far too expensive for the module.

Her works, particularly featuring detectivesHercule Poirot or Miss Jane Marple, have given her the title the 'Queen of Crime' and made her one of the most important and innovative writers in the development of the genre.
Her work is still referenced in media today.

Seemed that whoever the killer was, she'd let him into her home voluntarily.
The killer was someone she was familiar with.

The case study as a research method has evolved over many years of experience but evaluative use of the method has been more limited.
Case studies are conducted by scientists and analysts to further evolve society.

But Emily herself ” ” She broke off. 
She wanted to be careful with her words.

There are changing rooms and showers, sulphur pools, a beach (with curative black mud you can smear all over your body), a swimming pool, restaurant, and full health-spa facilities, including clinics and massage to tone and relax the body.
There are also places to relax, grab a drink, and look out over the Dead Sea.

On the nearby Sagami bayshore are Yuigahama and Shichirigahama, two of the beaches closest to the metropolitan area.
Sagami bayshore's beaches are the most crowded ones.

uh no he was sitting at the table with um another couple
John is dining at a table with another couple.

If a profile exists from an earlier assignment, the auditor should review and update it.
The profile existing from an earlier assignment ended up being updated by the auditor.

You have some late news of the wild ones? 
Have you heard anything new about the savages? Last time I saw the wild ones they were running.

anti women statements anti Semitic statements anti black statements et cetera et cetera well then i suspect a lot of people would go out and choose a candidate to vote for just just to spite that person but i suspect that that that would actually never work
Many of the candidates hold bigoted views on women, Jews, and black people.

The officers of the court go to enormous lengths to choose unbiased jurors.
Courts are considering implementing a paid juror system to prevent biases. 

Wal, thar's aplenty to see tonight, right enough.
He was tired of watching all the murders.

The focus of the leather industry in Mallorca are the factories in Inca; you can visit them and shop at the factory outlets (though prices will be lower than on mainland Spain or your home country, they may not be any cheaper than what you'll find in Palma).
Mallorca exports lots of leather that comes from the cows that live there.

Jon drew his rapier and twisted, the sharp tip of the sword piercing through the assassin's armor.
An assassin was sent to kill Jon.

Medieval penitents traced its path on hands and knees, from the circumference to the center, a symbolic spiritual journey.
It is possible to see the traces from a distance.

The point is that Reich's style of economics--which relies on anecdotes rather than statistics, slogans rather than serious analysis--cannot do justice to the diversity and sheer size of this vast nation.
Reich relies on anecdotes he hears from his colleagues.

It just tickles me to death!" Then he added seriously: "But say now, I don't like it, Miss Tuppence, I sure don't.
I am a very ticklish person.

Agricultural employers have consistently asserted that many U.S. workers did not want to work in seasonal agriculture or live in rural areas, and that crops would rot in the fields without foreign workers.
For the past five years, agricultural employers have stated that crops would rot without foreign workers.

The Science Museum in Tsim Sha Tsui East allows children to get their hands on over half of its 500 exhibits, while the nearby Space Museum has regular screenings on an enormous Omnimax screen in its Space Theater, making the night sky come vibrantly alive.
The Science Museum is aimed at children.

I was with her two years."
I traveled with her to the market for two years straight.

More specifically, why would letting the price of tickets rise to the market clearing-level necessarily lock out the average fan?
They only want the rich to attend their games. 

When I left, I turned and saw Susan there beside the shack.
Susan sat propped up against the shack.

When the evidence is more inconsistent than consistent, the pattern is rejected.
If it is half consistent and half inconsistent and third party will decided if it should be rejected.

yeah ours were ours were different i guess it seemed like they they were much there was much more casual dress although i don't think everybody looked at that you know as a good thing
we had a much more casual dress code, and lots of people disliked that policy

Today, President Bush proposed the most significant step America has ever taken to cut power plant emissions, the Clear Skies Initiative.
The initiative's goal is to cut emissions by 60% by 2015.

Those chips in the stonework are bullet holes from the 1916 Easter Rising the building was occupied by independence fighters led by Countess Markievicz; you may have seen a bust of the countess in the Green.
Countess Markievicz led the independence fighters to victory.

Nearby, behind a screened window, is the Seto (White) Bhairav, a gold-lacquered face through which beer spurts for scrambling devotees during Indra Jatra.
Indra Jatra lasts for a week and devotees drinking beer is a vital part of it.

But there is a plan I have thought of "León hesitated, and Drew guessed he was about to make a suggestion which he believed might meet with disapproval.
Drew guessed that Leon was about to suggest a plan that had previously failed. 

Greuze still hopes this might blow over, and you were expensive.'
Greuze wants this argument to be settled.

Adrin's face fell and paled.
When he hear who his next opponent would be, Adrin's face turned as white as a sheet. 

Now he could not understand why he felt so chilled and lost.
For him, it seemed like he had a lot of friends.

Still, as traditionalists such as Ball acknowledge, private investments--even the broad-based, relatively conservative portfolios selected by insurance companies and banks--do offer significantly better returns than government bonds.
He did not have any government bonds.

Ever since Seymour Hersh's book came out detailing the raw side of Jack Kennedy and the dark side of Camelot, I've been wondering what JFK did in today's context that warrants an eternal flame at Arlington National Cemetery.
I read Seymour Hersh's book about Jack Kennedy and Camelot.

He heard a great tearing sound of thunder.
He heard a loud thundering before the space-time continuum ripped in half.

On January 3, 1997, FDA published a summary of its Initial Regulatory Impact Analysis in the preamble to the proposed rule (62 Fed.
The FDA published six different summaries in 1997.

Laid out like a chessboard (nearly half the size of China's similarly designed capital, Chang'an), Nara had its imperial palace at the northern end, with court residences, Buddhist monasteries, and Shinto shrines stretching to the south.
There were Buddhist monasteries in the west of Nara.

Was he four then, or even younger?
Was the young Apache four then?

'I think it should be celebrated.
I think that deal is worth celebrating.

The state also is facing the loss of about $460,000 - nearly all the grant money it gets through the federal Violence Against Women Act - for legal services for poor women who suffer domestic violence.
The state is losing nearly a half of a million dollars in funding for domestic abuse victoms because they need the money to fund the new highway system instead.

Walk right in.
Do not hesitate to get in.

it's just not not a real good uh thing to have on your uh employment uh records
This can damage your prospects if it ends up on your employment records.

Overlooking the fine white-sand beaches, the Croisette is Cannes's grand palm tree-lined promenade, which runs past the great hotels to the old port and the gigantic new Palais des Festivals.
The Croisette is a much lauded place to stay for tourists.

 "Had to draw a new name outta th' deck?"Anse's grin faded; his eyes narrowed.
Anse's entire body language changed, he went from relaxed to alert and ready within a second

This year, a record number of institutions (seven) were able to persuade the AAUP that they had cleaned up their act and should be removed from the list; 50 schools still remain under censure.
Despite what had happened this year, 50 schools still remain under censure, said the news.

Seagaia Ocean Dome, the largest indoor water park in the world, comprises an artificially landscaped beach complete with palm trees and a giant wave pool to complete the illusion of a tropical paradise.
Seagaia Ocean Dome has received complaints for its hot summer temperatures.

The highlight of Wild Water Wilderness is Bigfoot Rapids, a whitewater river ride.
People usually get very wet while riding on Bigfoot Rapids.

Found?­ed in the early 12th century by Saint Bernard, it includes a church, cloisters, scriptorium, refectory, sleeping quarters, infirmary, forge, bakery, and herb garden ' everything for a self-sufficient community.
Saint Bernard created his own self-sufficient community over 800 years ago.

f) All of the above.
I love all of the things listed.

All relieve symptoms in a vast majority of patients.
One of them has some minor side effects.

Talmudic originally signified nothing more than of or pertaining to the Talmud ( Oxford English Dictionary ), the Talmud being the postbiblical Rabbinic code of Jewish laws and interpretations that is the source of authority in Orthodox Judaism.
The Talmud is the postbiblical nonsensical book

Finally, a sitcom aired between Seinfeld and ER that is said to live up to the demands of its time slot.
A sitcom was between Seinfeld and ER that got great ratings.

An article contrasts the lost years of George W. Bush and Al Gore.
The article was written by the Washington Post.

What's striking, as Sharon Hays recently pointed out in The Cultural Contradictions of Motherhood (1996), is how tenaciously we cling to intensive motherhood, as she calls this ambitious mission, despite its increasing impracticality and despite how guilty it can make us feel.
It is tempting to try intensive motherhood.

yeah because i'm constantly running my children around someplace and that's where i actually get my exercise
I don't need more exercise that I get from running my children around.

41During the late 1970s and early 1980s, Social Security's expenditures regularly exceeded revenues, causing a rapid decline in the trust fund's balance and raising concerns about the program's solvency.
The government anticipated that eventually the situation would right itself as Social Security beneficiaries passed on.

uh in Missouri City southwest southwest side of Houston
On the Southern side of Houston.

well you see that on television also
You could see that on TV, as well.

Money money! 
I am very interested in only money.

They carried crude pikes and knives in their belts.
They were prepared to battle the northerners.

a full time camper well now are you living alone now or
Are you lonely being alone?

all right well listen you take care of yourself all right
You need to be extra careful nowadays.

There are equally formidable obstacles when attempting to obtain funding from alcohol study sections.
It is hard to obtain funding from alcohol study sections as money is tight.

Jon wore a ruddy canvas tunic, light cotton trousers and wood sandals laced up to the knee.
Jon's skin was totally covered.

 By the time he was too tired to go on again, he had come to the beginnings of fertile land.
He had kept on going until his legs had given in.

It also meant that future buyouts would be less heavily leveraged.
There will be a buyout next year.

Ann Lewis (The public's  -1 )
Anne Lewis is the best 

well i think that's about uh that's about covered it for me so i think i'll say good-bye and we'll
I hope we did not leave anything out.

the open office
The office is open every business day.

This week's was from a woman and had to do with the desperate attempts that she and her fiance made to find somewhere to eat in Havana on the evening of Valentine's Day.
The couple ended up finding a great traditional cuban restaurant where they celebrated valentines day.

yeah yeah i was the same way too i'm not a people person i i i hate um having to play such a nice guy you know especially when it's all phony especially when you got some uh jerk coming in
I am disgusted by other people.

Macau's casinos are a source of non-stop excitement.
The variety of games and attractions in the casinos will certainly captivate you.

The Scottish National Gallery of Modern Art, founded in 1959, occupies the site of the former John Watson's School, a neoclassical building dating from the 1820s.
The Scottish National Gallery of Modern Art is a popular tourist attraction

Some might even take a sketchpad instead, or a paperback volume of Homer.
Most people prefer to read the paperback volume of Homer.

Tommy felt the strain telling on his nerves.
Tommy was strained by the amount of work his job assigned him.

oh yeah you bring that's well heck that's a lot cheaper then uh taking them out to the show
It is the cheapest option.

It is considered one of the best examples of 19th-century Chinese architecture in Penang.
The temple is a great example of 19th century architecture.

killing their parents and so forth they don't they see these things happening with no consequences
They don't think about what's gonna happen after doing these horrible crimes.

The cable network's animated show about third graders obsessed with violence and bodily emissions has replaced Beavis and Butt-head as America's premiere gross national product (Ken Tucker, Entertainment Weekly ). Critics attribute the show's cult following to the timeless power of bathroom humor and to its dark and clever plots, such as a thwarted assassination attempt on Kathie Lee Gifford.
Americans enjoy rude, sometimes even gross, humor.

He then makes a laughingstock out of himself by accusing right-wing critics of practicing smear tactics and guilt by association.
He embarasses himself by attacking everyone of underhanded tactics.

The ultimate goal is spiritual salvation, or moksha, a freeing from the cycle of rebirth.
Moksha frees you from being reborn as a chicken.

Since states now know that EPA has authority to address transport pollution through responses to 126 petitions or by issuing a rule like the NOx SIP Call, we anticipate that states will be turning to these types of control approaches early in the SIP process.
States know that the EPA can address pollution transportation, and can control approaches early in the SIP process, which might include lunch with a senator. 

Period costs related to stewardship PP&amp
Period costs are related to stewardship in private organizations.

Troubled Monica is an old  Reporters needed a new angle for this round of Flytrap.
Flytrap is part of a journalism project.

The tank is encircled by small sculptured deities and coiled snakes.
One of the deities next to the tank is Vishnu.

This structure incorporates fragments of medieval and Renaissance architecture and sculpture that make it a living museum.
There are some medieval and Renaissance based aspects to the design of the building.

Stop at the giant granite scarab on the northwest corner of the lake.
The lake has a lot of scarabs on it.

i know well see uh the the Sparc stations run about twelve thousand dollars in color and an Amiga runs only forty seven hundred in color
Sparc stations are so expensive because of the materials they use.

Opinion of the Court
The opinion of the court was low 

so when i went to my first year of tech school uh i had a very easy time because our high school had a a good program
I got really good grades in my first year of tech school.

I know that many members of this Committee share that belief and are also working to develop such an approach.
They expect the process to take approximately six months.

Last year, the music industry saw sales decline slightly.
The music industry had lower profits last year.

Mission San Fernando Rey de Espana (15151 San Fernando Mission Boulevard, Mission Hills), built in 1797, was named for Ferdinand III, King of Spain.
The King of Spain was very happy to have the building named for him.

oh my goodness  oh that's quite an experience i probably would have had a heart attack and died right there on the spot
I am almost certain that I would have experienced a heart attack. 

Somehow, we'll incarnate you fully!
We have to find a better way to do this.

And they expect us to do a job of work such as not even Thoth could dream up!
And they expect us to move those big rock slabs.

Katz-equals-Paine is an awful stretch, but his book invites the comparison.
If you think about it, Katz and Paine are both very similar to Jay.

I know that I'm not getting paid as much as I could in the private sector, but I'm doing a lot of good work for people who really need it.
I'm making $50,000 less than I could in the private sector.

he doesn't even i mean we would all die if we knew what was really going on i mean all of America would probably go into coronary attack  well they would
America was founded by secret societies and high ranking free masons.

no i'm i'm in my twenties my early twenties and so i guess Thirty Something is not is definitely not for me
I expect to enjoy Thirty Something when I'm ten years older.

This paper focuses on city delivery because of the more detailed data available on this type of delivery.
This city is to be delivered only to the city.

well do you have some uh savings plans at work
There is a savings plan available through work.

That's about 8,500 cases a year.
There are over eight thousand legal aid cases a year.

You lovable losers.
You never win at bingo, but you're all lovable. 

I suppose, said Lawrence quietly, "that I should."
Lawrence thought that he should wash his car.

There was a velvet portiere on the inside of this door which prevented him from seeing, but he was able to recognize the voices with a reasonable amount of accuracy.
The voices were familiar to him because he worked for them before

They might, too.
They may go too.

Hargarten suggested that we do not have to ask federal agencies to make research on alcohol problems in the ED a high priority.
Hargarten believes that there are much greater problems than research on alcohol problems in the ED, which is why he told us we don't have to ask agencies to make it a priority. 

yeah i think that's probably would be best for the area
That is the best option for this area.

so Linda uh-huh so it sounds like you like to read
So you like to read non-fiction, Linda?

Only when the French succeeded in blowing up part of the garrison, during the War of the Spanish Succession in 1707, was the castle taken.
Before the War of the Spanish Succession, the castle had stood against many attacks without falling into the hands of the attackers.

I hope that most of my fellow members will agree with me.
I'm hoping my fellow members will agree that the payment should increase.

This season, they sense Bird's trust.
Bird's trust was not here last season.

Do you know who that little man is? I shook my head. 
I said I had never seen a man.

What were you doing there?"
What are you thinking about doing?

Other candidates could have something unfavorable in their past.
The public have shown their dislike with candidates with criminal records.

The featureless head, sunken and brooding, opened a mouth wide in a silent roar.
The head was attached to a body.

There's virtually every type of entertainment imaginable here.
The quality of the entertainment is also excellent.

They can no longer be just a box filled with gaming tables, restaurants, and a showroom.
The boxes must evolve into box trucks if they ever hope to survive.

Four decades later, Penderecki has joined the ranks of those who renounce the achievements of his generation; Berio remains unabashedly highbrow and staunchly atonal, a true avant-gardist.
Fourty years later, Penderecki renounced the achievements of his generation, which is very interesting for our modern society.

oh no that's no fun
That is not fun but you will get through it.

_But fix the sky!_"  It shook Hanson.
Repair the sky or die!

Wealth measures, which reflect the value of existing assets based on current market conditions, show a fundamentally different trend, as illustrated in figure 1.2.
Figure 1.2 is a bar graph.

PERCENT OF FEDERALLY OWNED LAND IN EACH STATEl
Utah has a higher percentage of Federally owned land than Rhode Island.

The engagement type and planned use of the data help to determine when you should assess data reliability.
The type of engagement and the use of data to determine when you should and should not assess reliability.

Surveillance and air power are vastly more sophisticated than in previous wars, NATO has a far greater power monopoly in Europe than Hitler had, and in Kosovo, unlike in Vietnam, the isolated party in the war was not the United States but its enemy.
NATO invests billions of dollars in fighter-jets every year.

If households then spend a portion of their realized gains, this spending further reduces the saving residual and the saving rate.
If a family spends money on a trip to Monaco they are effectively reducing the saving rate.

Texas sure is a lotta country, a whole bag with odds an' ends stuffed in any which way.
Texas is full of many different types of people because it has a wide appeal to all people. 

back to back when i was in college you know we didn't have TVs and so i remember somebody happened to have one in their room it was a really big deal and everybody'd get together like one night a week to watch TV but i hate that span of giving you have to give up a lot of TV when you when you're  when you're going to school lot of things you have to give up when you're going to school
When I was in college, we didn't have TV because the room was too small.

SportsZone does not cover the tournament so much as carpet-bomb it.
SportsZone does not cover the tournament but reluctantly carpet bomb it.

He commands but also he serves.
He is a humble leader.

But Michael Sragow, writing in the New Times Los Angeles , calls Kissed ridiculously earnest.
Michael Sragow has grown increasingly pessimistic after taking on his new job.

His face was impassive as ever, and the strange unreality of the man struck me afresh. 
He dared not betray emotion. 

Certain of the collections have been approved by OMB and were issued control number 0915-0184.
There were very few collections approved by the OMB.  

Hidden beneath the glitter are veins of the old royal and romantic Waikiki .
The Waikiki is an important religious idol.

The tomb was abandoned when Amenophis abandoned Thebes and made a new capital at Tell el-Amarna to the north.
The tomb was to be complete if not for the move.

And he accepted city officials' invitations to analyze and comment on a low-income housing ordinance in Pasadena along with other housing advocates.
The data needs to be processed by talented people.

He'd need a glass sphere with dots on it for the stars, and some kind of levers to move the planets and sun.
These would not be difficult things to acquire.

Suazo, promote economic and family stability, fight injustice and help people help themselves.
Suazo promoted financial stability among the population, encouraging investing in retirement programs.

This Baroque renovation, one of Jaime Bort's celebrated designs, was undertaken when the original Gothic front suffered irreparable damage in a disastrous flood of the Segura in 1735.
Although it destroyed property, the flood did not kill anyone.

Es Cale's tiny harbour dates from Roman times, when it was Formentera's only port.
During Roman times the port was used to advance the position of the army.

This haven of design-oriented luxury, occupying a former palace and then embassy, is the place to be if you don't care for the old-money ambience and size of the Ritz and Palace.
The place is very luxurious and large with a giant pool.

That might be because Smith and Price's smart and compassionate work has given Borchardt and his cohorts a measure of celebrity, which removes the sting of nonentity-ness.
Smith and Price came before Borchardt and his cohorts.

However, I was careful in all I said, for I knew we could be overheard.
I knew that several people could hear us talking

It was finally consecrated in 1842.
It was consecrated in 1842 after a 40 year battle.

The future's bright.
Renewable energy will  completely replace fossil fuels by 2020.

A curious and fascinating attraction is the La Brea Tar Pits, one of the world's richest sources of Pleistocene fossils that date back 40,000 years.
All of the Pleistocene fossils were found in the La Brea Tar Pits.

i mean it was like a necessity she couldn't imagine going through college without a computer
she couldn't imagine using a typewriter to write papers

But even these relatively honest conservatives have let all the fat fish wriggle off the hook.
There are thirty honest conservatives in the house.

and uh tremendously useful thing it's uh the the portability and the compactness of it are uh pretty nice it's uh you know enough that you can kind of throw it in a briefcase or uh slap it over your shoulder and carry it around
It has changed an lot fro its original form.

It almost sank the whole deal.
The whole deal was almost ruined by the President's comments.

- Dewatering system (settling tanks/vessels, hydrocyclones, and/or vacuum filters) - Stacking equipment 
Dewatering systems are not the only types of stacking equipment.

Oh, yes. 
It makes sense I guess that he molested the moose.

It is famous for being one of the main sources of the Jordan River, and the waterfall near Metulla lies close to the actual spring (where you can swim).
The area near the water is well known as a wonderful place to hike and picnic.

to to pull their satellites away from them
The signals need to be set free. 

The analysis provides the information required by paragraphs 603(b)(1) through (b)(3).
The analysis has proven to be quite important.

He is of the line of Eclipse. Maybe that would not mean much to a Mexican, though.
Mexicans have never heard of the great deeds of Eclipse.

That about marked the end of Nash's career as a mathematical genius.
Nash's career ended because he died. 

The Dolma-bahce Palace (Dolmabahce Saraye; Dolmabahce Cadessi, tel. 212/258-5544), finished in 1853, was intended as a bold statement of the sultan's faith in the future of his empire, but instead it turned out to be a monument to folly and extravagance.
The palace is viewed by many as a large waste of money, even when it was built.

Personal Communication with M. Gialanella, Hamon Research Cottrell, August 7, 2001.
Communication of a personal nature took place between M. Gialanella and  Hamon Research Cottrell about other friends

'Why not?'
There doesn't seem to be any reason not to.

and course they were they were kind of like the Cowboys in that after Lombardi who could fill his shoes
They got their tactics from observing the Cowboys.

yeah i i know where you're coming from because i do the i do the minor things to my car
i can fix the minor issues, but i don't try to fix big problems

Finally, the only deities possibly more powerful than the Olympians--the three goddesses who literally measure out the course and length of a person's life--are the Fates.
The three Fates were possibly more powerful than the Olympian gods as they had control over a person life. Maybe they had this over the gods in some form.

That is the problem with Social Security now, and it is the problem with privatization.
According to the report the issues experienced with Social Security at present will also be issues with any privatizations schemes enacted in the future.

Geniuses slipping into madness also tend to disrobe in public (I learned this from a volume on chess prodigies, who have a proclivity for disrobing on public buses).
The chess prodigies never actually slipped into madness though.

You can also take a boat out on the lake or walk to Devin's Fall, where a river disappears underground into a steamy hole.
Despite years of research, it is still not known where the river ends up.

An SBA official has confirmed that some agencies follow this practice, and SBA has not objected to it.
This practice involves conducting all performance reviews over lunch.

A convenient base for side trips, the capital of the Franche-Comte region has an attractive city center around the pedestrian zone of the Grande-Rue.
The capital of the Franche-Compte region has a lot of tourists each year.

Cold Mountain is advanced humbug.
Advanced humbug means Cold Mountain, said the reporter.

that's right and i'm sorry that business that's right and i'm sorry that business of making it mandatory i don't like mandatory anything
I like to choose what to do myself, and not be forced to do anything.

The rafts are made of bamboo from the surrounding countryside and can be used for only four months before they have to be replaced.
Bamboo rafts can be built for less than two days.

yeah they they're always branded you know as a bunch of outlaws and if their if their
They are called outlaws, even when it is not a warranted title.

Gentilello concurred, commenting that insurance claims data can be a useful source of follow-up data, as can a simple phone call to inquire whether a patient has returned to the doctor recently.
Gentiello agreed about the insurance claims and said they should use them that way in every intervention.

Absently, I realised that the man was trying to grow a beard.
The man looked odd because he was trying to grow a beard.

A museum, in the Place Alfred-Thomas, details the combined Anglo-French operation to capture this stretch of Sword Beach, with uniforms and weapons used during the action, including a pocket submarine and Goliath tank.
The Anglo-French force took Sword Beach with little resistance.

The Inevitable Collapse
Economical collapse.

We will live like rats in holes.
We will live like rats live in holes to protect ourselves from invasion.

Today Edinburgh Zoo continues work on the conservation of animal species and acts as an educational resource.
The zoo didn't always have adequate funding for the conservation of species.

really is it like Olympic size
seriously man, the pool is like Olympian level shit.

well they're gonna beep us pretty soon
They beeped when they wanted.

But at the Riviera (Tel. 702/734-5110) all four shows are adult-oriented (though Splash is covered for the early show); for raucous fun, choose the Crazy Girls a topless review that gets even more red-light during convention season.
The Riviera has four shows that are only for adults and you must be 18 to be admitted.

What the hell   Tommy interrupted him.
What are you doing, Tommy stopped him midway.

A casual interest tightened into open appreciation as he stepped from under the porch-overhang into the street.
The porch-overhang was a later addition to the house.

yes and i hate it  how about you
You hate that too, don't you?

all kinds of good stuff go
The good stuff will disappear quickly.

Newsweek 's package tracks the secret war behind the scenes, where Clinton's staffers, lawyers, and private detectives labor to contain bimbo eruptions.
Newsweek approves of what Clinton's staffers and lawyers are doing.

Benefits are not monetarily quantified because of the lack of any existing methodology to do so.
The benefits cannot be measured properly because they are not entirely understood.

But in the final five minutes, I raised my bid to $250, then $275, then $300, and finally won the auction, exhilarated by my victory.
I won the auction for the mantle piece, and was excited.

Major changes can involve redesigning work processes, changing work rules, developing new job descriptions, establishing new work hours, or making other changes to the work environment that are of particular concern to employees' unions.
Major changes can involve redesigning work processes, changing work rules, establishing new hourly or salary wages, developing new job descriptions, establishing new work hours, or making other changes to the work environment that are of particular concern to employees' unions.

Thousands of pines, palms, and eucalyptus trees, planted to control shifting sand dunes, shade the beaches at Guardamar del Segura (17 km/10 miles south again on the N-332), an important fishing centre.
The shade of the tropical trees make the beach a popular place even in the hottest part of the day. 

so well you're you're you're you you take this subject much more personally than i do i suppose
I care but not as much as you do.

well how about the Wonder Years do you like the Wonder Years
Have you heard of the Wonder Years?

what type
I am somewhat curious to know what type of item is.

uh i mean because it when it came bedtime she wanted to be in her own bed but uh she uh
She could only fall asleep on her bed at home and not the hotel's unfamiliar one. 

In April 2001, just beyond the reporting period, LSC held a three-day conference in Hershey, Pennsylvania, entitled Creating Client-Centered State Communities of Justice.
The conference would have been better served if held before the reporting period.

Or he hasn't really thought it through, which itself would cast doubt on the depth of his faith.
He is not taking all factors into account.

Note that because of the duty-free situation, good bargains may be found in European china, including Spode and Wedgwood.
The good bargains can only be found in duty free stores.

Unfortunately our clients, being poor, have nowhere else to turn for legal representation, she said. 
Our clients' poverty has reduced their options for legal representation to us and governmental aid doesn't cover them.

 Sí , that was a great pity, Don Cazar.
What a terrible fate that was to bear for a person like him.

The Czech expat's second novel written in French causes some reviewers to proclaim his decline.
The book touched upon some controversial topics.

The distinction between these two major categories is that collections credited to appropriation or fund accounts are offset within the account that contains the associated disbursements (outlays), whereas offsetting receipts are in accounts separate from the associated disbursements.
The two categories have been set up this way by federal regulations.

Just what I wanted to hear.
That is just what he wanted to hear today.

you know but i'm sure there's something can be done
I think there's something that can be done about your breast cancer.

When I checked the transcript, I was flabbergasted; so I checked the C-SPAN tapes, and they leave no doubt.
After seeing the C-SPAN tapes, I was awestruck. 

EPA also has concluded that although there is some overlap between other reporting requirements for environmental releases and other management activities mandated by EPCRA, PPA, and other statutes, the reporting requirements of this rule do not conflict because of the differences in information collected, entities covered, reporting frequencies, how the data are reported, and so forth.
It was thought that there were conflicts because of the information.

Why didn't Ellison finish--or publish--the book?
Did Ellison grow tired of writing his book?

Behind its ramparts, the Delhi citadel is more a palace than a fortress, with white marble preferred over the region's red sandstone.
The white marble is preferred over the region's red sandstone because it looks clean and classy.

He gave a last brush to flank and smoothed the saddle blanket.
He was making sure that his equipment was placed correctly.

her husband's an Nintendo uh are her boyfriend i guess her fiance hard to keep track these days um is an Nintendo freak so he'll he'll have a he'll he'll usually bring a few games
Her fiance loves Nintendo so he always spends the whole gathering playing.

you know perhaps if we put money on the back burner that may that may choose to alleviate a lot of the problems i mean  i mean we may not we may not have as  high a standard of living but
Perhaps if we focused less on money and more on action, that would move us closer to resolving the issue.

If there ever was a highway project that could be defined as pork, it's the Southern Connector.
The Southern Connector could be defined as beef, also.

my oldest yeah my oldest daughter is hard headed as can be
My oldest daughter turns 18 this year.

and at the end of the month hopefully everything came out pretty close so we just kept certain things out for like i said for groceries um but even at that point you know she'd say oh you know we we need this or the budget's not doing this or that uh course me i didn't run it like she ran it like you run it now
I did not do a great job with the budget as she did.

They've--"
They have been here before!

The assumption is made under this method that every employee entered the plan (entry age) at the time of initial employment or at the earliest eligibility date, if the plan had been in existence, and that contributions have been made from the entry age to the date of the actuarial valuation.
Entry age refers to when an employee began to be employed.

To remedy this situation, the Corps changed its processes by decentralizing its organizational structure and giving project managers new decisionmaking authority to help them achieve the desired outcomes.
The situation was not good at first.

On 10 September 1229, a Catalan army led by King Jaume I of Arag??n and Catalunya took the Mallorcan shore near the present-day resort of Santa Ponca.
King Jaume I's Catalan army conquered the entirety of Mallorca in six months.

For example, Oakwood Heights does not have a storm shelter, he said. 
Oakwood Heights is located on a slope and is prone to windstorms.

There are three gardens in the area, all admired among gardening connoisseurs and all with different specialties to explore.
There are unique characteristics that make the three gardens in that area interesting.

Qualified and continuous supervision should be provided to ensure that internal control objectives are achieved.
Qualified and continuous supervision should be provided by the government also.

These examples are just a couple of the problems in the reform bill that many in the community wanted to put on a fast track through Congress.
Most in the community want the bill to get through Congress as quickly as possible to help protect drinking water.

'A reasonable supposition,' White mused.
White liked the plan.

yeah i don't i don't i just don't think you i always thought i'd put a tomato plant in there or something weird but i don't think i could really eat the fruit off it without wondering
I thought about putting a tomato plant in it but I don't think I'd be able to eat it without worrying about chemicals.

Its name in Arabic El-Uqsor means gods' palaces and it indicates the supreme importance of this area to the Ancient Egyptians.
Its name in Arabic and in some other languages means gods' palaces.

i'm not Larry Johnson i think he's coming out this year
I think Larry Johnson is coming out this year as a prof

'He's reachable.'
We can call him.

For example, FAA's Logistics Center posted performance charts and graphs in the entry foyers of its buildings and at the entrances to its organizational units.
Performance charts and graphs were posted at entryways into the building and the entrances of the different departments  in the FAA's Logistics Center to encourage the workers as well as to show visitors the high performance of the agency.

Mountain bikers can call Escape the CityStreets to arrange a more rugged ride through the canyon's Cottonwood Valley.
Rides through the canyon's Cottonwood Valley, are considered to be the most rugged amongst mountain bikers.

Bombardier noted that barriers exist among departments within institutions as well as among institutions.
Bombardier felt that this was because it often takes a long time for institutional attitudes to change.

 "I'll ask around.
I'll need to look for a certain type of man to question though.

DaimlerChrysler will probably be big enough to run harder bargains with suppliers, although there's no real evidence that Ford or GM has enjoyed huge cost savings on parts because of their size.
DaimlerChrysler will be able to negotiate with suppliers, but it may not help much.

He rebuilt Krakew with magnificent architecture and established the country's first university there.
The country's first university drew in many impoverished, hardworking Poles.

Yet, even if we did believe in the fixity of races, double identity is meaningless unless we also presume that American identity is immutably white.
American identity is not immutably white.

You feel as we all feel THE PRESENCE OF Mr. BROWN.
Mr. Brown isn't here with us, but we still feel his presence.

It houses some of the treasures of the monastery, given by wealthy benefactors throughout the last 1,500 years.
The monastery was built to house donations.

well it's not now what year are we talking about
Was it last year?

He fell to the ground gasping and Thorn left him where he lay.
Thorn left the child while he ran to get help. 

The old conventional  Sibelius was a vulgar nationalist (a la Wagner) and a windy Romantic bore.
The new, modern day Sibelius has a kick ass jet pack and lady suitors for days.

That is also the name of Johnson's recent book--a 175-page tract that pleads for still more subsidies while cloaking itself in high-mindedness.
Johnson's book is highly regarded by economists.

so they put they they want you know they want the best and they don't think they think what the best is is reputation for for research and that's a one standard but it's not relevant to what they need
They don't know what they need.

Was the pile of underclothes under which the things were hidden heavy or light?
How big was the pile of underclothes under which you found the things?

( Slit his throat! 
Slit his throat quickly!

yeah uh you mean Thanksgiving
Yes, Thanksgiving dinner.

Commerce has always been an effective bridge of cultural barriers.
When countries trade together, they usually become good friends.

Both France and Finland include the costs of cancellation and mail preparation in counter costs.
France and Findland include $2 in cancellation costs.

ooh fattening
ew, that is disgusting it is so fattening

An audio-visual show gives information not only about the National Park but also about the work the staff does to protect the landscape.
You need to pay a fee to be able to watch the video.

I totally agree (if there is a drug link), get them out.
I agree; those people should not be in jail for a marijuana charge. 

right it it's the it's the honor system isn't it
It is something liek the honor system going on there.

We do not believe it is reasonable to expect all the control technology installations to be completed in that time frame without very high costs and electricity reliability problems.
If the time line is extended by 6 months, these issues will abate.

Shouldn't have thought it.
It was a grave mistake to have that thought.

and i don't think that that's fair i don't think it's fair you know to the kids and and to the people that are sick and i know that you know
I don't think its fair for the sick kids, but I don't know about the kids.

Luis Vaz de Camees (1524 1580), the Portuguese national poet whose work immortalized that country's golden age of discoveries, may have stayed in Macau.
Luis Vaz de Camees often wrote of his love for the Macau people.

well i really don't think anybody anybody can beat UNLV they they might beat themselves but i don't know they're at such a high level of intensity
UNLV is unbeatable. 

Richardson's need to make Picasso into a serious artist and an honorable man (instead of the inspired poetic rascal he actually was) deforms, above all, his account of Picasso's relations with women, he writes.
Picasso had interesting relations with women due to his manners.

Many first-class hotels in leading cities have swimming pools, but there are a few precautions you should take when swimming elsewhere.
The swimming pools are safer than the beach.

Gates is just putting a new face on the company-a kinder, gentler look-to cleanse Microsoft's corporate image and soften up the DOJ.
Gates is a great owner, he is always worried about his companies.

An article on Moscow concedes that it has high crime rates, but asserts that a growing middle class and booming night life are revitalizing the city.
Moscow is a dangerous place for nightlife activities.

We also see signs that Venus and Mars were once more hospitable to life and over many hundreds of millions of years became inhospitable.
There are signs that Venus and Mars were once more hospitable to life and then it changed, said the NASA.

You are too amiable, madame. 
You are a welcoming presence. 

I've knowed that kid since he didn't have muscle enough to pull a gun 'less he took both hands to th' job.
I've known that kid since before he could draw a gun, he's my nephew.

This will extend the implementation of model technology innovations that improve justice for low-income clients.
Low-income clients proposed the use of technology innovations for their justice.

yeah yeah that's true they've got to keep them in line
keeping them in line is important if you want to be able to sell them

Among the best excursions is one over another good road, D 23, directly through the National Park which covers more than 74,000 acres of Basse-Terre's interior.
The National Park was established in 1860 by a group of forresters.

well i just i just feel like there's a lot of murderers and rapists and everything else just walking the streets you know
Murderers and rapists are walking mainly on three or four streets.

You mean that the treaty  
The treaty is essential for our country's economy.

in Consumer Digest or a Consumer Reports
I typically rely on Consumer Reports.

Such tools include software that can be used to automatically monitor control effectiveness and information systems activity.
The software tools are useful

In addition, PDD 63 recognized the importance of establishing mechanisms for sharing information on system vulnerabilities, threats, intrusions, and anomalies so that both government and industry could better prepare to warn and defend against computer-based attacks.
The industry could be vulnerable to computer attacks.

okay i guess we're on the air now
We are live on the air and I am nervous.

). Mindful of the fragility of truth, and trustful of how a better truth might emerge from experimentation and debate, Dewey thought we might well drop the whole concept of truth and speak more usefully of warranted assertibility.
They were still careful when speaking.

 The slaves regrouped on new jobs, and Hanson found himself in a bunch of a dozen or so.
The slaves did not need to be told to regroup.

i would i would love to go there i mean like again again not now but at some point to go see what what this is like i mean this this is am azing because this is this is an this is an example of an entirely different culture that wants to be like us like you said before as well so it'd be interesting to watch
Observing that culture would give us insights into what makes our own culture so appealing.

Some basic pieces have handwritten addresses, and some basic pieces are parcels.
Some basic pieces have handwritten notes to kitty cats.

If you missed the review of Secret Service kiss-and-tell memoirs and other useful sources, click here. For more on President Wilson's chaste pursuit of Mrs. Galt, click here.
Wilson had many sexual pursuits during his presidency.

The referral in SBIR could include both meanings.
SBIR's referral will have more than one meaning.

Just as drunken drivers convicted of manslaughter are forced to recount their sins to high schoolers, Clinton could probably give a superb heart-to-heart speech on the perils of infidelity.
Bill Clinton cheated on his wife, Hillary Clinton, which broke her heart.

a Thursday during the summer i still don't eat up all my vacation and end up taking a full week somewhere else and then having a day or two left over on top of that so
I prefer to take my vacation time in the summer. 

Clever girl.
She said very smart things.

Dave frowned, and then relaxed.
Dave was worried but not any more.

well i guess i would first identify myself as middle aged and therefore having seen the last generation i guess it puts me in you know gives me a perspective on that
As a middle aged person I've got a lot more life experience.

yeah in Garland
It's one of the few examples i can think of. 

Take the argument for passive investing to its  Suppose that tomorrow morning all funds were invested solely in index funds.
Tomorrow morning all funds were invested solely in index funds and will be the best decision to ever make

On the leeward coast, underwater sportsmen can head for the simple fishing village of Pigeon to pick up a boat to the tiny ?®let de Pigeon.
The boats cost 5 Euros per trip.

For example, Pfizer took 7 days to close its books versus the 3 to 4 day worldclass standard.
Pfizer uses old methods to close books.

president someday maybe
Someday maybe I'll be president

it does i i i very seldom if any i can't remember you know a day that i walked out and the wind wasn't blowing
Most days it is very hot, in addition to being very windy.

yeah i'm i'm assessing the damage outside right now i've got couple of a few shrubs i need to replace outside
Do you think I need to fix the swing as well?

The editorial concluded, He smoked but didn't inhale.
He smoked to pass the time and not due to enjoying the taste.

difficulty understanding the owner's project performance expectations.
a hard time understanding what the owner sent in an email

The NAACP's Fort Worth Justice Project will get $49,000.
The NAACP's project will get almost $50,000 from the Texas state government.

but i guess
I guess that's true.

Policymakers appear to have agreed to save the Social Security surpluses, and the fiscal policy debate has centered on what to do with the balance of the anticipated surpluses.
The Social Security surpluses was saved by policymakers' agreements, because they are an important asset. 

well i i i hope that they will change uh but but i'm i just i know it's going to be a slow change uh i i feel as though a lot of people are going back to just having a one wage earner i mean i'm just thinking of my circle of people that i know i know quite a few people who have decided to not have both both uh couples you know both uh of the parents work and yet um
It is good for the children if one parent does not go to work.

The problems we would address  fine particle pollution, visibility degradation, ozone pollution, mercury deposition, acid rain, nitrate deposition and climate change.
Climate change is a big problem for the survival of our species.

Unfortunately Frank Sinatra and company no longer patronise the Kassit, but it is still one of the best caf??-restaurants to be found on Dizengoff Street.
Sinatra doesn't go to the Kassit anymore, but there are others that can substitute.

Beneath the western edge of the Temple Mount, just below the Dome of the Rock and El-Aksa, is the Western Wall ( Wailing Wall ), the most revered holy place in Judaism.
The Western Wall is holy because of its age.

Clearly, the reply was unexpected.
Obviously, the reply was bad news.

yeah the the investigator yeah he he got off right away and i wrote that down on my questionnaire that he'd told me that so i figure that that will make me biased and i won't be chosen
I am biased because of what I wrote on my questionnaire.  

Consequently, funding appropriations diminished or failed to keep up with the cost of living.
Funding for the cost of living is at an all-time low.

For a moment the girl fancied she must have dreamt it.
The girl dreamt about it.

What a steady hand you've got, I remarked. 
Your hand barely shakes at all, I remarked.

As discussed in practice 10, sound training and career development strategies are needed for the finance organization to meet the current and future human capital needs of the business.
Financial organizations have to meet current regulations. 

FHWA appraises senior executives on their achievement towards all the performance objectives in their individual plans.
The achievements further grow the senior executives portfolio whilst allowing the company to grow even bigger!

That's why labor is making fewer endorsements.
That is one of many reasons why labor is making fewer endorsements.

But you are looking at someone who does enjoy fighting.
But you are looking at someone who particular likes to watch fighting.

And what have they got against me?"  "They're monsters," she told him.
They are terrible creatures without empathy.

The seal of Republic's home state of Missouri is perfect.
The seal of Missouri perfectly portrays the Republic.

However, all personnel in the organization play important roles in making it happen.
Even the organization's janitor has an important role to play.

It was our agitated young man of the pale face. 
The young man was upset because he didn't know what was going on.

Didn't lose that much weight after all.
I only lost a few pounds at the end.

Villages stage team games with the objective of keeping a top spinning for the longest time.
Spinning a top for the longest time is the sole purpose of staging team games.

The Jamaica Trades Union Congress and the National Workers Union allied themselves to the People's National Party (PNP), led by Norman Manley in opposition to Bustamante.
The only allies of the People's National Party were union groups.

 The tunnel through the great wall leads to a classic quadrangle fit for royal reviews.
The tunnel through the great wall had been built for emergencies.

The man fell forward and Thorn cut downward hard, through the assassin's shoulder and deep into his chest.
The man was attacking Thorn before he cut him. 

Management should design and implement internal control based on the related cost and benefits.
Management should also listen to the advice of experienced workers and implement internal control around their words.

Bills tend to include tax and service charge, but it is usual to leave a small more than 5 percent is generous.
Bills in other countries do not have service charges.

Look at the dust.
There was a lot of dust.  

The buck still stops with them.
They can change the effect of the buck.

Possibly an autograph.
Maybe I would like you to sign that.

good well as a matter of fact i'm before we started this conversation i was working on my PC at home
I had been conducting work on my computer for three hours before we started talking. 

Every month, Smith visits the Smith Williams Center in the Bond community and the Wakulla County Senior Citizens Council building in Crawfordville to advise seniors on wills, power of attorney and other legal matters.
Smith's work at the senior centers is pro bono. 

White put down a little cover fire.
White put down cover fire so they could go in the train.

Then we would laugh and laugh and laugh, until he passed out, and I would steal his wallet.
We would repeatedly laugh and laugh until he passed out, after which I will steal his wallet as a joke.

now you could kill somebody with them  and the one you buy go out and buy one now and they're just so thin and flimsy and
The thing that you buy is a giant sword.

The library will house over four million volumes composed of books, tapes, maps, videos, and discs.
There are a lot of historical items in the library.

When proper procedural safeguards are used, these elements alone do not diminish the value of case study methods.
When one uses proper procedural safeguards, the consequence is that they do not diminish the value of case study methods, said the economist.

When he scoops her up to elude some angry baboons, the sequence is more electrifying, more dizzyingly vertiginous than anything in Jurassic  The Lost World (1997).
Jurassic World is shot at a dizzying pace. 

Downtown's Grand Central Market on Broadway is L.A.'s oldest and largest open-air produce market.
Downtown's Grand Central Market on Broadway draws in people that love to eat healthy.

Before the balanced-budget accord, the GOP framed all opposition to its budget cuts as fiscally irresponsible conduct by people committed to everlasting deficits.
The GOP ran many slander media campaigns to sway public opinion.

Half-way through, Mr. Carter interrupted him to give a few cryptic orders through the telephone.
He was annoyed that Mr. Carter had corrupted him.

Pretty thick, isn't it?"
Is it not large?

Istanbul owes its long-held historical significance to a stra?­tegic location at the mouth of the Bosphorus.
Istanbul is the only city near the Bosphorus.

The rule was promulgated using the notice and comment procedures of 5 U.S.C.
The rule would be followed after it was made known with proper procedures.

They went straight for the crone's hut.
The crone's hut would be the first they would burn. 

Jon fired again, seeing a satisfying gush of blood explode from the hard leather armor of the left rider.
Jon is an accurate shot.

Not only does Horwitz not do this, but he also understands that the mayor's remark was the real point of the interview--that and the jocularly aggrieved way in which he made it.
Horwitz understands what the mayor means.

In 1961 CIA-trained Cuban exiles attempted an overthrow of Castro's regime, resulting in the Bay of Pigs fiasco.
Castro's regime was attempted to be overthrown by CIA-trained Cuban exiles because they were unhappy with his leadership.

They can call it vice.
It's not important if it's characterized as a vice or not.

a few Texaco stations
A few closed down Texaco stations

Human capital and management flexibility will help the new department to reorganize, realign and transform itself to achieve its important missions.
Management flexibility will help the new department to fund more food for everyone.

 Then coldness settled over his thoughts as he drove them to shape the unvoiced words in his mind.
They were planning to kill him. 

 It brought him back to magic again.
No matter what he tried, the solution seemed to point to magic.

It supplies many of the pubs in the Lake District you're sure to see the brewery name on many pub signs.
It's a very popular brewery.

and then again it it depends depends on the the bigger you are and you know the more bulk that you have you you can your system can tolerate more alcohol so a large person can probably um metabolize maybe a little bit more
I'm pretty small, so I have to be careful.

Stewardship investments are substantial investments made by the Federal Government for the benefit of the nation.
Stewardship investments are an important way for the Government to invest in the nation.

There have been other tales of cannibalism in North Korea, none of them confirmed.
However, the tales of cannibalism in North Korea frighten many.

Specifically, in the Thress model, the peak occurs at a discount of 7a and the welfare gain is only $6 million.
The peak occurs at other discounts in other models. 

Please keep reading for another point of view--probably not the cat's.
Keep reading for another point of  view which is most likely not that of the cat but could be of the dog.

yeah well i kind of think we're too lenient number one now i work in Massachusetts but i live in Rhode Island so the the legislature just come out and said that because of what with treating the prisoners so-called brutally because uh the state prison's overcrowded we have to release them so they took the offenders with the the minor crimes and they let them go they didn't have to serve the rest of their term and which is absolutely incredible um i think number one my opinion is that the judges are too lenient but yet you get some of the jury trials and and it comes down to the nitty gritty when people are ready to condemn a person they always kind of forgive him a little bit nobody wants to put the finger on somebody and say well that's it you know we're going to kill you so it's got to be up to the judges i think we need we have to put into place judges that are stricter than the ones that are in there now and the other thing is i'm not sure about Texas but like in Rhode Island if someone breaks into your home you have to do your utmost to leave so you can't cause a confrontation with that person you can't shoot him you can't do anything with him i'm not sure what Texas is
They set the prisoners with smaller charges free for 30 days.

Biblical overtones--the tale of Jacob and Laban--bubble up from Malamud's simplicity.
There are writings that relate to the tale Adam and Eve in Malamud's writing.

What do I need to do?'
I thought I had done all that I was supposed to do.

Still, it's worth recognizing that Psychic Friends was an enterprise created as a response to people's uncertainty about the world (it's probably no accident that it cropped up around the time of the Gulf War).
People are afraid of what they don't know, so they turn to Psychic Friends.

A generous selection of restaurants, from fast food to fabulous, satiate the hunger brought on by walking the mall's long wings.
The restaurants are expensive.

no uh i've been drug tested twice at TI and it doesn't bother me uh
TI's tested me for drugs twice, and I've passed both times.

For those plants where EPA projects ACI retrofits will occur, EPA's projections reflect that these facilities will either have 1 to 2 boilers retrofit per site.
The retrofitting is necessary for the survival of the facilities.

and we were just um not aware that this was a problem that we ever would need to recycle anything of course you just threw it away
We weren't aware of the recycling problem, we largely ignored it.

Should I be here otherwise? 
So do you need me around?

'Shhh,' Daniel said for good measure.
Daniel hushed them so they wouldn't be overheard.

Also on the place St-Germain stands the church of St-Germain-des-Pres, the oldest church in Paris.
There are a lot of ancient churches in Paris.

well i don't think there's much hope for a lasting peace over there like they
I don't think there's hope for lasting peace in Iraq.

However, this is not the only facet of the city.
Another facet of the city is its night life.

yeah oh yeah you know and i don't mind you know at first it was the the little extra money that you got you know returning the cans in and stuff like that but now you know i don't mind as long as things are getting recycled you know that we don't get reimbursed
I wouldn't mind if they offered other incentives other than money, but I'm happy as long as recycling is done.

Chapter 1 introduces the purpose of the guide, explains its essential concepts and techniques, and provides direction in tailoring the guide for use on specific assignments.
The model presented in chapter 1 is the most cost-effective.

If Thorn or the Kal should fall or become pressed, Jon would know.
Somebody would let Jon know if the Kal or Thorn were defeated. 

(The style guide suggests not using homosexual, although it gives no usable alternative; it labels cancer patient as offensive, and recommends patient with cancer as the proper phrasing.)
The style guide does not think it pertinent to label someone as homosexual.

The pose and the prose of journalists have changed since Ben Hecht's The Front Page . Indeed, Hecht's reporters would have balked at being called journalists.
The journalism found in The Front Page was often crude, crass and terribly honest.

If Perot successfully woos Buchanan and Ventura convinces Beatty to run, next year's Reform Party nominating convention might be the most entertaining sideshow of the 2000 campaign.
None of the nominees from the Reform Party are qualified to run.

But, suppose that it is.
Suppose the gold standard is the right way to handle currency.

23 Competitors understand clearly that 15-ounce pieces of saturation mail can be carried privately for less than Standard-A rates, while 4-ounce pieces cannot.
Four ounce pieces of mail include most letters and post cards.

yes yeah yeah it is and i find that uh
It might be.

Red said, "Can you keep a secret?"
Red asked Dorothy a question, "Can you swear you can keep a secret?"

the not the ballots but uh my mind has gone blank i've been wrestling with a child all evening uh
My dealings with the child have caused me to become confused.

yeah yeah that's a good deal where do you think this is going in the future i mean do you think things are going to change or are we going to keep having to try to juggle all of this
I hope things can calm down a little bit. They are pretty crazy right now. 

(For more on the meeting, see .) (2/22/99)
Information on the meeting is available on the website.

I?«kembecis stay open until the early hours of the morning to serve bowls of tripe soup to peckish late-night revellers on their way home.
Na

8. Cherpitel C. Comparison of screening instruments for alcohol problems between black and white emergency room patients from two regions of the country.
The two regions of the country had very different rates of alcohol abuse.

yeah no no i've just lived here but
I have lived in other places.

Agencies engaged in major transformation efforts, like the FBI, the Internal Revenue Service (IRS), and the National Aeronautics and Space Administration (NASA) could also benefit from such an approach.
Transformation efforts takes a good amount of time to adjust, however are more often than not beneficial in the long term.

there really wasn't a a dominant team this year
Lots of teams took center stage last year.

um-hum like i've had my you know like um like i know kids up here that have their own cars their money's just given to them like they still get their allowance they're twenty years old and they still get an allowance
It's expected that kids without dependencies wouldn't need to continue receiving money in this matter.

Flaws in the marble so enraged the artist that he hurled a hammer at it, destroying Christ's left leg the left arm has been restored and the rather insipid Mary Magdalen was later added by a pupil.
The artist later disavowed the marble sculpture and swore off art for the rest of his life.

There are several reputable people in the aeronautic industry who claim to have known Murphy, and it's a different Murphy in each case, Johnsen told Chatterbox regretfully.
Several reputable people in the areonautic industry claim to have known Murphy, last week.

This doubles the NBA's previous record fine, also earned by Rodman, for kicking a photographer earlier this year.
Rodman enjoyed kicking a photographer.

What is important to understand is that the MBMFC rule is fundamental to First Class and Standard A as we know them, and eliminating it would unleash forces that would lead to a major restructuring, not to a minor adjustment.
A major restructuring of First Class and Standard A would be a negative outcome.

Many people do not have the option of going to France outside the main holiday periods ' Easter, July, and August.
While many people don't have the option of visiting France outside of the main holiday periods, if they do, it's far cheaper.

it hit them wham
The tree branch hit them hard.

Pokemon creates an entire alternate universe, a land with its own cities, ecosystem, and rules.
Pokemon has virtual cities for people to live in.

Valuing Eastern  A Field Test of the Contingent Valuation Method.
The test is to determine if there is any value in the contingent states.

As cited in Edwin R. Dean and Michael J. Harper, The BLS Productivity Measurement Program, revision of a paper presented at the Research in Income and Wealth Conference on New Direction in Productivity Analysis, March 20-21, 1998, Washington, D.C.: Bureau of Labor Statistics, July 5, 2000.
This is a widely cited source.

we'll we'll have a couple of months to come up with some new ideas
Our new ideas have to be realistic and affordable.

Some day he might meet her again.
He hoped that some day he would meet her again.

Included in those amendments was the Acid Rain cap and trade program, the first program tailored specifically to the utility sector, which is achieving significant environmental and public health benefits at a fraction of the initial cost estimates and with relatively little government bureaucracy.
Acid rain causes millions of dollars of damage to statues around the world.

and they won't have any babies
they also won't ever reproduce, because they're both females

However, the agencies that we contacted differed substantially in the extent to which they explicitly provided for these modes of comment during calendar year 1999, and none of the agencies permitted either mode of communication for all of their proposed rules.
Agencies were contacted by us but differed substantially, which made us suspicious. 

The utopian prototype, called the Universal Kitchen, is designed for maximum efficiency in cooking and  The 400 steps it now takes to prepare a modest dinner in an ordinary kitchen would be reduced to 100.
The Universal Kitchen is supposed to be effective in cooking in the commercial kitchen.

His plan was coming together.
His plan to move across the country was going well. 

Gore : Look, we could call this the Meet The Press agreement.
Gore loves the press almost as much as he loves the environment.

Luxor has a smaller but no less atmospheric bazaar, and Aswan has a great shopping street running one block parallel to the river.
The bazaars are usually crowded and full of both shoppers and merchants.

In addition, tax preferences may encourage particular forms of infrastructure investment, such as special tax credits for investments in developing low-income rental housing.
These tax preferences would also stimulate the economy.

That was when dinosaurs attacked.
The dinosaurs were very vicious. 

At the same time, they play with the fat red, silver, and black carp swimming around nearby.
The most common carp in the area is the blue carp.

But they are more worried about the future than those in fee-for-service plans.
There are lots of dangerous things in the future.

Emission cuts resulted in air quality improvements over a broad area of the U.S. and significant reductions in acid rain.
The United States, and mainly its larger cities, suffer from acid rain.

and uh he sat in his car most of the time and and uh listened to his tapes and fortunately he didn't keep them crank them up too loud but he uh he stayed in the car and did what he could have done at home as it were
He had a ton of music tapes for his car.

oh wow that is really interesting are you saying to use like um for chocolate like unsweetened unsweetened
i always find chocolate related things interesting.

It's over now; we're coming clear of memory.
The war is over.

yeah so it's it's less than clear like i said i don't remember the article that well
The article was written months ago.

The delightful old village, the size of a postage stamp, is tucked away on the long spur of land that divides the two beaches.
The charming village receives thousands of tourists each summer due to its prime location.

well the interesting thing was is i had heard that and i i i tend to i think overreact occasionally when somebody tells me it's that great and and it was the thing is it was a it was a good story
The story could have been much better than it was. 

Unfortunately, the public was not enthusiastic, the funding ran out, and the project was abandoned, giving the monument its other Scotland's Disgrace. 
The public should have been excited and paid for this.  

It was hard to see straight.
It was difficult to see things without being dizzy.

Wander freely along the secluded canals past the dark timbered houses, all situated in very narrow, zigzagging streets to hamper enemy attack.
The canals are dangerous and you shouldn't be there alone.

we see it uh every day at six o'clock
It is our favorite thing to watch at six o'clock.

Take time off from the city bustle for a stroll through the Jardin des Tuileries, named after a 13th-century tile works and now beautifully re-landscaped as part of a renovation plan for the Musee du Louvre to the east.
Jardin des Tuileries has been relandscaped every five years or so.  

well yeah i i i've used them a bit too much sometimes
I don't use them too much all the time. 

Single-unit FGD installations have occurred in as little as 20-21 months9, and multiple FGD systems have been installed within 36 months.
There many are installations of FGD that have occurred.

well we have a similar um radio station here and because of the uh people i guess being pressured to have advertisers you know a lot of the stations have to have advertisers they kind of like
Advertisers make sure they all have similar ads.

  A piece lionizes Ed McBain (real  Evan Hunter), America's first great cop novelist.
Ed McBain is lionized in a piece as the America's first great cop novelist because of his use of first person narrative.

She is perfectly sane, if that is what you mean.
The man states that the woman is not mentally ill.

It's a mixed bag.
It's a collection of different things, and some things stand out more.

think of the worst well now it might be hard but think of the the worst person that's been on the show uh-huh in in the past two years besides Rosalyn she's dead and gone
Rosalyn died in a horrible accident. 

But that doesn't happen, because such conservatives are hard to identify.
These right extremists are difficult to find.

Despite the ban on cameras in the courtroom, Oprah's beef trial is starting to resemble an episode on her show.
Despite the ban on cameras in the courtroom, Oprah's network was able to secure a media permit which resulted in her beef trial looking like an episode of her show.

uh-huh oh it sure is especially when you work out of town and everything that way at least that's for me
I work out of town all the time

uh she works at home some though
She gave up her fulltime job, after she had a baby.

All fine particles, regardless of their chemical composition, are equally potent in causing premature mortality.
Fine particles are able to slip through most home air filtering devices.

Virtually all of the major executive agencies have appointed CIOs, and many have taken positive steps toward the implementation of important information management processes specified by law.
Major executive agencies are taking new steps to modernize their companies.

Those belonging to this set are the lucky few who frequent the city's more expensive restaurants and casinos, and retire at the weekends to their restored wooden mansions (yal??) along the Bosphorus.
They rest on the weekends after spending time in Boston.

Something grabbed Ca'daan by the back of his belt and tunic.
Ca'daan's brother grabbed him by the back of his belt and tunic.

On 26 September 1997, two major earthquakes rocked the Umbria region, leaving ten people dead and causing extensive damages to local villages.
Dozens were injured in the Umbria earthquakes on 26 September 1997.

Include senior program officials heading the user organizations, information resource management officials, and members of senior oversight or steering committees.
The officials had all been told the goals of the program.

The robot was silent.
The robot was silent, which was strange.

The overnight temperature plunges below freezing most of the year, while the average annual temperature is less than 10??C (50??F).
This area has above average snowfall.

They had ridden against each other and been beaten until they cared not.
The people were beaten in the face and head.

it it it'll save your fingers trust me
If I were to be truthful, it won't always save your fingers.

Thus, the meetings that are the focus of our review were the result of a governmental activity-the establishment of the NEPDG.
The meetings we are focused on are the result of NEPDG being established by the Senate.

Institutional investors may have concerns different from those of individual investors regarding expectations for corporate governance and the role of the board of directors.
The institutional investors tend to have more of a voice with respect to corporate governance.

Claws struck out from beneath leathery wings, cutting everything in sight- I caught a nasty slash across my cheek.
My cheek was cut because I was attacked.

We agree that climate change is a serious issue we need to address.
Climate change has not been previously recognized as a serious issue.

: The preceding images are not from Michelangelo and His  Drawings from Windsor Castle (online reproduction of art in the National Gallery exhibition is forbidden).
Most of the images are by Michelangelo.

uh to see the other cultures or you know and some of that but
To see Asian cultures.

Financial audits primarily concern providing reasonable assurance about whether financial statements are presented fairly in all material respects in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP),2 or with a comprehensive basis of accounting other than GAAP.
Audits look at if a financial statement is presented fairly.

Having the right governance structure is of critical importance.
It's important to the community to have the right governance structure.

A guided tour of the house will tell you how, on Assumption Day (15 August) of 1769, Napoleon's mother Letizia was rushed out of church with her first birth pains.
Napoleon's mother Letizia had multiple children before she bore Napoleon on Assumption Day of 1769.

As many firms have shown by their ranking at the top of the American Lawyer survey in both profits and pro bono, it is possible to do well and do good at the same time.
Some of the top firms do pro bono work in Chicago.

In place St-Germain-des-Pres, the Cafe Bonaparte on the north side and the Deux Magots on the west provide ringside seats for a street theater of mimes, musicians, and neighborhood eccentrics.
Many of the mimes at place St-Germain-des-Pres exist solely on the income provided by tips.

As a practical matter, mailers are believed in many cases to be able to do this work for a fraction of the cost the postal service would face.
Mailers generally tend to be cheaper because they are women.

with uh Anthony Quinn i thought it was i like everything he's done so far
Anthony Quinn has done nothing of poor quality.

um-hum yeah that's not quite so so easy yeah yeah
The level of difficulty is medium.

They wanted a lot of money that I just didn't have.
I need to make a lot more money.

 For contemporary art, especially the work of Irish artists, you should try the Kerlin Gallery (off South Anne Street), the Taylor Galleries (Kildare Street), or the Solomon Gallery (Powerscourt Townhouse).
The Kerlin Gallery contains a mix of both contemporary and classical artworks.

His futile denials would not have convinced a child. 
He looked foolish making denials.

In parts its interior resembles an airport concourse more than a conventional church.
It looks like an airport concourse because of its clean open space.

The Barquq Mosque is the youngest in the complex, completed in the late 14th century.
Over 1 million people contributed to the construction of the mosque.

Usually, as you know, the choice of topic is fairly obvious.
The choice of the topic is obvious, you know it, said the teacher.

Stewardship PP&amp;E includes heritage assets, Federal mission PP&amp;E, and stewardship land.
Stewardship land takes most of the Stewardship time.

The walls and pillars break apart if water touches them.
The water from melting glaciers will break apart the walls. 

To the left is the shrine to the God of Proserity and to the right is the hall of sinchoo (soul-tablets): gold plaques honoring clan dignitaries and simpler wooden panels for more humble clan members.
There is a great difference between the clan dignitaries and the more humble members.

but from what i heard the guy who got it was better so i you know i can see that but oh
I wouldn't have watched it if they had not gotten a better guy.

oh that was sad wasn't it
That made me feel upset.

These cranes are necessary to lift heavy pieces (sometimes over 100 tons) several hundred feet and are not needed for all projects.
The cranes have a load capacity of 150 tons. 

'Listen, Natalia.
Natalia ignored me.

The difference in labor costs for rural and city carriers has its roots in the development of the two crafts.
There are very strong arguments in favor of equal labor costs.

He was from Texas an' them Texas boys jus' naturally thought as how he'd saddle up an' ride right 'long wi' 'em.
The Texan boys assumed he would accompany them to Florida.

i didn't mind doing that at all
Doing it was very enjoyable.

and we like we bought we filled a full a cooler full of food of all this delicatessen food  and then
The food was made in France and imported to the USA.

Your liquid sky would sink through it, since negative weight must in truth be lighter than no weight, while nothing else would rise through the layer.
The liquid sky would sink through it, and nothing else would rise through it, but it might still work.

Their arrows are deadly, but guns are always better." 
Arrows are harder to aim with which is why guns are always better than arrows. 

yeah i've got a little electric mower and i i will never buy another one of those again
My electric mower is even worse than my manual mower.

For one early fieldwork assignment, GAO looked at the operation of government agriculture programs in Kentucky and several southern states.
They were concerned about the southern farmers.

In terms of Pareto optimality, it appears that a change from the current position imposes large losses on some mailers, large gains on others, and relatively small net gains.
The factors involved in determining which mailers gain or lose are funding and location.

we we my sister uses plenty of fertilizer i don't know if that's a good thing or a bad thing boy i wish this phone would stop screeching
My sister uses plenty of fertilizer to grow flowers only.

The highlight of the trip is the visit to see  Charlie,  a 4-m (13-ft) crocodile who swims up to the boat when called.
Though the practice is discouraged, Charlie is often fed by guests and guides during the visit.

There you see breathtakingly pure and candid golden hair, flowing down from the Virgin's head in a natural veil, suggesting the descending rays of an ultimate blessing from above.
The Virgin had long, blonde hair.

i have a three and a half year old and a one and a half year old and the little one of course is could care less the uh three and a half year old has just gotten to the point we got him a little pole last year and just put uh
I have three kids who love to get outside and go fishing for trout.

A very urgent message arrived from Mrs. Vandemeyer.
The important missive from Mrs. Vandemeyer, just received, should be read immediately. 

The story of Columbus and the Madeiran archipelago is not entirely apocryphal, unlike so many other tales related to the islands.
The tales related to the other islands are often made up wholesale to sell souvenirs.

In all such relationships you are replaceable at some price.
You aren't worth much in the value you provide in relationships.

We've come a long way together from Strom Thurmond's ass (which, while not free, is surprisingly affordable), and if online technology were not in its infancy, right about now I'd be buying you all a round of free-range rug shampoo.
Online technology was in its infancy and it would take years for it to reach the heights that it now has today.

He had forgotten the girl.
The girl was easy to forget.

The rest of Italy participated only by tax contributions to the war effort and minor involvement in commerce and colonization.
Part of Italy contributed to the war effort more through commerce than through tax contributions.

Be willing to stick your neck out and hold conferences and meetings on quality issues of interest to the legal services communities.
The new hires must be able to work well with the community and be strong public speakers.

He waited until the voices rose a little, then he tried again.
He waited until they got louder, then knocked the door.

Anything that can assist them in preparation for their hearing is much appreciated.
They are looking forward to the hearing.

High cliffs and plateaus rose from the rock-hard cracked mud.
The mud hadn't seen rain in months.

Prior to committing to production, the program demonstrated that the product could be efficiently
The program didn't wish to invest in a product that couldn't produce.

The Phoenicians established a trading post at Lisbon around 1200 b.c, calling it either Alis Ubbo or Olissipo.
Olissipo was used as a trading post for eight hundred years.

uh-huh i was a little disappointed that uh United States is lagging the rest of the world but all of the other countries in the world have made the change and even the British which are probably the most stodgy
The British are the most stodgy about metric system.

yeah right i know a lot of people where i work make their clothes it's just there's just so many people sewing now days
I also like to sew my own clothes.

Although you will find venues scattered throughout the city, the main theater district is found south of the west end of Princes Street.
The Government Executive magazine features in-depth interviews with those recognized.

but we can put potatoes in the ground in the middle of May
June is just too late to plant any potatoes.  

Natives and visitors alike stroll on the grand Promenade des Anglais, financed by the town's English colony in 1822 to replace a little footpath.
The grand Promenade des Anglais, while not itself considered a major attraction, is conveniently close to several others and so receives a fair share of tourists.

well what about the Joe Shmoe who's an alcoholic and he's trying to fix it you know but he's not getting any
I don't think that there are enough resources available to regular alcoholics.

yeah and that you know i have that same uneasy feeling that other folks have you know i know i  i mean i don't drink i don't smoke i don't do nothing
I never had anything to drink nor have I ever smoked.  

you never drew that thing out unless it was going to draw blood which is a good
That was only for drawing blood from a patient.

The Symposium's Intake, Access, Delivery, Self-Help and Prevention Committee is developing ways to improve system integration and client access, including institution of a statewide telephonic intake, advice and referral system.
The Symposium's Intake, Access, Delivery, Self-Help and Prevention Committee has twenty members.

Some critics argue Pfitzner has been unfairly ignored because of his friendship with Hitler, and urge revision.
Pfitzner had a friendship with Hitler but that does not reflect on the modern company.

yeah well listen it was good talking with you
I want to talk to you again soon.

They were elicited subsequently at the trial by a process of long and tedious crossexaminations. 
They were honest during the trial

The preamble points out that the number of responses and burden hours associated with the collections are greatly reduced because of the streamlined procedures now available to bank holding companies under the final rule.
The responses are able to reach out to more people at once. 

The analysis estimates that the one-time costs of the rule to be about $58 million with annual recurring costs of about $11.
The rule calls for gold plating all fixtures in government buildings.

do you uh use a lot of credit cards or your checking account when you go out and buy things
Do you prefer to use your checking account because paying interest on credit cards is expensive?

For concerts, the Auditorium on Palma's waterfront has a regular schedule of events from opera to heavy metal.
The auditorium draws 40,000 people for each concert.

The site was swampy and mosquito-ridden, and, after a number of outbreaks of disease, his fellow colonists abandoned him and moved to the future capital city.
The swampy area was surrounded by good areas for building.

By the early 1800s independence movements had overthrown Spanish rule in most of the Western Hemisphere.
Spain's empire dissolved rapidly.

Here was a man who whispered terrible, dark things about himself under his breath.
The man was depressed and he was drunk. 

The city's premier venue is downtown's Music Ceter.
The venue offers a variety of shows.

I wish to God we'd gone there right away.
We might've found her if we had.

Comanches, now, an' Cheyenne an' Kiowa an' Sioux ride out to storm at you guns an' arrows all shootin' wantin' to count coup on a man by hittin' him personal.
The Sioux thought arrows bettered guns.

'Hello, Ben.'
Hi Ben, how are you? 

What a heartwarming story!
The story made people smile and laugh.

Do not use Judge Judy as a role model -- except for how not to do it, he said.
He hated Judge Judy because of the way she misportrayed the legal community.

But maybe it's also because the relationships scenes are soft-focus, generic, and woozily drawn-out, whereas the stuff in the stadium is sharply edited and full of texture.
The stadium was used often in films.

of stadiums yeah well i i mean to get up there i mean the the best i've been up here so far you know up in in in up state New York is uh is um
I am up here in upstate New York so I don't get to games often.

Once they took the wrong turning and went nearly half a mile out of their direction.
The wrong turn took them a half mile into dangerous territory.  

With its wide, sandy beach, Portobello is a quintessential British seaside town.
The sandy beaches of Portobello are closed during the winter.

I'm rather nervous, and that makes me tell it badly.
Whenever I'm nervous, I'm bad at explaining things.

The tourist information offices will have details of the programs.
There are 10 tourist information offices throughout the city. 

I have looked around this strange new world, and it is full of wonderful things.
This new world is very exciting to me.

What's more, the white-black marriage rate lags significantly behind rates of white intermarriage with other, nonblack races.
The percentage of black and white interracial couples is less than those of whites with other races but is increasing rapidly. 

Pleasure, for Klein, is the opposite of  It's all about gratification and excess.
Klein has a rather different definition of pleasure it would seem.

But on the morning in question, Mr. Bookstaver, a former journalist, knew there was only one story to be  the big one still making headlines, known as simply 9/11.
Mr. Bookstaver used to be a journalist for the New York Times.

Books here in Stein's?
Where are the books in Stein's?

for um just social workers in some of the inner cities and some of the rural areas where they just need advice on medical um things i think it's a really good idea and even if it is overseas see i never i i tell you sometimes i worry about things overseas because we have such problems right here in our own country
Social workers in some of the inner cities are very overworked.

perhaps is using it for education i have a four year old son and we have some education programs that he likes a little Sesame Street one and um we have another one that plays music and he really likes that one
My son has learned a lot from our educational programs.

oh you bet oh yeah up around the Keystone and Copper Mountain those guys will love that well good to talk to you
Men near the Keystone and Copper Mountain will love a salary increase.

Moreover, there must be a system to identify homeland security funds across the wide range of existing budget accounts and program activities.
The system in place doesn't do an adequate job of identifying the funds when it comes to the existing accounts.

This latter point--the need to link security to business requirements--is particularly important, and is illustrated in a statement of a security manager quoted in the  Because every control has some cost associated with it, every control needs a business reason to be put in place.
They were on top of the requirements and any policies involved.

Saving more today, in turn, can improve the outlook for Social Security and Medicare.
The increased saving is a simple fix.

 Young British Artists From the Saatchi Collection (Royal Academy of Art, London).
The Saatchi Collection is composed of both young and old British artists.

that's the way to do it i mean that's the smart way to do it it really is because your making you know if when they're meeting with the engineers who they know are going to be dressed down if they come in you know in a six hundred dollar three piece suit
They wanted to wear casual clothes instead of stuffy suits.

As figure 1.7 shows, there were about five workers supporting each retiree in 1960.
The figure shows that only 5 workers or so supported each retiree in the year 1960.

a lot of money i bet well that's great  well  yeah i guess that about does it
I hope you get even more money.

SELECTED AVERAGES FOR RESIDENTIAL ROUTES WHEN ROUTES ARE SORTED BY PROFIT PER ROUTE
The averages were selected based on proximity to a city.

Here they created what most of us envision as the Way of the Samurai : the values, codes, religion, and culture of a warrior caste that would rule Japan for 700 years.
The Way of the Samurai was developed by a large group of people.

do you put all the uh-hums in here on everything too
Do you put all the uh-hums in here on everything in the suitcase too?

You can take a case just on its merits.
The cases which are usually taken are ones which are easily solved.

Well, not really, because I already am.
I do not want to do that because I have an allergy.

uh just the Raleigh local paper
Only the Raleigh district paper that I write for.

In June, at the Annual Conference of Chief Justices-Conference of State Court Administrators, LSC held two sessions on successful self help initiatives, and met informally with judges and administrators to examine potential and existing pro se partnerships between civil court systems and legal services programs.
At this year's conference and last's, LSC was successful in running talks and liaising with members of the legal community.

in some of these big districts but other than that well can you think of anything else we need to talk about
I think we need to talk about how funding is working in these big districts.

It's a large complex, focusing mainly on archaeology, arts of the world, and Jewish art.
It is an eclectic place with many wonders. 

The woman didn't move and didn't speak.
The woman didn't speak or move because she was hiding from the demon.

Scattered Maroon villages remain, their inhabitants still making a meager living out of the poor soil.
Some inhabitants are still struggling on the soils of the land in Maroon villages.

i do have friends who have tried to do more social work you know by explaining to people how the language and what the problems learning English might be and such because all the models of teaching English are based on teaching English to Spanish speakers or to other European language speakers and people don't realize how different some of the languages they speak are
I have friends who did social work with the refugees that were from Africa.

Once you've found a consistent division, you can be sure that no other is possible.
There is no other possible way once a consistent division is found, but some are claiming that there may be a possible way, although this is being argued very intensely in many fields.

put all the money into the expansion box and all this that and the other and uh things just kept changing so much and i kept getting rid of them and i finally said well you can't do this  you've got to buy something and stick with it so i
I don't mind that I have had the same laptop for seven years.

um special thing buying land and building our own house and they did an analysis for us based on what we were putting in and the time frame that we wanted to look at
We have an analysis for our project. It will hemp us decide if what we want to do id feasible and can be kept in out budget. 

yeah yeah and and and and and the seventies were really a it it saw the team's emergence as a super power coincided with the movement to Texas Stadium
The Cowboys won the Super Bowl the first season after it moved to Texas Stadium. 

yeah oh uh-huh me i haven't really as far as entertainment i don't know what you would do if
I don't have any time to fit entertainment in to my life.

'Quite a romance,'  
The romance was worthy of being published in a Romance novel.  

No right? 
I demand to be allowed.

The number is expected to double in the next year.
The number will double because demand as increased greatly.

The smell of it made Jon's eyes water.
The smell made Jon sad. 

I &gt;n cases labeled as serious physical abuse, the reported injury could be mental or emotional.
Somebody had to pay for the physical abuse they've done.

If he had to use too much force, it would almost certainly creak.
It would most probably make a noise and wake people up if he had to use too much force.

my father says, lifting his glass to greet a morning in which he's awake to bewith the  or up all night in the sleepof the world, alive again, singing.
My father greets the morning every day.

Then came the timid archdeacon, a little bewildered by the company in which he found himself, glad that his daughter was considered to have distinguished herself, but unable to help glancing at her from time to time with nervous apprehension.
The archdeacon was proud that his daughter was being honored.

During the visits, we interviewed the CIO, members of the senior executive team, IT managers, and other officials as identified by the host organization, to obtain their individual perspectives on information and technology management issues.
The members of the senior executive team were the most welcoming people there.

H-2A workers provide a guaranteed labor pool.
Guaranteed labor pools are great

If it wasn't for the grant, we couldn't continue to do the work we are doing.
The grant was announced as the program was running out of funds.

In Vietnam, he told the Houston Chronicle this year, [y]our options either were to avoid the draft or sign up, and I signed up.
The draft was implemented by the president.

because baseball that's true they keep raising the ticket prices every year
The price of the tickets will continue to rise with each passing year

Harvard, MIT, Princeton, and Yale fill out the top five . Swarthmore is the top liberal arts college . ...
Harvard is the top English school

Turbo Cat ferries leave the China Hong Kong City(CHKCeterminal twice a day; the journey takes two hours.
Ferry is the only way to travel from China to Hong Kong.

TWEAK per-formed better than CAGE or AUDIT among white women.
TWEAK did better than CAGE or AUDIT with white women in the case study.

Are Randomized Experiments the Cadillacs of Design?
Random experiments perform the best 

This willingness to accommodate will alienate the Senate's ultraconservative firebrands, who seek war against Clinton and the Democrats over the balanced budget, abortion, and flag-burning.
The Senate's ultraconservative firebrands have always lost against the Democrats.

Estimated Resources Needed for Single and Multiple FGD Retrofits.
Predicted need materials cost over a billion dollars.

At all events we'll call at 29 lunch-time.
We will do the same everywhere and call around lunch.

She sidestepped and kicked the assassin's knee with her hard boot.
The assassin broke his leg after being kicked by her.

Representative The distribution of unfiled rates is positively skewed, which means that instances are piled up at the low end and scattered out over the high end.
There are more unfiled rates in the middle than at the high end.

I found that out this morning.
It was discovered thanks to it being featured in today's newspaper.

Housed in a handsomely renovated 16th-century chapel with wonderful natural Medi?­ter?­ra?­nean light, they include important works by Bonnard, Derain, Van Dongen, Matisse, Signac, and Braque.
The total estimated value of the artwork is over $20 million. 

He wants to maintain the tidy and comfortable belief, beloved by Victorians of all epochs, that thrift is always a virtue.
Victorians are the only people that believe thrift is always a virtue.

The first visitors arrived as passengers on them, spending time around Port Antonio.
Port Antonio is a hot spot for first time visitors.

yeah well yeah i like i like some of those things they come in really handy
There are some that are useful and some that are useless.

yeah  somebody has to watch the store though you can't really you know without overseeing
We can do it after closing time.

'I understand this has been a difficult transition for you.'
With all of the controversy surrounding the transition, I was sure it was very difficult on them, and I wanted them to know that, so I let them know that I related with them and was aware of their struggle.

In her clone's eyes, of course, she will always be a significant udder.
She created her own clone. 

It consists primarily of advertising mail that is not required to be sent First Class.
Advertisements can be sent second class mail.

New resorts, such as the Bellagio, are aimed at travelers attempting to recapture the glamour of the Rat Pack era, while many others are following the lead of Caesars Palace, which offers world-class shopping facilities.
Caeser's palace only recently passed the Bellagio in popularity. 

uh well we probably have about three months
We have exactly three months, but the last one will be super busy.

'I asked you to resurrect the Presidents.
The presidents had all been dead for a long time.

These sorts of perks are potentially illegal for two reasons.
The perks this company is offering its employees just may be illegal. 

A great majority of people did take the shots, and the championships began in a truly great style - Jose Pelles from Brazil triumphed over Canadian Don Bronx.
The people who took the shots felt ill pretty quickly.

All past articles, features, and columns remain available in The Compost.
The part articles are available in back issues of The Compost in the library.

yeah it it seems too me like though women's roles are changing faster than the men and therefore the women are spreading themselves thinner
Women these days are doing a lot more work than before.

i i can understand i can understand well it's been good talking with you
I am glad we got to talk today.

One reason is that Cagney didn't make enough really great films.
The films Cagney made were short.

Some historians have argued recently that new information makes all forms of American anti-Communism, including even McCarthyism, look better in hindsight.
Other historians embrace the idea that McCarthyism was evil.  

Two naked woman held each other behind him.
There were two naked women holding each other's weapons behind him.

Don't count out Orrin Hatch, Orrin Hatch answered, Bob Dole-style.
Orrin Hatch feels that there are better people to count on.

What success can you point to that any of your strategy has worked?
The success must be of a highly significant nature.

What did she mean by 'On the top of the wardrobe'?
What did she mean to say by 'on the top of the wardrobe'?

and the guys from downstairs who by the wa y two of them were from San Antonio there were three of us girls upstairs and three guys downstairs and they'd come upstairs and watch it with us and we'd all sit there and
the girls from upstairs and the boys from downstairs are all good friends. 

I'd be obliged if you'd do me the favour to think it over until to-morrow.
Thinking it over until tomorrow will make me very happy.

You, with your views!"  
I do not agree with your views.

well i had my  the the call last evening was supposed to be about uh concerning recycling in the community the call i received
Last evening's call lasted at least three hours. 

Take a felucca ride on the Nile it's fun being out on the water for children and adults alike.
Most children enjoy the felucca ride more than their parents do.

He felt freed from all sin and stress, and the only thing on his mind was a quick physical romance with his so effective inquisitress, who after 39 minutes he could imagine now totally naked.
The man is getting ready to get laid.

'These are Gauntlet marks,' I said grimly.
These are scars from the battle we had.

The federal government of the United States-the largest and most complex organization in the world-expended approximately $1.
The us only had $1

The Sons of the Egg had gotten him off the hook with Sather Karf.
The Sons of the Egg had lied to Sather Karf to get him off the hook.

Why is he here?
Why is Jon here?

they said it was thirty days but on one of my our our thing is they said that you'd have to the way the test is you'd have to really be smoking for it to show up and i don't think that's right
It's better to be safe than sorry if you ask me.

But this pseudogenerosity is also a kind of  A critic may be censured for slamming a worthy movie
A critic may be censured for giving a bad review to a great movie because his standards are not in common with other critics.

The most important Buddhist excavation (1 12) is the only chaitya sanctuary here, the eighth-century Cave 10 with its fine rib-vaulted ceiling reminiscent of a western Romanesque cathedral.
Cave 10 was undoubtedly inspired by Western architecture.

It will likely emerge in the 21st century as a regional leader in more than just economic terms.
It will evolve into a regional leader in government terms as well.

The press has been through an orgy of breast-beating over its dismissal of Jones in 1994.
Despite press attention, there was little public engagement with Jones' dismissal.

But how much more emotional the Carnegie Hall climax would have been if instead of suddenly seeing these East Harlem kids on stage with Perlman, Stern, Joshua Bell, etc., we'd seen them rehearsing first and struggling to keep up.
East Harlem kids struggled during their rehearsals for their performance at Carnegie Hall. 

uh probably Spring but uh i don't much care about things like that i'll i'll make a little sort of greenhouse a miniature greenhouse to put all this stuff in
Dad will help me with building the greenhouse.

they just seemed to like it
They seemed to like the park.

I hope others will follow you.
I hope others follow in your footsteps.

Note that alcohol and tobacco are both exceptions to Hong Kong's duty-free regime and are subject to tax.
You don't pay taxes for most things in Hong Kong. 

He isn't here, I suppose.
I haven't seen him in awhile.

Bradley and Colvin (2000) estimated the entry pricing cost of the USO for the United States.
Bradley and Colvin guessed the entry pricing cost to be about $5 million.

People gather around the cafe, kiosks, and shopping arcades, the young on their cell phones confirming evening plans, the pensionati talking football (soccer) and politics.
The pensionati prefer talking about football to politics.

We are also being inundated by bankruptcies, but in those cases we can only take on cases of workers whose wages are being garnished and who can't take care of their basic needs with what they have left.
Workers who go bankrupt but have savings cannot receive assistance until their savings are depleted.

An agency official has advised that HUD will subsequently issue final regulations.
HUD will be closed down for an audit for the foreseeable future.

Multiple absorber installations will typically add a few months to the implementation schedule, particularly to connect additional absorbers during scheduled outages.
The long-term benefits of absorbers far outweigh their short-term costs.

The case study seemed a way out.
The case study was thorough in its efforts to gather information.

Advertising by financial institutions offering IRAs and information about employer-sponsored 401(k) options serve as reminders about ways to save for retirement.
Employer sponsored 401(k) options are often advertised by financial institutions.

(He has also refused to extradite the Croats indicted for war crimes to the Hague, perhaps fearing they would implicate him.)
The man faced much criticism for his decision not to extradite them.

I passed out and had to be carried home.
I had drank too much alcohol.

I can't count the number of children sired up there.
There are well over four hundred kids.

All the stories which had been dinned warningly into his ears since he had left the Mississippi now brought his hand to one of the Colts at his belt.
The man had been warned all about the scary outlaws.

1, realized gains do not count as personal income, but any taxes paid on such gains reduce disposable personal income and thus saving.
The subject of gains is quite silly. 

The second knowledge point is achieved when the product's design is determined to be capable of meeting product requirements-the design is stable and ready to begin initial manufacturing of prototypes.
The first knowledge point has the same requirements as the second one.

Meats are specially cooked in tandoors (charcoal-fired clay ovens).
The meats are cooked in their tandoors outdoors on the beach.

The patient surely maybe will wake up... Dr Kaliszewski began to say during the morning rounds three days later, '...in about three days to three years.'
The patient has been asleep for more than three days

When the Board developed the standards for stewardship reporting, its intention was to provide overall guidance on definitions, recognition, measurement, and minimum and recommended reporting.
Guidance on definitions is the highest priority for the Board.

'Uh, I think maybe I'll get something to eat and we can do this later-' I started to babble, stepping out of the bath.
I was very nervous and tried to leave the bath as soon as I could.

Truly, I believe the country is in the best of hands, but how do I rid myself of these impure thoughts?
The thoughts were coming often.

without you know really tearing up their place but just like um you know the people that bought ours
You know the couple that bought our house very well.

right uh you know things like that so uh that's what makes it worth it uh because he's handicapped and he's at home all the time so so uh
He's handicapped and at home all the time, he's really depressed.

Pitfalls Not collecting the right amount of data
By not collecting the right amount of data, it could cause a massive drop in the marketplace.

Improved products and  Senior executives can use the feedback from customers to enhance the customers' understanding of the organization and make improvements in the organization's products and services.
Products of all kinds can be enhanced by including a feedback card in the packaging.

right well the when this war broke out it frustrated me all this the antiwar people and
The war was a good thing.

And gentlemen, it's been fun, but now I really need to get some rest.'
I then proceeded to drink some tea and sleep.

The entrance hall also portrays famous Scots in a beautifully detailed frieze just below the cornice; it's a veritable Who's Who of the Scottish establishment.
Famous Scots are not seen anywhere else in the building.  

Here the works of such Western sculptors as Moore, Arp, Caler, and Giacometti share the garden space with those of Shimizu Takashi, Takamura Kotaro, and other Japanese artists.
Most visitors come to the garden to see the sculptures.

May such terror terrify those in thrall to earthly error, for the horror of these images tells what awaits them. 
All who view these images will rethink their earthly ways.

i mean like i said they do a lot of internal advertising on that kind of stuff but i haven't seen anything
I have heard of the advertising they do, but I haven't seen anything.

A bronze rat, Ganesh's companion, fronts the temple, looking like a dachshund.
In the legends, the rat and Ganesh have many adventures. 

He has now set the record for Wimbledon singles titles in this century (six) and tied the record for most Grand Slam victories (12).
He is predicted to win another Wimbledon singles title next year.

They avoid the ideological options--an anarchic expressionism or traditional composition.
They don't want to talk about their thoughts.

Bob Dornan, R-Calif., who went down in grudging defeat last fall, described his military career thusly in a 1994 House  I went into the Air Force and volunteered for whatever dangerous assignment there was.
Bob Dornan volunteered for five dangerous assignments while in the Air Force.

Prudie must confess that your advice is a tad more constructive than her own.
Prudie has listened to your advice, but is thinking about what other people said to her.

As he carried her over the threshold, the house began to collapse and she fled, leaving him forever; his business subsequently failed and he became a broken man.
If he didn't carry her over the threshold, she might have not left him forever.

Take chances.
Take chances after deliberating long hours over what to do.

The collection, housed in the former palace of Ibrahim Pa?̡, the son-in-law of Seleyman the Magnificent, includes illuminated Korans, inlaid Koran boxes, antique carpets, ceramics, and Persian miniatures.
Many of the carpets stored in the palace are woven with gold thread.

Free pick-up service.
There is free pick-up service from the bar on the beach.

The final five stations are in this strange and sacred building, which is actually five churches in one, each closely administered by one of five Roman Catholic, Armenian Orthodox, Greek Orthodox, Abyssinian Coptic, and Syrian Orthodox (demarcation lines are drawn on the floors and even on some of the pillars).
Each denomination tried to take over the church, and they finally just decided to share the building.

People want to believe that checking accounts are sacrosanct, even though they haven't been for a long time.
Everyone assumes their money is only safe in a checking account. 

Fifth, some parties take the Efficient Component Pricing (ECP) rule as one that should be applied wherever opportunity presents itself.
The ECP allows one to price components as low as possible which results in large savings.

Then, they assessed each stakeholder's level of commitment based on their perceived level of agreementto what degree does the individual agree that change is needed?
Stakeholders were unhappy with the fact that their commitment levels were calculated on this basis.

He has also become a connoisseur of grade-school art.
Bill has become a collector of his young kids art.

That's Bible-swear truth, Rennie."
Rennie knows what a Bible is but he doesn't read it.

In 2001, almost half of LSSM case applications were denied.
This trend is also true for the years 2002 and 2003. 

(The Croatian economy, which ought to be thriving from beach tourism and low-wage manufacturing, is a mess.)
Croatia needs help. 

The Arab states that arose were uninspiring monarchies or autocracies, and Nasser's grand dream of a united pan-Arab state that included Palestine came crashing down with the Arabs' ignominious defeat in the 1967 Six Day War.
The Six Day War was in December 1967.

But this time we must deal with the older ones.
Older ones have been waiting the longest.

so but once they uh drop the prices a little bit i'll be out there uh picking up a few more shrubs to fill in where we're  where my dead shrubs are right now i haven't even pulled them out of the ground yet
The prices for shrubs are way too high.  

American Sociological Review, 23 (1958), 652-59.
Sociology reviews in America were made 

Also, head to Jalan Hang Jebat (formerly Jonker Street) for more browsing and bargains.
Jonker street has a wide range of selection of goods.

The sinister prison of the Conciergerie ' named after the royally appointed concierge in charge of common-law criminals ' welcomed Marie-Antoinette, Robespierre, Madame du Barry, Danton, and 2,500 others into its antechamber of the guillotine. 
The prison was named for someone who liked to execute the prisoners.

sometimes it dips all the way down to you folks down in Texas and then it roars back up the east coast here by the time we get it it is hauling some cold weather
It also dips all the way down to people in Oklahoma, which is north of Texas.

to fuel those big turbines to illuminate the studios for the telecasting of semi-popular tripe on the public airwaves at vast profits, for the entertainment of bored oil rig workers out in some once-magnificent national park.
There are bored oil rig workers because there are not much to do at their workplace.

The lookout point at the windswept, lunar-like summit provides a 360-degree panorama.
You can see the ocean and the village from lookout point.

It's possible that Besieged is meant to be vaguely  The African is seduced by the crumbling decadence of Europe while the European falls for the childlike simplicity of Africa.
The Africans are very fierce warriors.

If the fact will not fit the theory, let the theory go."
We must not waste time on theories that are no longer correct.

In a country where tradition plays an overriding part of everyday life, one-third of its energy comes from the ultra-modern source of hydroelectricity.
Tradition is very important in everyday life because it links them to the past.

We will also make copies available to others upon request.
Requesters will be able to obtain a maximum of two copies.

Incredibly, from such inauspicious beginnings the so-called 26 of July Movement grew into a serious guerrilla army, aided in no small part by local peasants who were promised land reform.
The 26 of July Movement became a serious guerilla army even though it was not a deliberate plan.

Between Luxor Temple and the Nile is the Corniche, a tree-lined avenue carrying traffic through the town and officially called El-Nil Street.
The traffic is really bad and becomes quite congested. 

The Democratic Party was elected in 1950, and remained in control until 1960, when, faced with increasing social and economic difficulties, it was overthrown by a military coup.
Social and economic difficulties were the cause of the Democratic Party's downfall.

Upon him          All ultimatelyrests.
It ultimately rests upon him because he is the most powerful person.

During the conference, the steering committee modified those recommendations, and they were distributed to attendees for general discussion.
The recommendations were discussed.

In the middle of the 19th century, it fell victim to the urban planning of Baron Haussmann.
It was destroyed in the 19th century as a part of Baron Haussmann's plans.

Both teams' story lines are marred by the fact that their coaches have been to the Super Bowl with other teams.
Their coaches have won the Super Bowl more than once

For heaven's sake, be careful, Rita.
"Be careful, Rita, for heaven's sake, and don't draw their attention."

a little baby chicken and all that but they say you shouldn't do that any more but um
It is illegal for you to do it anymore.  

Shafts as deep as the earth and caverns as large as small towns carved into perfect squares.
The caverns were five hundred feet deep.

Following the expansion of the airport, the island entered the big league of international holiday resorts.
Hotels began to grow after the airport expanded.

and and that's it i mean i i don't need anything else now
I am very content with my situation.

Currently, support for non-profit legal aid groups comes from interest generated on the Lawyers' Trust Fund, which pools clients' money that attorneys hold for such matters as escrow funds.
100% of the support for legal aid groups comes from Lawyer's Trust Fund.

Watching him, you can see why some of those monks felt it necessary to take vows of silence.
Watching the master, you can clearly see why most monks felt it necessary to take long vows of silence.

An area in which pro bono work has surged is among another traditionally unpopular and vastly under-represented  immigrants.
The surge in pro bono work is in response to extra legislation targeting visa applicants.

i haven't caught that one yet
I have caught all kinds of fish, but not that one.

The development of new service approaches and the enhancement of old ones in this new information era require the active participation of information management organizations from the beginning.
The information management organizations need to be involved from the beginning or the programs won't work in this age.

You'd better start.
If you don't start now you'll run out of time.

do they make good quality copies do you think
They make good copies at kinkos.

In a broad sense, costs can be assigned to processes, activities, organizational divisions, products, and services.
Costs affect activities 

When the Romans abandoned England at the end of the fourth century a.d. , Hadrian's Wall fell into disrepair.
The Romans didn't think Hadrian's Wall was important

? Gay people?
Gay People? Gay Individuals? People Who Are Gay?

should not guide our activities in cyberspace.
The activities that were left unguided, performed greatly.

so do you find your husband more involved than your father was with you
Do you feel like your father didn't love you enough?

Initially, the United States hoped that Cambodia would use the authority of the Genocide Convention to extradite Pol Pot to Canada for trial there.
The US believed that in Canada Pol Pot would face justice.

D'Onofrio agreed that methodological issues are extremely important.
D'Onofrio thought methodological issues can be applied to running a factory.

By the time the Crusaders arrived in 1402 it was in ruins, destroyed by an earthquake.
The Crusaders came with a huge army and many criminals.

'The rear carriages,' White said, unnecessarily.
White didn't have to say what he did, but he decided he didn't care. 

5 million in grants. 
5 million in scholarship grants. 

He tells me that I need to double up on his gift.
The gift I gave him was small.

and well i think the now it's all coming back to me what was the one not The Deep but The Abyss
I'm remembering it all now that you mention that movie.

(Putz is a Yiddish insult that literally means penis but in common usage means fool.
Puts in Yiddish means penis and fool, said the translator.

I HAD thought of hats! 
I had thought you could disguise yourself with hats.

That solution did not satisfy him.
He thought he had a better solution.

The analysis found an annual cost of $198.
The analysis also found that the annual cost could further be reduced.

i mean i think i've heard of cases where someone did they uh the they were uh it was capital punishment they were killed and they found out years later that the he really didn't kill the person
I think that capital punishment should be removed, since errors are possible.

Few would argue that the goal of reducing improper payments is not a worthy one.
Reducing improper payments saves significant resources.

and uh i worked full time all last year and now i'm going to school part time and uh graduate school and i'm working part time and so i'm still yeah i'm still going full time but i only have half time salary
I am only working part time so I'm short on money.

But it was absurd of John to make such a fuss about it, and to go shouting out: "I tell you I won't have it!" I woke up with a start. 
John woke a lot of people up with his yelling.

She would naturally open the door to her own husband." Poirot shook his head. 
She would open the door if her husband knocked, no matter what time it was.

Make sure the ropes stay tight while we see if the thing can be moved."  He started to slip over the side, hanging by his fingertips.
He thought that he could tip it over with his body weight.

Hospital administrators merit mention because they are key to wide implementation.
Hospital administrators are tasked with looking after the hospital.

yeah well the the vice president for operations for Onum stationed in Korea is a guy named Michael Bryant
He is stationed out in Korea.

and i don't know you know they they want to know what it would take to convince us that they aren't a threat and i don't know that there's anything that can be done to convince us of that because you know we just see how if if you let your guard down in any situation how you know how quickly that Persian Gulf situation arose
It's important not to let your guard down.

Your friend cannot be a very good friend if he persists on this subject despite your obviously unhappy reaction.
Your friend is a horrible person and bad friend for saying things that make you unhappy.

yeah yeah like Hal yeah
Yeah that's just like what happened to Hal.

'Hmmm.' Derry bit her bottom lip.
Derry wasn't sure what to do and bit her lip.

They can supply equipment and extra insurance if you need it.
They are honest people, so most people choose to buy gear from them.

He promised a modern state for his people, but as the situation became volatile, civil strife broke out in Turkish cities, and those considered Greek were victims of threats and violence.
The situation became violent and many Greeks were hur.

Fine hotels catered to the visitors' every need, and the town reveled in the money brought in from abroad.
The hotels were so busy that they were booked solid for years. 

A few kilometres (a couple of miles) farther, in the direction of Granada on the N-340, the Museo de la Huerta (Agriculture Museum) at Alcantarilla adjoins a second waterwheel, also of steel.
The Museo de la Huerta is at Alcantarilla and it has many antiques.

Willingly. He picked up his little suit-case, and we went out through the open window in the drawing-room. 
He picked up his little suit-case, and we squeezed through the open window.

Multidimensional Electronic Rulemaking
Simple rules no longer addressed the complexity of the environment.

it's really kind of fun especially if your spouse will get in there with you and get dirty yeah
It is the best activity to do together.

The only mechanistic thing you can do is make yourself scarce.
In order to pursue a mechanistic being, you must first read 100 books.

yeah well that's that's the that's the point we've gotten to you know every time somebody wants something they always turn to the government and you the government's going to be limited i where are they going to get the money they're going to get it from us and we can do it a lot more efficiently than the government we don't need to add fourteen layers of bureaucracy to a program
The government can't provide for everyone.

From Chapter 4, a 500 MWe facility will need about 175 tons of steel to install an ACI system, or about 0.35 tons per MWe.
A 500 MWe needs more steel for an ACI installation than a 400 MWe does.

Still, the stock price will likely improve as 1999 nears.
Towards the new century, we predict the stock price will grow.

He lands few blows, and he wears out his own image as a good-natured idealist.
He was seen as a good-natured idealist before this incident.

For example, the revolutionary changes that are taking place as a result of the CFO and Results Acts provide an ideal occasion to revamp the opportunities available to federal financial professionals and to market the possibilities offered by a career in federal financial management.
Many federal financial professionals seek part time employment in the private sector.

well that's good yeah that's not bad i had two i managed i guess when i was in high school or junior high i managed to talk my parents into letting me have a gerbil
I wanted a monkey instead of a gerbil.  

If stewardship information were required to be reported in a note to the basic financial statements, it would be subject to the same level of audit scrutiny as that of the basic financial statements.
Stewardship information may be required to be reported in financial statements for non-profits.

Such an action would give greater effect to 49 U.S.C.
Such an action would give greater effect to 50 U.S.C.

Or perhaps it's just a perverse disappointment that the anxiously anticipated NQ3C problem was no problem at all.
The NQ3C would have been a disaster.

It informs low income people about their legal rights and responsibilities connected with various situations they might encounter as consumers, tenants, parents, spouses, employees and citizens.
It was used to assist low income people in other parts of the country. 

For requests that involve work on programs or activities relating to the internal operations of the Congress-the
These requests typically take at least six months to evaluate.

The simulation would be programmed to absorb my presence.
The simulation was developed recently.

A horse rode past fast, a huge red stallion.
A demon was riding a big red horse.

Likewise, cracking down on compulsives is also politically cost-effective.
Compulsives increase spending.

In medieval times the High Croseof the Norman city, where decrees and notices of excommunication were read out, stood on the High Street.
Notices of excommunication were read out on Sundays only.

Universities, unlike high schools, are not unitary social structures.
Universities aren't so clique driven like high school. 

Nobody could be fannin' a six-gun for you personal, Drew, 'less you had a run-in before with one of them Blue Bellies."The Texan paused and Drew shook his head, wincing at the pain from his numerous cuts and bruises.
Drew went in the house to clean up. 

Marriage is called all sorts of things, a haven, and a refuge, and a crowning glory, and a state of bondage, and lots more. But do you know what I think it is?
Some people think that marriage is lack of freedom.

But things are slowly improving and the compensations for the more venturesome visitor are considerable.
The area has improved for travelers due to the governments increased attention.

When Inglis vows to serve only two Senate terms, Hollings crows about his experience.
Hollings' experience undermine Inglis' vow to only serve two Senate terms.

An unruffled Blitzer counteroffers, We don't have that much time.
Blitzer knew they had plenty of time but wanted to turn the screw on his guest.

Return to Foog's Gate the name and age of the gate remain a source of debate to enter the upper ward and the oldest parts of the castle.
No one knows when Foog's Gate was built but it was at least 500 years ago.

the entire country each delivery day.
24 hours, one day, nationwide delivery.

One of Italy's most important art museums, it offers the chance to see just how little Venice has changed over the centuries.
The museum carries over four thousand works of art, each a priceless masterpiece.

but the very least that anybody filing income tax form will have to pay on is three hundred dollars and they create money out of thin air
Even if you have special circumstances you will have to pay more than three hundred dollars. 

absolutely they're expensive i don't know unless it labor intensive or something i really don't know
They must take many hours to put together to be worth that much money.

He didn't look well either, as if he hadn't left the place for quite a long time.
It looked like he hadn't left the campground for years. 

Sample the taste of ackee cooked with saltfish, Jamaica's national dish, and the smell of hot jerk pork cooked in a pit barbecue.
Hot Jerk Pork is another contender for Jamaica's national dish.

yeah and i think old uh i think Cunningham is an excellent quarterback
Despite what others might say I think Cunningham is a great asset at quarterback.

Of course that man was Presidential material.
Bernie would have made an excellent President. 

damaged oh yeah
It no longer works.

Puerto Rico quickly developed into a major port and trading post it was one of the last major ports Spanish galleons stopped in before sailing back to the motherland.
Puerto Rico was located in a strategic position.

They are photographs of works from the Louvre, Paris.
The photographs were taken on an iPhone camera.

The Arawak left a legacy of paintings in places such as Runaway Caves near Discovery Bay, and shards of pottery found at their settlements near Nueva Sevilla and Spanish Town have added a little to our knowledge about them.
Some paintings were recovered.

That last's only a guess, of course, but I've a sort of feeling it'll turn out right.
It definitely doesn't look like it'll be alright.

Upon him          All ultimatelyrests.
He is the leader.

But other people can't do it.
They wish that everyone could do it.

If there is an occasional practical benefit to these shenanigans, so much the better.
If there's a benefit to that, it's great, but I really doubt there is.

American Pie strives to out-gross-out its predecessors and does so handily.
The creators of American Pie wanted it to be one of the grossest movies ever. 

More ambiguously, it proscribes special access to government officials.
It gives them access to see all of the information.

Instead I turned right, toward the men's department, still searching for those pants.
I was looking for the pants but they were sold out.

Unfortunately for the GOP, the sophistication and delicacy of the ads is already being overwhelmed by the Democrats' simplification of them.
The GOP makes them seem more complex than they are.  

His heart sank.
He was sad that the village had been destroyed.

As noted above, the requirement of presence is frequently used in immigration laws to describe categories of aliens within the United States who may not have established residence.
The aliens in the United States have not established a residence, because rental costs are too high.

Men squirmed around her and she pinned the knife hand of one wounded Stick before cutting deep into his neck.
The Stick died and she took his knife.

Due to geographical and historical factors, no one has ever built a round-the-coast road, thus many of the best beaches can be reached only by dusty trails more suitable for horses and carts than buses.
A road around the coast would be useful

The more skewed the distribution of delivery route profit margins, the greater will be the losses from unprofitable routes.
Unprofitable routes are becoming less common and more easy to predict.

Involving employees in the planning process helps to develop agency goals and objectives that incorporate insights about operations from a front-line perspective, as well as increases employees' understanding and acceptance of organizational goals and objectives.
Employees feel better when they're involved in the process and give better results.

Come inside, Manning, said John, "I want to speak to you." Manning came slowly and hesitatingly through the French window, and stood as near it as he could. 
Manning stood as near the French window as he could, and prepared himself mentally for a possible emergency escape. 

Severn spoke with pride at their achievements.
Severn thought they had achieved everything they needed to.

And nothing left.
The account was empty.

Being a fugitive is a lot more glamorous when you're doing it on TV.
He said that it was more glamorous to be a fugitive on TV than one who's not. 

Does he start t' crow too loud, Don Cazar or Reese Topham'll cut his spurs.
Don Cazar and Reese Topham were a lot like each other.

Then at last Conrad spoke: "Thought you'd bluffed us, did you? 
Conrad is speaking to a group of vampires.

yeah i i i know my cat she's reaching her life expectancy and i'm already thinking oh no
The cat is in bad health right now.  

As Felicia, the coltish Elaine Cassidy manages to look both luminous and unformed, and Bob Hoskins gives Hiditch's bland homilies so much subtext he made me think of the Paris Opera House in the Phantom of the Opera : basement under basement under basement down to the dungeons.
Nobody could play Felicia and Hiditch in Felicia's Journey better than Elaine Cassidy and Bob Hoskins. 

To help ensure accuracy, the completed records must be reviewed and approved by the supervisor (or other equivalent official).
The records are extremely important and must be double-checked by a supervisor before they are added to the testimony.

Surprisingly and happily the villages did not allow their character to be diluted and swallowed up into one homogenous suburb.
The villages happily held on to their belief system.

well that's what makes it a powder keg
It will go off soon.

The park is open most days in April through August, and is 22 miles north of Paris on the A1 autoroute.
The park is open during daylight hours in the spring and summer.

What the hell are you thinking?! I should've practiced my speech.
I should have practiced my speech about African Americans.

The outer pylon is majestic.
The outer pylons twin lies deeper within the chamber.

The three men, the last of the Seven Swords, walked through the mobs of villagers avoiding their looks of fear, confusion, doubt, and anger.
There were three hundred villagers.

She'd come there the day before, for schooling, and she had been balky.
She looked balky but felt great after school.

All time was not created equal.
The importance of time is subjective.

But look at the numbers.
The numbers display a pattern

Waterparks at Hersenissos and Malia will keep them busy and wet for hours.
Most people that visit the water parks at Hersenissos and Malia have fun.

Napoleon defeated the Prussian army in several key battles and established a semi-independent Duchy of Warsaw from 1807 to 1815.
Napoleon managed to defeat the Prussians thanks to his genius war ability.

U.S. policy-makers often find the operation of Chinese politics quite incomprehensible, but Chinese officials must find the United States equally perplexing.
The U.S. purposely confuses the Chinese policy makers and vice-versa.

He was frowning perplexedly, and I drew a deep breath of relief, for the terrible thought that had flashed across my mind was this: that Dr. 
I realized that he was the one who was responsible.

yeah yeah that's what i need to do
I have been meaning to do that.

Take, therefore, the talent from him [who had one talent] and give it unto him which hath ten talents, Murdoch read.
Murdoch read this from a book in his collection.

Wilkins corroborated it on all points. 
Wilkins nodded and checked his notes before agreeing to all the points.

45 billion, successfully transitioning the government in an endeavor of this scale will take considerable time and
Whenever there is an initiative of this size, it takes a long time to complete the transition.

The venerable imperial traditions of Japan and the frenetic celebration of its youth culture are arrayed side by side in this quarter of the city.
Japan is a beautiful country with many traditions. 

Annette explained in a whisper: 142 "They will think you are still inside.
Annette spoke in hushed tones because she was wary.

It began to devour her.
It began to consume her, head-first.

To identify common critical success factors, we researched each organization, analyzed relevant documents, interviewed pertinent organization officials and knowledgeable members, observed meetings and other operations, and compared their experiences for similarities.
To identify common critical success factors, many aspects must be analyzed, which was Linda's work.

Drew could actually hear the panting breaths of the men now.
Drew was running away through those alleys for what seemed like hours.

Beck sheds the hip-hop style of his Grammy-winning album Odelay in favor of a more folk-influenced, melodic sound.
Beck's favorite style of music is folk, even though he won a Grammy for his hip-hop themed album.

They use analogies, terminology, and processes that help fuse business and technology interests and ideas together.
Technology offers competitive advantages for businesses' ideas.

And, um, Jeffrey?
Not Jeffrey.

David Geffen, Michael Eisner, Steven Spielberg, Sumner  These are among the most prominent faces of the New Economy.
Steven Spielberg has been listed as one of the most prominent faces of the New Economy because of his success and dedication to cinema and people.

and there's rats in the attic you know
The rodent control was called in to deal with the rats.

Other uncertainties specific to premature mortality valuation include the 
Other unpredictable factors specific to also general mortality valuation include 

The rooms are simple and comfortable, popular with budget travellers.
The rooms are cheap but nice and known to be clean.

so we kind of looked for where where the uh his office would be located and how far well he's uh you know he's at the one that's at um
It was difficult to find where his office is.

legally cut money on your taxes huh
I use a tax consultant to help me with that.

uh as our volunteer time managing a program with seventy two hundred kids in it from grades uh kindergarten through twelfth grade and year around baseball softball soccer
I serve as a softball coach for the mini-league that we run between some of the kids.

It can be their only opportunity for intervention, and injuries are the most common events that bring people into contact with the emergency department.
Many injuries treated by the emergency department are caused by lifestyle issues that may also require treatment.

yeah yeah and also i don't like the deal uh with the uh Cowboys stadium where that you to get a decent seat you have to buy a season ticket
I think there should be decent sales available for anyone who just wants to go to a single game.

Alcohol and substance abuse training for emergency medicine  a survey of US programs.
Alcohol abuse training includes teaching the use of sterilized shot glasses.

  figure 2 for an illustration of the decision process that you should use.
This is the best process to use.

oh yeah that's there is oh there is
Oh yeah, there is more smokers than drinkers.

Siddhartha grew up in princely luxury, but when he was taken out one day to the edge of the royal parks, he saw the poor, the sick, and the aged.
He was greatly moved by what he saw.

Pau is famous for its views of the Pyrenees and as the birthplace of Henri IV, in 1553.
Pau is the only place that has an unobstructed view of the Pyrenees.

Conley, after becoming a kind of national clearinghouse for complaints about sexism in medical schools, traveled the college circuit to discuss flaws in both theory and practice of medical instruction.
Conley has been complaining about sexism in medical schools because of their experience.

In wooing Katherine, the French princess whose country and relatives he has just laid waste to, Henry, having never met the girl, calls her an angel and claims to be in love with her.
Katherine has been a French princess for twenty years 

To ease the regulatory burden, the FDA has extended the effective date of the rule to June 1, 1997, and will not take regulatory action for an additional year on the design control requirement.
The FDA wants to give companies the time they need to come into compliance.

That is a high crime.
Don't murder anyone, okay?

The ferry leaves you at Idskdar's main square, Iskele Meydane.
The main square has a large market of stalls and traders.

no i just wonder what's going to happen to the hostage to the the hostages that's over in Lebanon now that you hear all kinds of things
The hostage situation is too tricky for us to get involved with.

In the northeastern corner was a crypt where a cache of treasures was unearthed during the excavations.
A recent excavation uncovered a cache of treasures.

It crossed her mind that if the unknown Jane Finn had fallen into the hands of Mrs. Vandemeyer, it was likely to have gone hard with her.
It was likely to have been a hardening experience for the unknown Jane Finn if she fell into her hands and she would not be able to escape.

Over 200 GWe of capacity has been built worldwide.
200 GWe is a lot of capacity.

And if you do have to show Starr, just show the back of his ear, not his face.
Starr does not want his face shown. 

And while a few companies--notably IBM--have embraced the technology, others--like Netscape--strongly object to it.
IBM and Netscape both use the technology at hand.

but when you anytime you see a nation go in and just overtake it and it's take it take authority take control it's a i believe it's a spiritual
but anytime you witness one country taking over the government of another

Today, in most parts of our country, the partnerships between legal services programs and the private bar are deep and true.
The partnerships between legal services programs and the private bar were exceedingly difficult to build.

in and when in comparison you know it would be uh completely different i mean just just totally different and it you know goes a lot of it goes back to the way you were raised as children you know the males are raised to believe this and be this way and the females are raised to believe something else and be this way and uh when when you're raised that way you you kind of perpetuate that oh those ideals that other people uh force upon you
The way you were raised has a huge impact on your life.

and uh although what they're doing now is is they're maintaining secretaries but they're piling more and more people onto that one secretary rather than get rid of the secretary  they're they're just you know they're finding justification by adding more people to her
There is only one secretary to do the work.

The actual impact on the demand for boilermakers could be lower for several reasons.
There are several reason I can't get into that the demand for boilermakers should be much lower.

After the devastating experience of Mussolini's fascism, national government is rarely regarded as an obvious solution to the people's daily problems.
Mussolini's fascism was a result of the environment he was raised in.

Nor can the Kosovo campaign be called Albright's war, even though it was the utter failure of her attempted diplomacy at Rambouillet (along with the failure of her one-time rival Richard Holbrooke in Belgrade) that helped to precipitate the current conflict.
Along with her failure at attempted diplomacy, she also failed to gain the trust of people.

 The climate here is distinctly  temperature extremes are uncommon and days are warm throughout the year, with the heat of the summer usually tempered by sea breezes.
The temperatures are consistent due to its position on the equator.

right well it seems i've seen a lot of people use them you know for flowerbeds but i don't know what whether they'd have creosote would do anything i mean
I've seen people use railroad ties for their flowerbeds but I'm not sure if the creosote will damage the plants.

Twenty-eight percent of the families that benefited from the program had incomes below $10,000 and 60 percent were below $20,000.
28% of families helped had incomes less than $9000.

We assume here that both firms provide the same frequency of delivery (daily).
Both firms employ mail carriers within their organization.

Today, this out-of-the-way village offers a fascinating glimpse into the Kathmandu Valley's small-town life.
In the past, the village used to be a major trading outpost. 

Elizabeth Wells, second housemaid at Styles, stated that after she had gone to bed she remembered that she had bolted the front door, instead of leaving it on the latch as Mr. Inglethorp had requested. 
Elizabeth Wells mentioned that she lay awake on the bed for about fifteen minutes before getting up to rectify her mistake. 

area are lawyers and and i i just sort of think that's ridiculous yeah with
I think the lawyers are ridiculous with their prices.

Overseas reservations are not accepted.
Reservations must be made in person.

yes yes that's fun really am i pretty Texan
I can sometimes be very Texan.

He was vaguely aware of unfamiliar surroundings.
His awareness was effected by unfamiliar surroundings.

What impresses me, in fact, is that with all the blather about the new, there is a hunger for history, and for many people, the old is more relevant than the new.
History is interesting, so people are curious to learn about it.

But putting Greenspan (or his successor) into the picture restores much of the classical vision of the macroeconomy.
Greenspan's policies have been traditional in the past.

well right at the present time nothing real special i kind of like gardening and i'm kind of into camping and you know vacationing that sort of thing i don't have any real serious
I kind of like camping and gardening. 

Already, several of the most prestigious law firms in the city have sponsored a day, lending their lawyers to the program, Pozza said.
More law firms are signing up to do the pro bono work in the program.

this summer too yeah
The summer is too hot. 

Only the battered desk and an attendant chair with a laced rawhide seat were of the frontier.
The battered desk and the attendant chair were owned by a cowboy.

Judge's Domestic Violence Ruling Creates an Outcry in Kentucky
Kentucky residents are saying that the judge was biased in his Domestic Violence ruling.

'Well, five loads of Raptor probably does buy you more favours than a free meal.' Derry clicked her tongue.
Five loads of Raptor are worth about a hundred bucks.

yeah we do it my husband does most of the mowing and edging and all that stuff
My husband is great at edging the grass.

At the same time, the federal CIO faces additional challenges as a result of specific legislative responsibilities (e.g.
the federal CIO faces additional challenges such as needing to keep track of external profits.

Scandal! As a sign of protest he took to coming to the office wearing a t-shirt with the slogan 'Attention, Baby!' on it.
The shirt was too large for him.

well they weren't negating
They were either neutral or supporting.

Every Wednesday, we have review and intake in Fort Collins; every Thursday, we have review and intake in Loveland.
We cover a wide area and must schedule review and intake on different days for each site.

Co-chaired by two LSC Board members, New Hampshire Supreme Court Justice John T. Broderick and Ernestine Watlington, the Task Force convened the first of several meetings on August 21, 2001, in Washington, D.C.
The Task Force chaired by John T. Broderick and Ernestine Watlington was created to investigate funding to public schools in New Hampshire.

However, it is important to note that, while top management sets the tone for cultural change, everyone from program managers to staff performing day-to-day operational activities must buy into this change and work to achieve its overall goals.
Historically, buy in from lower level workers was not necessary.

The FCC received more than 100 comments from parties in the United States and overseas, which were considered in the issuance of the final rule.
All comments were considered.

'You didn't give me long to work, J,' She said, scratching her head.
She said she needed another week to finish.

Every single one of them is a tax-cutting, reform-the-government, conservative Republican, Gingrich declared on ABC.
Gingrich was made that he didn't get a seat at the time.

The Foundation, wishing to recognize Kleinman's outstanding character, commitment and public service to the people of Texas, created the award to confer prestige and honor upon leaders in the field of access to civil justice.
The foundation made an award to give to lawyers who do pro-bono work.

From slaves' dreams of being transported magically back to Africa to Toni Morrison's Song of Solomon , the idea of a miraculous exodus has loomed large in black American narratives.
Because of the book "Song Of Solomon" many black Americans have discussed returning to Africa.

yeah exactly jump at it
You can jump on it if you want.

that's right and i i think that we've made a lot of strides in the last several years with them but i don't feel like that we can ever turn our back on them and
I don't think we can ever stop giving them help.

All sorts of potential Dole scandals have been soft-pedaled by the media, including the Times , because he is so far behind.
Dole is a terrible and ignorant politician. 

The town has passed planning regulations limiting the height of buildings to tree-top level, creating an open and natural look and feel throughout the town.
The town was very divided on the passing of these regulations. 

According to the Roper Center's Presidential Job Performance Web site, Clinton enjoyed his highest-ever job approval--73 percent--during December of last year and January and February of this year.
No president has ever had a job approval rating as high as 73 percent while in office.

After all, Mother Ganga, however sacred, is also just a river.
The Ganga River is widely regarded as sacred by several different faiths.

Its ruler, Chandragupta Maurya (321 297 b.c. ), was also to become the founder of India's first imperial dynasty with Pataliputra (modern Patna), the world's largest city at the time, as its capital.
India's first imperial dynasty paved the way to a new golden age.

In the center, Bernini's Fountain of the Four Rivers (Fontana dei Fiumi) celebrates the great rivers of the four the Americas (R?­o de la Plata), Europe (Danube), Asia (Ganges), and Africa (Nile).
The Bernini's Fountain of the Four Rivers is very beautiful.

The cover story christens professional wrestling a new American art form, albeit a savage  Fifty episodes of a popular wrestling TV show included 1,658 instances of grabbing or pointing to one's crotch, 157 instances of an obscene finger gesture, 128 episodes of simulated sexual activity, and 21 references to urination.
Professional wrestling is very popular in America.

It is also said to be more accurate and better organized, with fewer chatty digressions.
It has a better layout and less things to distract me.

To read them is to encounter a mind at war with itself and the world (and ready to go to war with his critics, as any number of exchanges over the past quarter-century will show).
Any number of exchanges in the past quarter-century shows you will confront a mind at war with itself, the world, and everyone else.

yeah that's i don't think it's the kind of thing for anybody i know i wouldn't be able to watch it
I think that you wouldn't want to watch it.

British engineers also set a port in operation at Pointe-? -Pitre, thus establishing the importance of this advantageously located town.
British engineers established the importance of the town because it was located right on the trade route.

no no and that no right right publish first and then
You should publish first and then see how it goes.

From the outset it was a center of culture and learning, arguably the first university in the world.
They were the leaders of education and set the standard. 

Catching her glare, I nodded slowly.
I didn't understand, but I nodded anyways.

'I'm having a bit of a rough month.
I've had so much go wrong in my life in the past month, losing loved ones, going through my rough divorce, it's just been an awful month for me.

Indeed, as the capital ages, its history is increasingly becoming whatever associative past you can conjure up as ornament, reward, or weapon.
The capital was involved in the Civil War.

The rest of the country had endured Vietnam and Watergate, but New York had its own little  bankruptcy and physical collapse.
New York will never be the same after its bankruptcy problem.

No doubt it has struck you too."
I'm sure you too are aware of it.

In January 2002, we implemented a new competency-based performance management system that is intended to create a clear linkage between employee performance and our strategic plan and core values.
Strategic plans and core values are aligned with employee performance now.

Determination of the most appropriate configuration of programs in a given state is a part of the broader state planning process and cannot be divorced from consideration of the overall goals of the state delivery system, the state's past performance, current status, and progress towards and plans for achieving those goals.
State planning processes help determine what progress should be made in giving legal services to the poor.

they should have have pride in this because it's it's a good system and it's working well
They were unsure if the program would work out.

well i didn't know that that's supposed to be a real good statistic uh
I didn't know before but that statistic was supposed to be good before after the corrections.

right and so i mean but you know it's like the thing is is that you know you just get treated i mean one one of the guys that was doing it was uh like uh a waiter at one of the restaurants that know you know like the military had
It doesn't cost much to get the right treatment.

One of the Clinton team's most impressive feats was to sell the idea that throwing out the case was courageous.
Clinton made everyone believe him about the case.

1See Budget  Prompt Action Necessary to Avert Long-Term Damage to the Economy (GAO/OCG-92-2, June 5, 1992), The Deficit and the  An Update of Long-Term Simulations (GAO/AIMD/OCE-95-119, April 26, 1995), Budget  Deficit Reduction and the Long-Term (GAO/T-AIMD-96-66, March 13, 1996), Budget  Analysis of Long-Term Fiscal Outlook (GAO/AIMD/OCE-98-19, October 22, 1997), Budget  Long-Term Fiscal Outlook (GAO/T-AIMD/OCE-98-83, February 25, 1998), Budget  July 2000 Update of GAO's Long-Term Simulations (GAO/AIMD-00-272R, July 26, 2000), and Long-Term Budget  Moving From Balancing the Budget to Balancing Fiscal Risk (GAO-01-385T, February 6, 2001).
All the factors affecting the budget were taken into account before reaching on conclusion.

There are many cafe and restaurants, and you can shop on the various levels for antiques, crafts, and clothes.
Most of the cafes and shops have good prices.

it's interesting that that the American public is encouraged to incur all that debt and then next year none of it will be deductible and this year it's ten percent or so
It's interesting that the American public is told to get debt when it's so bad for them.

But many also say the conceit of the episode--that a film crew is documenting life in an emergency room--was a cheap ploy to cover up gaffes.
Many different injuries and treatments were filmed in the documentary.

Yes, if you have no caravan and a good horse.
If you have a good horse, you can do it for sure.

you know with the beard and all that stuff i mean it's uh
You know with the beard and eyebrows.

good uh let's see so uh were we right in the Middle East
We are based in the Middle East.

Its exotic character is enhanced by the twin-columned 13th-century cloister overgrown with tropical plants, orange, lemon, and palm trees.
Each column is 40 feet tall.

You would inherit it, wouldn't you?"
You would be the rightful owner of the estate, would you?

His forces made a series of attacks from their bases in the Dodecanese islands, including sinking a Greek naval vessel in the harbor of Tinos Town, but they only succeeded in strengthening the resolve of the population against them.
They attacked from their bases in the Dodecanese islands and killed thousands.

The editorial goes on to note that between one-third and one-half of all divorced women spend some time on  As for the famous gender gap, it appears to be merely part of the basic political tensions that now exist between defenders of the country's post-War system of government guarantees and Republicans who argue for an updating of the ways we ensure personal and financial security.
Women down heavily in favor of personal and financial security.

right right i do think there is probably an influence there because i noticed that even though popular music the the wilder stuff was around when my uh older children were were you know adolescents early adolescents when they first start listening to music on their own they first get ask for a radio of their own and so on um
I love their tasted in music, it is great. 

The Merchant rolled to the lower rim and startled awake.
The Merchant almost feel off the rim and woke up.

The Clintonites had a worthier foe in mind.
The Clinton supports did not take Obama seriously.

Still a larger question  Why don't companies ever quit while they're ahead?
The big question is why don't companies quit when they are winning?

Their view of the final object of the search was somewhat obscured by the underbrush behind which they remained.
They were not able to get out of the underbrush so they didn't have a very good view.

Tommy and Julius worked separately and together, but the result was the same.
The result was the same because Tommy and Julius had the same ability.  

USA Today and the New York Times certified her as the newest celebrity in sports but worried that she'll end up warped or burned out like other recent teen prodigies in gymnastics, skating, and tennis.
USA Today and the New York Times have predicted the downfall and burnout of multiple recent teen sports celebrities. 

but now that i'm there i mean it's it's a lot more convenient because there's so many kids that dawdle
A lot of kids take a long time because they are slow walkers.

Department of Labor's standard of review regarding U.S. employment experience acquired by foreign nationals in the permanent resident process.
The foreign nationals are required to be skillful.

He caught sight of Thorn again silhouetted against the green flames, horse rearing and Thorn's huge blade cutting another rider in half at the waist in an explosion of blood and gore.
The flames made the whole area glow.

Still, there's a certain irony in Grove's ascent to elder statesman, because the idea of him as shaper of the future makes it easy to miss how much Grove and Intel were products of what's now described as the corporate past.
They brought their ideas to life over time.

In the late 1990s the church underwent a massive renovation and now acts as the permanent center and offices for the Edinburgh International Festival.
It took eight years to renovate the church.

An even older source reminds me of an investment for old age at which Cicero only hints.
The older source is more reliable.

Rayfield assists us with these contradictions by saying that, by the standards of his time, Chekhov was a judophile.
Rayfield that that even today Chekhov should still be treated as a pedophile. 

Helvellyn, 965 m (3116 ft) high, is one of the most popular peaks in the country and forms part of the traditional Three Peaks Challenge, a 60-km (40-mile) run over the three highest peaks in England Helvellyn, Scafel Pike, and Skiddaw.
Most of the peaks are fairly comfortable to traverse. 

Why?"Topham moved and suddenly they were all watching him.
Topham revealed that he was the culprit with that reaction.

that's stupid
That is the most stupid thing I have ever heard.

Can't be easy for him to git them, neither." 
It must take a lot of work and money to get them.

Robert Lalley appealed to area lawyers to give more time and money to the poor.
The poor needed the lawyers help.

The federal government has recognized that mitigating risks to our nation's critical computer-dependent infrastructures, many of which are privately owned, is a serious challenge requiring coordination and cooperation among federal agencies, public and private-sector entities, and other nations.
The federal government has been reluctant to recognize the challenge of mitigating risks to national computer-dependent infrastructures.

I don't hold with foreigners as a rule, but from what the newspapers say I make out as how these brave Belges isn't the ordinary run of foreigners, and certainly he's a most polite spoken gentleman." Dear old Dorcas! 
Belges is more interesting than most foreigners, so I can make an exception for him. 

Despite being Shikoku island's largest town, Matsuyama is a laid-back place, mainly serving as the shopping center for tourists visiting the hot springs situated 4 km (2. 5 miles) away.
Every tourist that comes to Shikoku island visits Matsuyama and the hot springs.

That happened to be stealing.
You can make excuses, but it is still stealing.

An' th' old Dons down in Sonora come up once in a while to pick them out some fancy saddle stock.
The Dons pick out leather saddle stock when they come down.

in response to this uh drug testing that they no longer uh even use anything like that on a casual basis
They did not want to be seen as a drug addict.

Land not acquired for or in connection with22 items of general PP and E, that is, stewardship land, shall be reported as required supplementary stewardship information accompanying the financial statements of the Federal Government and the separate reports of component units of the Federal Government responsible for such land.
Stewardship land is often looked after by state and federal volunteers.

In the brilliantly illuminated nave, the faithful are exalted by one of the most grandiose series of frescoes in Christendom and, sadly, some of the most damaged in the earthquake.
The earthquake destroyed some frescoes beyond repair.

and so most of the people are wealthy and and they don't have some most of their basic needs for for food and shelter and clothing are met so they don't have any
The monetary advantages they have are counterbalanced by a lack of basic needs, leading to turmoil. 

Neon ribbons danced over my eyes.
I saw neon ribbons when I got hit in the head.

 LSC's grant making and regulatory authority promotes expanded, effective, and efficient state and local legal services to low income persons.
LSC's authority encourages efficient local legal services for people with incomes less than $15,000.

Gonna take th' Yankees some doin' to git all them back into place."He laughed.
He thought that it would take the Yankees months to put them back into place.

But there is little public awareness of these sites at present.
The public is aware of some of the information at these sites, but not all.  

The Case Study Method in Social Inquiry.
The social inquiry discovered conflicting information.

Jon's head hurt to follow it.
Jon's head was suffering from a migraine.

Align Information Management Leadership for Value Creation
Companies need to utilize information management leadership for value creation over time. 

Nearby San Marino is home to a few of the county's very best museums.
San Marino has a museum devoted to the olympics.

Shot Will Bachus when he stood up to 'em, an' made it all legal 'cause they had a tin-horn deputy ridin' with 'em.
Will Bachus was always a brave man.

Regarding my traveling  Bob forbade me from talking about his germ phobia, although it was kind of hard to understand what he was saying through that surgical mask he was wearing.
Bob's phobias include, germs, crowds of people, elevators, and airplanes.

We don't work for the Democrats, diGenova says.
diGenova always lies about not working for Democrats.

The first French town to be liberated in World War II (on the day after D-Day), Bayeux was blessedly preserved from destruction.
The french town of Bayeux was able to defend itself from being ruined.

and uh of course there's another aspect of this too uh in terms of invasion of privacy i just thought about it being a professional and of course you probably belong to one or more professional organizations and that is that some of the organizations sell their mailing lists
All organizations that you are affiliated with sell their mailing lists. 

Was Keynes also right when he warned against excessive saving?
He might have been right, because of the fact that saving too much could hurt the economy.

Soon she's bopping in the door.
She rarely has much energy upon entry.

Today it welcomes tourists, in large numbers.
This place has a tourism orientated economy, with so many tourists.

Just 10 km (6 miles) east of Chantilly is the town of Senlis, with its imposing Gothic cathedral and handsome 15th- and 16th-century houses, still partly encircled by Gallo-Roman ramparts.
The Gothic cathedral is 10km south of Chantilly.

yeah i think something like the Peace Corps is a bit harsh
Maybe something along the same lines as the Peace Corps perhaps.

uh yeah yes warm rain well of course by the time it gets up here it may run run into a cold front coming down from Canada
Then, all we get is snow, not rain.

and we have i my girlfriend used to uh be in the Navy and she was based uh based in Panama
When we were in the military, she was in Panama. 

So who wins Round Two?
Who lost the last round?

And with 13 percent to 15 percent of the Asian population in the U.S. living below the poverty line, NLS services are badly needed, Dubovitz said.
NLs services are needed for every minority group in America.

but uh so this uh French i guess are into the slapstick i guess so they would like Jerry Lewis yeah
Because the French love slapstick movies, Jerry Lewis is very popular.

Mrs. Inglethorp was lying on the bed, her whole form agitated by violent convulsions, in one of which she must have overturned the table beside her. 
Mrs. Inglethorp needed a doctor. 

right yeah that would okay thank you uh okay thank you you too um-hum
I want to Thank everyone. It means a lot to me.

To Scotland."
Scotland is to the north.

Yes, said Jon, looking at the big man.
Jon started meanly at the man.

A fundamental finding of this forum was that owner facilities engineering organizations need to identify and retain core competencies-the essential technical and managerial skills that cannot be outsourced without serious risk to an organization's ability to conceive and acquire necessary facilities.
Owner facilities engineering organizations must identify core competencies of the staff.

Wouldn't you just as soon go undetected, as you have since the beginning of time?
You are very good at hiding.

A little way from Askham village is Lowther Park.
You can take a bus ride to Askham village.

But why assume gamblers are being fooled?
Why assume casinos are tricking gamblers?

yeah do you think the verdict should be completely unanimous by the jury
The verdict should be unanimous because it would be fair, right?

And if your men didn't bring it in here, then Kirby or his friend must have.
Are you guys sure you didn't bring it in here?

The technophobic  This is what we get for relying on gadgets.
You should rely on adgets when you are studying electronics.

is that for like gym classes for PE classes and things like that
Are the roller blades for physical education classes?

Ben Franklin was never President.'
Ben still had a large public following.

In 1409, under a new directive from Emperor Chu Ti to pursue trade in the South Seas and the Indian Ocean, a Chinese fleet of 50 ships headed by Admiral Cheng Ho called in at Melaka.
A Chinese fleet of 50 ships were headed by Admiral Cheng Ho and were lost at sea.

It lost its empire in America and the Pacific, and then in 1923 suffered a humiliating defeat in Morocco at the hands of local rebels.
The local rebels won due to its lack of military power in the region.

and um and i don't i don't have one but i have to use them like during especially during my undergrad
I had to use that type of calculator while studying mathematics for my undergrad degree. 

They ate and then they rode, taking a rest at the hottest parts of the day when the huge red sun hung bloated in the orange sky.
As they crossed Death Valley then needed to travel at night avoiding the heat of the day.

Johnson is a justice on California's Second District Court of Appeal.
Johnson is well liked and respected by his peers.

And then, of course, there was the New York Times , that old mainstay of psychotic delusion--Nash thought aliens were sending him encrypted messages through its pages (come to think of it, that could explain the Times ' odd prose).
Little did they suspect, aliens really were sending coded messages to their contacts on earth.

I'm sorry, but the only earnings that count come from the audience.
All other money is not counted when tallying.

How do you know if your daughter is on steroids?
How do you know if your strong daughter is actually abusing steroids?

Connoisseurs of traffic jams will appreciate the nightmarish rush hour along this busy street.
The road is lined with street vendors that restrict traffic.

And yet she is on the point of betraying Mr. Brown, and she dies.
If she hadn't died, she was going to betray Mr. Brown in the morning. 

and of course that's changing too but you know i think and that came about because of the women you know Mothers Against Drunk Driving MADD
I think that the MADD helped to see the that change implemented.

probably yeah and in Dallas you know we had the uh Annette Strauss and she's a uh first woman mayor so
Dallas had the first female mayor, and she was one of the best mayors ever.

The latter nodded. 
They were the last one to nod.

Before buying anthuriums or other flowers, check your re-entry regulations at home.
Anthuriums are considered an invasive species by other countries.

The story of a white missionary family in the Congo, the novel is praised for its attention to detail, female voices, and critical take on colonialism.
The novel is about a white missionary family in the Congo, and has been appreciated both by the public and the critics- they are planning to make a film on it.

It's also the route taken by patriotic, civic, and religious processions, most notably the Hogueras de San Juan parade held every June.
All along the route lie food stands and water stations for the hungry and thirsty.

Hida Minzoku-Mura is a fascinating open-air museum of authentic old farmhouses from the region, most of them rescued from an area flooded by nearby Mihoro Dam.
The museum shows all the farmhouses that survived the flood.

We know all that.
We know all that about her.

yeah that was uh i'm i'm really wondering whether that's going it settle down or not because
There are things I'm working on to settle the matter.

Then Bauer hit Bush for not adhering to conservative values, being clandestinely pro-abortion, and assorted other sins.
Bush had been criticized by Bauer many times, and his current line of attack regarding conservative values was no exception.

not very much they
Not very much money.

Overall, the U.S. economy added more than 45 million jobs.
Most of the jobs are looking for trash collectors.

Phil Knight, CEO of Nike, forced by inclement weather to abandon his attempt to become the first man to circumnavigate the globe riding on the back of an 11-year-old Indonesian girl.
Phil Knight is the worst CEO that Nike has ever had.

But he got no pleasure from it.
It was a degrading task. 

They conclude that, under some circumstances, saving should actually decline slightly in response to population aging.
They conclude that savings will decline because of withdraws by retired people. 

In an effort to appear to be earning her money, Wolf called this being an alpha male, but it was basically spitting, cursing, and ball-scratching.
Wolf behaved as an alpha male. 

and we'd try we'd try to say didn't you bring any pants or anything we're we're out here in the warehouse you know you you got your skid of you know that wooden pallet of boxes and you're gonna have to unload unload your skids look at the documents in the in the boxes and then repack your skid
We tried to say you were too drunk to bring pants.

A walk around the terrace beside the mosque, which affords a fine view across the Golden Horn, will give you some idea of the huge size of the complex.
The complex makes up the biggest part of the city.

The islands did not become part of Greece until 1947.
Prior to this, the islands governed themselves.

Most boards have historically spent most of their time on this role.
The role is extremely time consuming.

You view it from an aedicule (a highly decorated, though very sombre, kiosk) holding six people at a time.
It is visible from an aedicule that can hold up to six adults or eight children at once.

Drop me in the park, will you? 
Drop me from a high rise building in the park, okay? 

Walk to Kepuhi Beach, drive to 3-mile-long Papohaku Beach.
You can walk to Kepuhi Beach in just a few minutes.

14Budget  July 2000 Update of GAO's Long-Term Fiscal Simulations (GAO/AIMD-00-272R, July 26, 2000).
The update was very satisfactory for customers.

Giorgio de Chirico and Eduardo de Pisis are among the more important 20th-century painters exhibited.
Giorgio de Chirico has more paintings featured than Eduardo de Pisis.

He got me away from the bar and told me the beauteous blonde was a guy.
After being told the beautiful blonde was a man I decided to continue talking to him since I was interested.

It does not permit me to work before 11 a.m."
Working start and stop times are clearly defined.  

It is this question which, for me, limits media credibility more than any other.
The question on interview bias had ramification for media credibility.

Nobody can make a precise estimate, but a guess is that without Maastricht, France might have an unemployment rate of 10 percent or 11 percent.
France's unemployment rate without Maastricht would be 10.5%

Ireland is the world's second-largest software exporter, Barcelona is a center for e-startups, and Strasbourg is sprouting biotech firms.
Ireland is attractive for software companies because of its tax laws.

yeah yeah some of the tunes used to you know you felt like you needed to go out and do something about it
Some of the tunes really had compelling lyrics.

are you are you how about that well we're all lots of people from TI up this way
There are a lot of people from TI.

During these challenging times, CPAs must look to what we share in common and how we can help to create the future of our profession.
CPAs have all been eager to band together during these hard times.

because i'm Chapter One and all i do is teach reading all day long
I teach reading to different grades each day.

That is exactly what I thought. 
I knew it for a long time.

For entertainment on a more intimate scale, Eilat stages a Bedouin Evening (see page 92).
Bedouin Evening by Eliat is only for adults.

One reason, I think, was a giddy feeling in the late '70s that the End was Nigh, so everything was permitted and there was no reason to compete.
All drugs were allowed in the 1970's.

The amount of debt that is canceled (including the amount of capitalized interest that is canceled, if any) is a gain to the entity whose debt is canceled and a loss to Treasury (or other agency).
As a general rule, agencies hate to cancel any form of debt.

that's what i'm saying you know i i think it's great that women have a choice today
I think it's great that right now women have the option to abort

The witch approached the demon, a black clay bowl in one hand and her wicked knife in the other.
The witch gave gifts to the demon.

mine well yeah well we got um a lot of uh European dishes well we got we got what some people call the best beef in the world
Personally, I think I've eaten better beef in South America.

Foreigners wanted not only to stop investing in Korea but also to get their money out.
Korea is having a hard time getting investments from foreigners because of their current political crisis.

5 shows how the estimates of software size can be tracked over time.
It is very simple to track software over time.

Or didn't your world have any sciences, Dave Hanson?"  Either the five months under his uncle had toughened him, or the sight of the bulldozer falling had knocked him beyond any strong reaction.
The terrible things he'd seen with his uncle had made him less sensitive.

yeah i don't either i can't convert them i'm hope
I have to learn how to convert them.

because they got too much at stake
They have far too much to lose to gamble it.

The lag adjustment distributes the mortality incidence over five years (25 percent in each of the first two years, and 17 percent for each of the remaining years) and discounts mortality benefits over this period at a rate of three percent.
The lag adjustment correctly compensates for mortality benefits.

Reviewers focus on Garment's past as a clarinetist, on Nixon's insecurities, and on the unlikely friendship between the anti-Semite and the  Count Metternich, meet Woody Allen (Thomas DeFrank, the Washington Post).
Count Metternich and Woody Allen met in Austria at Nixon's behest.

This will also create substantial cost savings to consumers.
This will save the consumers $50,000.

i'm a TI employee and and and uh i'm i'm really gung ho for it in fact
I've been a TI employee since 2013

um i never did i always tried to understand things not tried to memorize
Most people never tried to understand things, but I always did. 

It warns that Mayor Giuliani's proposed pay freeze could destroy the NYPD's new esprit de corps.
The freeze is proposed to stop increasing taxes.

He cautioned that not every study has to be a clinical trial focused on outcomes.
He cautioned me just yesterday that not all the trials need to focus on outcomes.

and resale value is really important to me
Resale value is important to me when buying a house or car

uh yeah he's probably about forty years old now i saw him probably seven years ago on Johnny Carson Show
He's probably about forty years of age by now.

um yeah well there was a interesting cartoon in the editorial the other day it was a there was a picture of a shop keeper with this really mean look on his face and empty shelves in back of him and a little rat and a couple of spider webs and
There are always cartooons featured in editorials.

uh you know soon next end of next month the pools are open the outdoor pools only open over the summer
Outdoor pools only open during the summer because it's too expensive to heat them at other times of the year.

Part of the torrent has moved into the local property market, raising prices by as much as 50 percent for prime residential blocks in the first half of this year.
This trend of price increasing is expected to continue in the second half of the year.

This is part of the unrelenting psyche of the place.
There are many parts to the place with different ambiences.

Inside was a small folded sheet of paper.
The small sheet of paper was colored a bright yellow.

The water cascades 50 m (164 ft) over three major falls and has formed two large pools as well as a small cave system at the base of the second drop.
The pools at the bottom of 2 of the falls are constantly churning from the large amount of water pouring down the 50 m (164 ft) drop.

Because events that should drive key decisions, such as critical design reviews, interim progress reviews, and production decision reviews, are based on inadequate design and manufacturing knowledge, they do not support decisions to invest more and move to the next phase of the acquisition process.
They would need to donate millions of dollars to the process if they supported it.

oh really so they have no i didn't realize they had no state tax in Texas
I wasn't aware that Texans didnt' pay income tax.

uh they're nice though i i like them i'm still negotiating i'm trying to get a couple of them for myself
She really wanted those new air fresheners.

I would have been too shy, or buttoned down, to take that young girl's hand, and I would have been too absorbed with trivia to appreciate the things that made me so happy a few weeks ago.
The stress I was under made me forget about what made me happy.

oh really uh-huh oh tofu
Tofu is a product of soy bean paste.

yeah it worked out real good
While it had a tumultuous beginning, things worked out in the end.

Virtually all the cultural imagery pertaining to Westchester dates from the 1950s, The Man in the Gray Flannel Suit era, and is now out of date.
Is now old the cultural imagery pertaining to Westchester from the 1950, but nobody realizes that.

oh there's one team that i out and out hate and that's the Bears
i absolutely can't stand the Bears since they personally offended me once

This is the resentful perception so many mainstream feminists seem stuck in today.
The feminists that seem stuck in this perception are all older than 40. 

oh i see um-hum well very good and i think we've probably know know each other's exercise habits and um it was nice talking to you
"We are most likely familiar with each other's exercise and eating habits."

After allied district chiefs had repelled assaults from Thai-controlled armies from Pahang, Tun Perak personally led a famous victory over a Thai fleet off Batu Pahat in 1456.
Tun Perak was celebrated and respected for his victory over the Thai-controlled armies from Pahang.

Go through the pavilion to the Daulat Khana (Abode of Fortune) on the south side of the courtyard, a palace of which the most striking feature is the Hindu nature of its carved pedestals with stylized elephant heads as capitals and sculpted stone screens.
The Hindus like to carve elephants in their buildings.

How about that?
Will that living arrangement work for you?

Her gaze moved from him to his companions.
She stared at all of them for a minute.

Lastly, revenue and spending related to Puerto Rico, the Virgin Islands, and other U.S. territories are counted in the federal unified budget but not in NIPA.
The federal unified budget also shows the revenue of Chicago.

He fell away, teeth chattering and limbs shaking as blood squirted from the hole in his head.
The man had just been shot with a sniper rifle. 

4 million in annual state funding for civil legal services - nearly half of the state's yearly contribution to legal services programs statewide.
The rest of the funding is equally distributed among the other types of legal services.

He will also visit Omagh.
He will visit Omagh on Tuesday.

Red turned a carefully blank face to his father.
He did not want to give away how much this hurt.

you know if you if you're walking ten miles you know seven days a week maybe that uh has some effect but uh i think if you're not walking how many just out of curiosity how many miles do you usually walk
Talking 10 miles every day has an effect on you, so I don't recommend it.

53 Patients with substance abuse disorders may face stigmatization and other potentially serious consequences if screening results are not protected.
Patients with substance abuse disorders often suffer from stigmatization.

He enrolled at the Dallas Conservatory of Music, and sang Gilbert and Sullivan in New York City opera houses before perceiving that there was a market in hillbilly songs.
He enrolled at the Dallas Conservatory of Music because he was considered a career as a composer.

oh that'll that'll sound wonderful won't it
That sounds better than last time, doesn't it?

Physicians will unionize against managed care.
Doctors don't like managed care.

oh yeah yeah i was buying from other dealers and uh you know they take payment any way they can get it
It was very inconvenient, I felt like I was being bled dry. 

The Arc de Triomphe was conceived by Napoleon I as a tribute to his armies, and bears the names of hundreds of his marshals and generals, and dozens of victories.
There are more marshals than generals named on the Arc de Triomphe.

Resources expended in supporting efforts such as community legal education, outreach, state planning and resource development also would not be factored into the program's cost-per-case.
 Resources expended in supporting efforts such as giving food to homeless people

We also suggest a small selection of holiday resorts and excursions on Napoleon's wild and beautiful island of Corsica.
There are many resorts in the area rated at four stars.

Many Moorish place names also survive, including that of Fatima, the pre-eminent Catholic site in Portugal.
Portugal has been known to be a heavily religious place.

The battle started last summer when prodigal mogul Mike Ovitz rode back into town, founded AMG, and proclaimed his intention to reinvent the architecture of the industry.
The battle will last for as long as Ovitz lives.

yeah the yeah the family well it was with all of them but it was uh more an impact i think on the oldest two
Something so serious could end up breaking the family apart.

How do you describe the ideology of people trying to decide whether they want Pat Buchanan or Warren Beatty to be president?
What exactly is the ideology of people who feel they need to decide between these two idiots for president?

their durability is a lot better i understand than most other vans
Most other cars can't sustain the way this car can. 

that's great are you teaching Computer Science what you said what were you saying you were teaching there
It is great that you have decided to teach.

Observers debated whether the Golden Globes were the Oscars' 1) more genuine and enjoyable counterpart
Observers discussed how the Golden Globes and the Oscars compared.

(The TV show, it must be said, is far less interesting and sophisticated than the games.)
The TV show has very poor ratings and is at risk of being cancelled.

No one knows whether even one of the initiatives can pass.
The initiatives were controversial so no one knew if they would pass.

because that typically is very otherwise i can't imagine it
It's hard to fathom any other outcome.

right that's right yeah they probably couldn't do anything monetary but i think giving giving some kind of college credit
You just have to double check with the finance department.

um-hum uh-huh i've never heard of that uh-huh
I've never heard of that science

In 1723 Louis XV of France ordered three arabica coffee plants to be sent from Yemen to the French island of Martinique, which lies farther south.
The result of the arabica coffee plants being sent to Martinique was the island becoming a coffee haven.

I have drawn certain conclusions ”yes. Summerhaye was still looking rather sceptical, but Japp continued his scrutiny of Poirot. 
Summerhaye was unable to trust everything. 

Fantasy basketball, baseball, and football leagues are thriving on SportsLine, SportsZone, and the Sporting News . At least half-a-dozen sites, including all the major ones, hosted free online tournament pools.
The websites that offer free tournament pools offer paid pools as well.

Forty or so Sticks on each side, west and east, cutting north.
There were Sticks marching towards the village.

Poirot had opened the door, and meeting her agonized eyes had nodded gently. 
Poirot realised that she was in agony the instant he saw her face after opening the door.

Her skin bubbled and smoked.
Her skin all burned off.

The Commission has not been able to discern any congressional purpose that would be served by tying the right to representation on movements that have no effect on either the alien's lawful immigration status or her legal right to pursue her claim in U.S. courts.
The Commission has a board with five female members.

2-R, Mandatory Procedures for Major Defense Acquisition Programs (MDAPS) and Major Automated Information System (MAIS) Acquisition Programs (Apr.
MAIS is covered more in 2-R.

no no because if you go back there then you can never get out
There is a rule that condemns you to staying there for one year if you return.

You know, Monsieur Poirot, that you have carte blanche in every way.
You know, Monsieur Poirot, that you could leave, if you wanted to?

The views climbing up the steep, narrow road are breathtaking.
Experts don't recommend climbing this road if you're out of shape.

They walked in silence to the creek.
They held hands as they walked to the creek.

At 33 cents a pop, I make that to be just short of 50 billion pieces of mail.
The company earns many billions of dollars from mail.

His legal instincts are too strong.
His legal instincts are equal to mine.

It's a space-ship.
It's a spaceshp that just landed.

The disastrous Democratic Convention, however, left McGovern a then record-setting 23 points in the hole.
McGovern's 23 point deficit was, for all intents and purposes, the end for him.

My evening was utterly and entirely spoilt by the presence of Dr. 
The doctor delivered tragic news. 

I believed to the very core of my soul that the human race was on the brink of a new era in which intolerance and bigotry and prejudice would no longer exist.
But I was wrong, I was wrong about everything.

we're going to be looking for a stud for this one pretty soon
It's hard to find the right one. 

She smiled as if she liked what she saw of this brown-faced stranger with quiet, disciplined features and eyes older than his years.
The man of hispanic descent had quiet and disciplined features. 

For tourists at Pointe-du-Bout it's worth taking the 20-minute ferry ride to the capital to investigate prices there before shopping at the resort hotel boutiques.
Often the capital markets are cheaper than the hotel boutiques.

i that would have been stupid and i don't and i don't think we did it everything else we handled in this seemed to be perfectly right i don't think they would have done that
I don't see any other way we could have handled that.

uh because the average person doesn't get to see enough of the entire floor to see a play get uh develop develop and so uh uh i don't usually watch them i'll listen to baseball and i'll listen to uh like the Indianapolis Five Hundred i would not go and face all those crowds for anything in the world
The average person doesn't get to see much of the whole floor during a basketball game.

Situated 88 km (55 miles) southwest of Paris by the A11 or N10, or by train from Gare Montparnasse.
You can rent a car in Paris and drive or catch a luxury train coach at Gare Montparnass and take a relaxing journey.

What do you think the chances are that your sister-in-law lives near the fellow who wrote the previous letter?
How good of a chance do you think there is that your brother's wife lives next to the man who wrote the other letter? 

I'm not quite easy in my mind about the souffle, explained the other.
I'm not sure there souffle will be enough.

yeah no huh-uh especially
I do not want it that way.  

We already conduct exit conferences and, following the Yellow Book and Communications Manual, submit draft reports for agency comments.
We conduct exit conferences and then submit a report to the FTC.

The collection also includes important paintings by Rubens, Frans Hals, Veronese, Konrad Witz, and Martin Schongauer.
There is only one painting by Frans Hals in the collection.

PR  Gates is visiting Washington this week for schmoozing and a Senate hearing.
PR Gates will stay in Washington for three days.

Concealed in the courtyard between them is a Gothic masterpiece, the Sainte-Chapelle, whose fine proportions stand in sharp contrast to the ponderous palace.
The palace is considered to be a gigantic, ugly, white elephant of a building. 

The Italian Army was the least well prepared of the combatants, lacking artillery, machine guns, trucks, and properly trained officers, but the infantry showed remarkable courage in the trenches.
The Italian soldiers proved to be very patriotic and brave, even when they realized they would lose.

As you reach the Atlantic coast, you'll become almost engulfed in vast groves of banana trees, with bunches hanging temptingly close to the road.
As you reach the Atlantic coast, you will find some of the best tasting bananas.

In classically narrow, zigzagging lanes designed to hinder surprise attack, the houses, today still inhabited by the Satsuma warriors' descendants, offer the rare opportunity to visit some exquisite private gardens, otherwise carefully concealed behind tall hedges.
The houses have ponds and archways in the backyards.

With balmy trade winds, infrequent squalls, and flowing sea currents, the FWI and nearby Antilles are ideal for a day, a week, or a month under sail.
No boat has sunk in this area for 5 years.

As he cultivates the impression that he is standing on his convictions in the partial-birth abortion fight, Rick Santorum is in reality doing just the opposite.
Rick Santorum's is intentionally and knowingly cultivating the impression that he supports the fight against partial-birth abortions. 

The legislative history contains no evidence that Congress intended LSC representation of legal permanent residents and other aliens to turn on the accident of where an alien happened to be at the moment the cause of action arose or the litigation commenced, or to require the alien to be continuously physically present throughout the course of representation.
Aliens may have had issues with litigation.

The a whopping one billion dollars.
The budget for the schools is a billion dollars!

Economists agree.
Economists happily agree.

okay and then you just got lucky again right
You got a lucky break with that job again, right.

So I knew Browder as a somewhat gloomy but kind old gent who took a daily constitutional up the block to Nassau street, where he would buy me and Julie a package of Hostess cupcakes--the orange-flavored ones, with icing squiggles on top.
Browder was our friend for several years, and we never had any conflicts.

yeah  they probably hey i ought to go looking through some of my old mail
I suspect I'll find exactly what I'm looking for in my inbox.

2.8 A performance audit is an objective and systematic examination of evidence to provide an independent assessment of the performance and management of a program against objective criteria or an assessment of best practices and other information.
They wanted to keep doing what was best for the agencies.

The record before the Commission establishes that permanent residents and other aliens frequently leave the United States to visit spouses and children, to address family problems, and to survive during long periods of unemployment in the United States.
Aliens might be encouraged to remain in the United States if their families could more easily join them.

Sersa Garm was impressed by the discoveries, and went off to suck his thumbs and brood over the new knowledge, much to Dave's relief.
Sersa Garm was impressed and surprised.

As George Will put it last week, the contempt of court citation against Clinton for falsely denying his affair with Monica Lewinsky is a timely reminder of the mendacity that drenches his presidency, including his Balkan policy.
George Will commented on policies enacted by Clinton beyond his Balkan policy. 

'I don't get to be Natalia again until you're dead.'
I want you to die so I can become Natalia again. 

If Puerto Rico does consider statehood, language will certainly be an issue.
Once Puerto Rico has statehood, the language issues can be worked out afterwards.

'They see your extra forces.'
They see you have brought many more soldiers.

The second thing is getting in there, digging so hard so that they understand completely and exactly what the facts are.
Digging hard to find the facts includes knowing why a business might want to break the law.

yes quite a quite a bit but you know in the movie the guy was black
The main actor in the movie was black. 

That's indoctri-friggin-nation for ya!
Most people in America are indoctrinated into a materialistic society.

right yeah yeah last year we thought some were dead and finally they started leafing out again at the bottom so we just cut them way back and and was able to save them but this year they look even worse
They will start leafing at the bottom.

In addition, the annual report is to include (1) an independent financial audit, (2) applicable financial and performance requirements under the Chief Financial Officers Act and the Results Act, (3) the results achieved by the Office relative to its goals, (4) an evaluation of the Chief Operating Officer's performance, (5) recommendations for legislative and regulatory changes to improve service and program integrity, and (6) other information as detailed by the Director of the Office of Management and Budget.
The annual report includes an independent financial audit of all transactions.

Although the Communist Party episode is one of Morris' most oft-mentioned scoops, he didn't even have it first.
Morris is known to be in many episodes.

In order to participate in the rulemaking process, the public must first be aware that agencies are considering rules that could affect their interests.
The public has to know that the agencies might do something that goes against their best interests in defending themselves in court.

The American Spectator piece led directly to Paula Jones.
She knew what she was doing with the piece.

I had risen when Cynthia did, John was close by me. 
Me and Cynthia woke up just in time to make it to church. 

Automated environments naturally require various levels of access in order to permit data entry, appropriate data manipulation (i.e.
Automated environments naturally are hard to maintain

Graciously, it remains dormant for the sake of the hundreds of thousands of visitors who come every year to climb to the summit.
Most visitors come for the exercise rather than the aesthetics of the peak.

The object is to play against the dealer (house) to get as close to 21 as possible without busting (going over 21).
You try to get close to 21 with your cards but you aren't allowed to go over.

 "Well, it might've.
It did not.

At the tip of the Palisadoes is Port Royal.
There are many tourist attractions to visit at Port Royal.

The TRI's basic purpose is to inform the public of chemical hazards in their areas which in turn permits communities to respond to chemical spills and other emergencies.
Ever since 1958, the TRI has had the responsibility of notifying the public of any chemical hazards that exist in the area. 

His first official letter (a two sentence payment due notice) he had been writing with the help of a spontaneously gathered by him 'Special Team' consisting of ucja and Maurycy for a whole week and a half.
His first formal letter was a two sentence payment due notice along with the bill.

He rejects confrontation.
He dislikes confrontation and fights. 

I already sent Greyfeather back to tell the Old Man th' kid's hurt an' up here.
The Old Man will be surprised to hear about the kid.

Genoa sided with the Spanish to give Emperor Charles V access, via Milan, to his German territories, and later became a lucrative clearinghouse for Spain's newly discovered American silver.
American silver found by Spain in the 1600's was a very lucrative business.

and have you been reading him a long time or
Is he your favorite to read?

The wines and seafood are good and abundant, and there's plenty for families with children to do.
The wine offered to the tourist are is bright and bubbly, almost as light as champagne. 

There was a man who would unerringly ferret out Tuppence's whereabouts.
He'd known Tuppence during her younger years.

OPP also organized a peer review of the Veterans Consortium Pro Bono Program.
Veterans enjoyed their participation in consortium pro bono.

I'll go and I'll confess.
I will confess to the murder.

i'm about two hours north east of Pittsburgh
I can arrive in Pittsburg by traveling south west for two hours

Increasingly, shops also stay open during lunchtime.
Their operating hours are typically 9 am to 4 pm.

Although ancient Alexandria sank into the sea, the city continued to flourish as a trading port.
Alexandria was the spice trading capital of the ancient world.

-- Honoring the Association's historic financial commitment to the Philadelphia Volunteers for the Indigent Program (VIP) and raising more money to increase financial support for pro bono through the Philadelphia Bar Foundation.
Philadelphia has an excellent program that provides legal support for poor people.

and they don't allow uh any sweat any sweat shirts or t shirts that might have vulgar or you know anything like that on it but
There are children around, so vulgarness shouldn't be on clothes. 

Cynthia smiled too. 
Cynthia was frowning inside.  

Only Monday Night Football was in both groups' top 10.
Sunday night football was in one groups' top 10.

The Constitution requires only that a senator when elected, be an inhabitant of that state for which he shall be chosen.
The Constitution requires senators to live in the state they are elected from for at least a year prior to the election.

I was only ragging you! 
I was trying to insult you.

Many commentators seem surprised at the persistence of Issue 3, the continuing Paula Jones saga.
Commentators love the Paula Jones case.

Nicholas von Hoffman in the Los Angeles Times says Horowitz wastes much too much space ...
Von Hoffman wrote about Horowitz, saying he was the worst politician in Congress.

I think the gifted young detectives must get to work, study the entrances and exits, and tap the bumps on their foreheads until the solution of the mystery dawns on them.
The entrances and exits had signs of a struggle around both of them.

okay well good luck to the Rangers this season  see if they can pull one out
Good luck to the Rangers, they have a great chance to win.

I have a theory  "
I have a theory about the missing treasure. 

Under the AEO 2001 advanced technology characterization, scenario B assumes that a large number of technologies have earlier availability, lower costs, and/or higher efficiencies.
Scenario B has significant cost savings over scenario A.

i really don't know well maybe some other genius can figure this out
I have no idea, I wish I knew.

i know i i've been seeing all these weird things they send in and uh i says gee i ought to get that
They send in some weird things and I think I need to get them but they are expensive.

that might be i don't know yep
I'm certain of it.

well what they what they say they try to do is to get the kids um early and young and what we have here in Burlington which
They say they try to get to the kids early on when they are young because they ;earn more easily.

Back on the Grand Canal Longhena's exuberant Baroque Ca' Pesaro is now the town's Modern Art Gallery, devoted principally to a small but impressive collection of purchases from the Venice Biennale exhibitions.
The Ca' Pesaro was converted to an art gallery in the late 1960s.

These changes propose revision throughout the entire set of standards except for the second general standard, independence, which is being revised separately.
Revision is proposed by these changes, with an exception, said the lawyer.

Six years later he besieged Vienna for 24 days (unsuccessfully) before going on to take most of Hungary.
Vienna had strong walls and a lasting supply of food to survive the siege.

uh true but uh uh uh without it people wouldn't be able to own automobiles or they wouldn't be able to own a house
Without MasterCard, people wouldn't be able to own automobiles

They were slaved to each other only by economic necessity.
They were bound together and hated each other more each day. 

In postal parlance, we would say that the discount equals 100 percent of the cost avoidance at the margin, or that the passthrough of the avoidance is 100 percent.
Passthrough in regards to avoidance is 100 percent, or complete.

Lico likes to be recognized as a biker, but I'm sure he's very happy and proud to be assigned to anything by the president, Viramontes said. 
Lico would be proud of any role the president offered him.

The Commission determined that the rule contains no information collection requirements subject to the Act.
The Commision was able to determine that through a very thorough analysis.

She, too, has various aspects.
The aspects she has have been refined over time. 

This is the fourth rulemaking action which EPA has undertaken to implement the requirement contained in Section 211(l) of the Clean Air Act Amendments of 1990.
The requirements will be implemented.

 Israeli art, and particularly modern art, is of a very high standard.
Israeli art is of a high standard because the artists are very well educated.

Doodlehead
Scatterbrain. 

That way they will know that was the gift you wanted to give them.
It is too bad the gift you wanted to give them was sold out.

In particular, he has spoken of Salon 's dedication to a mission of exposing important facts.
He has spoken of the dedicated on multiple occasions.

Such decisions, of course, would require the Congress to determine the best approach for carrying out a range of the government's missions and operations, in order to see that non-homeland security activities of these departments are still achieved.
Congress doesn't want to see homeland security activities take place in these departments.

Somehow or other the omnipotent Mr. Brown had seen through his pretensions.
Mr. Brown was staring into his mind.

Be warned that the work is often hard, the conditions spartan, and the financial reward nonexistent; but the satisfaction can be immense.
Many people get frustrated with the hard work, spartan conditions and lack of financial reward.

Contracts should specify how problems are to be identified and reported.
The contract should also specify payment details.

And the Globe is at the forefront of an anti-Oprah Winfrey backlash this week with the story Oprah Revolt!
The people writing for the Globe all hate Oprah WInfrey and her work

Because CNN executives crash so frequently, CNN devotes round-the-clock coverage to   wait, that doesn't quite follow.
CNN devotes round-the-clock coverage because their executives crash very frequently and they are very demanding.

His first effort was the prototype pop hit After The Ball, which, 104 years later, you can still hear every night of the week in the current Broadway revival of Show Boat . Back then, it began earning him $25,000 per week almost immediately, and went on to sell 5 million copies of sheet music.
After The Ball made him $25,000 weekly, starting in 1902.

These included guards, and craftsmen and boat crews with their boats.
They found it easy to work here. 

Seeing us so suddenly must have given her a shock.
The people seen were the grandkids of the person who was shocked. 

Early in this century, the eminent economist Alfred Marshall offered this advice to his  When confronted with an economic problem, first translate into mathematics, then solve the problem, then translate back into English and burn the mathematics.
Alfred Marshall the economist from the 1900's offers advice fro economic problems.

The question isn't Netscape's tracking, it is the tracking of servers that we're describing.
Netscape is tracking servers.

'Remarkable.'
That's the most incredible thing!

It absorbs the tourism neighboring Positano cannot accommodate.
Positano is an extremely popular tourist destination. 

Yes, but who IS Jane Finn? Mr. Carter nodded gravely.
Jane Finn works for me.

Such a policy would displease many black politicians, since it stands to diminish black political representation in the short run.
The policy is disgusting and racist.

The morbidity studies used in the Clear Skies Act benefits analysis may also be subject to many of the uncertainties listed in this section.
However the uncertainties are beneficial to the study.

messing around in your house building things and you know put cabinets up and those kind of things um
The cabinets were made of solid oak.

Rather, the conduct of a government program falls far short of societal expectations for prudent program management.
This Federal program does not live up to the demands of the public in terms of how it is run and how it delivers services.

Butterflies play among the blooms as day-trippers enjoy a picnic or a lakeside walk.
There are bees in the bloom along with the butterflies.

The rules depart from those generally applicable to proposed mail classification changes by reducing the amount of supporting evidence the Postal Service is required to produce, and by expediting the Commission's procedural schedule for considering the particular form of proposed change.
The Commissions's procedural schedule is made more efficient than last year.

18 Statement of Governor Tom Ridge on the Department of Homeland Security to the House Select Committee on Homeland Security, July 15, 2002.
On July 15, 2002, Governor Tom Ridge made a statement.

and they have clubs and a swimming pool so that's nice now i i know the ones where you're really ill we visited a long time ago when she had a grandmother that was in one
We wanted to take a swim at the pool.

In the studies with the freshwater organisms, the water hardness for five of the six laboratories ranged between 36 and 75 mg/L.
Freshwater organisms do not survive well in extremely hard water.

that's right it's too cold up there
It's too cold there in the mountains.

With respect to setting priorities, GAO considers the nature of the requested work in light of Senate and House rules governing the committees, including their appropriation, authorization, budgetary, and oversight jurisdiction over a program or activity.
GAO staff tend to resent the oversight jurisdiction as it relates to the budget.

and yeah and uh i'll i talked to a thirteen year old last night who's uh goes to uh one of the Plano schools high schools or or junior highs i guess and she said that that she had a a choice she could either have taken tennis or weight lifting so she chose to take weight lifting
She wants to be a professional weightlifter and compete at the Olympics.

'Don't.' The word was sharp.
"Don't!" he screamed sharply. 

Merchants thronged to the large cities that were growing up around the castles at Edo (population already 1 million in the 18th century), Osaka (400,000), and Nagoya and Kanazawa (each 100,000) all huge in comparison with European cities of the time.
Merchants thronged to the large cities, because they could sell their wares easily and for higher prices.

Also excellent is Your Jerusalem, a free monthly newspaper which you can pick up in hotels and various tourist haunts.
Every hotel and youth hostel stocks a newspaper called Your Jerusalem.

yeah that's a strange situation you you're a citizen yet you can't vote
Yeah, it's a strange situation that you're a canadian citizen and yet can't vote

The Secretaries have determined that there is good cause under Section 553(b) of the Administrative Procedure Act to not issue a notice of proposed rulemaking because it would be impracticable, unnecessary, or contrary to the public interest.
The proposed rulemaking would make it illegal to wear a hat.

On one side a news agent offers a wide selection of European publications, while in the middle of this pleasant promenade stands an old-fashioned, rousing monument to one of the island's few native sons who was successful in making a mark on Spanish history.
The monument is often vandalized so there is a fence around it for protection.

Poirot did not make his appearance the following morning, and there was no sign of the Scotland Yard men. 
Poirot and the Scotland Yard men returned to London.

And for America Offline ...
The America Offline experience is neither good nor bad.

The Equal Justice Project brought together a very diverse group of individuals including representatives of the low-income client community, social service agencies, government agencies, civil legal services organizations, religious communities, the judiciary, lawyers and cultural organizations to address the need for comprehensive costeffective legal services in the State of Illinois.
Civil legal services organizations proved to have the most valuable insight.

You can question whether that apostasy was necessary, but you cannot claim that it has been a disaster--and you cannot disguise the fact that those who predicted disaster were letting politics and ideology cloud their judgment.
The apostasy wasn't necessary.

A second church, dedicated to the Blessed Virgin, joined it 200 years later.
A second church joined that synod 200 years later.

85 "I made up my mind in a flash.
It was an easy decision.  

Because of Beresford?
Are the broken windows because of Beresford? 

That is true.
He was right, it was true. 

The present crose erected in 1756, is the starting point for many walking tours of the Old Town.
Walking tours of Old Town happen daily on the hour through several organization.

A nation's total output of goods and services, or its GDP, is a function of the hours worked, the capital stock, and total factor productivity.
The capital stock is the greatest contribution to a nation's GDP.

With a population of some three million, Yokohama no longer sits in Tokyo's shadow.
Yokohama was in Tokyo's shadow until the late 1990s.

Unless that emergency is coming towards you at several hundred miles an hour and you don't notice until there's nothing to be done about it... 'Yes, well,' I smiled thinly.
My thin smile was not something I really felt, I wanted to shout and be mad for such a stupid explanation.

The dense undergrowth of their aerial prop roots perform natural land reclamation.
It is important for the land to regenerate itself, as it will often be damaged.

Somalia technically was not a genocide.
Somalia is violent but certainly not a genocide 

The Impact of Pensions and 401(k) Plans on  A Critical Assessment of the State of the Literature, paper prepared for the conference, ERISA After 25  A Framework for Evaluating Pension Reform.
A man wrote the paper.

 "Breaking horses can be brutal, though we don't ride with red spurs on the Range.
Breaking horses is not easy because it involves a lot of hard work.

Unfortunately, he also began to spit out his cream of wheat and throwing the spoon while being fed mashed celery, which should not happen to an adult man from a good family.
The cream of wheat tasted horrible.

As the pre-eminent center of this ancient people, Crete is the main source of information and excavated remains.
Many archeologists come to Crete to see what discoveries might be found.

 Dave looked up obediently.
Dave was an obedient man.

yeah you rediscover rediscover you rediscover it when the kids get old enough to do it yeah
Before they get old enough to try it, you are just too busy all the time to even think about doing it.

From its grassy knolls, enjoy the fine view back over the Colosseum or southward over the great Circus Maximus, where chariot races were held for crowds of up to 200,000.
The record attendance at the Circus Maximus was achieved in the 4th century AD.

Your local Tourist Office will have details of what's taking place during your stay on Crete.
There are numerous festivals held for tourists every year.

In general, reliability growth is the result of an iterative design, build, test, analyze, and fix process.
Reliability growth happens because of iterative design conducted by the architects.

however um you know the bane of our existence these days uh but it does have a word processing program which all of us have used for reports reports and papers and that sort of thing
It has a way to type up good reports and turn them in to your teacher.

However, in either case (material variance or no variance) each employee's T&amp;A record must be approved by the supervisor or comparable official.
Most cases involve no variance, versus a material variance. 

oh they're bulbs for Spring or Fall
The bulbs were never taken down from the neighbor's house after christmas.

The chance is slight, but it must not be neglected.
There is nothing to small to try in this situation.

The Collegiate Church of Saint-Ours is an interesting piece of Roman?­esque it has two steeples at either end of the nave, which is surmounted by two octagonal pyramids in place of a roof.
Other interesting geometrical shapes are part of the Collegiate Church design.

ABC's George Will chimed in, Is this out of character?
George Will generally did not speak, so him chiming in was strange.

they you can't blame just like the man says he can make two five hundred dollars a day for just taking a bag somewhere
He can make one thousand dollars for taking two bags somewhere.

Cracks in the Faaade
Faaade's cracks are in need of repair.

Its construction for the World's Fair of 1889 was an astounding engineering achievement ' 18,000 pieces joined together by 2,500,000 rivets, soaring 300 m (984 ft) into the air but standing on a base that is only 130 m (1,400 ft) square.
The World's Fair of 1889 saw one of the largest attendances in history.

Furthermore, delegating authorities to front-line employees gives managers greater opportunities to concentrate on problems or policy-level issues.
Managers need to be able to focus on customer service problems.

well i can get the filter off just by laying down underneath the car i can't crawl under it the clearance isn't enough but enough to reach under and get the filter off it's not a problem
I typically just take it somewhere to get the oil changed.

The hero is no longer Pip but Finn, who is frolicking in the waves among the gulls when a shackled and bloodied escaped killer (Robert De Niro) erupts from the water and forces him to bring food and drink and a tool for cutting chains.
Finn is happy to be the hero and doesn't mind helping the killer.

I saw Jon.
I saw that Jon was approaching silently.

That was the shadow in the pool.
The shadow of her figure was in the pool.

Adrin didn't move.
Adrin was motionless so no one would see him.

uh the girls joined they have two girls one joined the Girl Scouts and the other was in the Brownies  and then the mother got involved as a leader and then all of a sudden the father was getting involved with  doing nature hikes for them and working with the Girl Scout camp here in Dallas and then going out to  um Betty Perot Camp and working with the horses and stuff and they're gone a lot and they take their girls and they go away for weekends and  in the winter time even you know to do work with the Girl Scouts and i think it's neat
I think it's neat they get to go away for the weekend with theirs girls for Girl Scout camp because they get to escape the crazy world. 

She was so self-sacrificing, such a noble character. 
She was caring and noble.

well i do i enjoy going to the movies and i tell you i've try to there we have a dollar theater i don't know where do are you in Dallas or
I go to the movies every Friday and Saturday.

The car park near Ormathwaite is the best place to start.
Most start at Ormathwaite, but its recently been discovered just how useful a starting space the car park is. 

and now they're contesting that movable bug because they didn't state that they were going to put it in this particular home where this meeting took place so there's a technicality there but they know outright that these people are murderers and whatever else you got and yet they're not going to let that evidence in you know as admissible evidence in court so that has to be looked at too um i don't know who they're protecting they're not protecting the innocent that's for sure
"They're not protecting the innocent because the evidence has not been ruled as admissible in court, though they are trying to enter new evidence."

The rule would not have a significant economic impact on a substantial number of small entities as they are defined in the Regulatory Flexibility Act.
The rule will outlaw many companies causing unemployment.

Thank you. That's all.
Thanks for your help.

As its name implies, this is a giant clown's head on a tutu-clad body.
The clown's name is Bozo and he likes to wear women's clothing.

She gave up trying to make friends with him.
She really admired his strength of character.

Every year it attracts drivers and spectators from around the world.
It attracts drivers from all over the world because the course is so intense.

Government Executive magazine annually presents Government Technology Leadership Awards to recognize federal agencies and state governments for their excellent performance with information technology programs.
The magazine presents an award to federal agencies that help constituents use technology appropriately.

that was in the seventies uh-huh
It was in 1976.

The real outrage is that boxing is barbaric.
Boxing has been losing viewers because it's barbaric.

you need to be you can't just come in off the street is what i'm trying to say
Only some people have the skill naturally.

He said it had that in a drawer in Mr. Hersheimmer's room he had discovered a photograph." The laywer{sic paused, then continued: "I asked him if the photograph bore the name and address of a Californian photographer.
The lawyer was looking for a missing photographer last seen in California.

 "There are wild-horse bands out there, though we're trying to capture or run them off the Range.
The bands can number anywhere from 20 to 4000 horses.

Of course, we both know that the implicit background to these questions was the rumors of Bush's own drug abuse, and in that sense, this larger topic was what your question and the others were about.
There were rumors that Bush did cocaine.  

yeah were were they in any of the areas where they some of the Scuds
Were they in the lands that Scuds, the monsters come from.

France is a large country of infinite variety, so a great many factors come into play as you decide which parts to visit.
It's hard to find the right places to visit in France.

have to see what uh April or May have to offer
April and May will be nicer. 

The court upheld a trial judge's decision to 1) reduce Woodward's conviction from murder to manslaughter in the death of an 8-month-old baby and 2) reduce her prison sentence from 15 years to the 279 days she had already served.
The judge decided to reduce Woodward's conviction because he felt bad for her.

oh well i'll have to be looking for it then
I'm sure I will see it before long.

Viewed from hindsight, Solidarity was critical in establishing the foundations for opposition to Communist rule across Central and Eastern Europe.
Solidarity helped fight Communism, but it wasn't always necessary.

i have three i didn't say i i have three of them yeah two uh i have the girl is the oldest and then two boys
My girl is the oldest but she doesn't talk to me.

grew up for the most part with mothers in the home but again my generation plan of women plans on working and not being at home
My generation can't afford to have women staying home anymore.

She and her husband, Prince Philip, were very much involved in the interior decoration of the ship, choosing the furnishings for what would be their floating home.
She and her husband, Prince Phillip, went for a luxurious, Titantic inspired interior decor for the ship that was to be their new home.

Even in Brazil it appears that fears that a drop in the currency would bring back hyperinflation were unwarranted.
Brazil saw their currency fall quickly after a slow economy.

Enter the Shoguns
The Shoguns were moving quickly.

4Guidance for carrying out reviews of general and application controls is provided in the
The application controls are in place after a resolution was passed.

so i you know i'm not attracted to that at all but um it made a big difference in my life not to have a radio that was a easy access and so now that i do have one i just don't automatically turn it on
I haven't turned on my radio in a month.

'What about doing it in person?' I protested.
I was upset and would rather do it in person.

The New Yorker puzzles over Stern's  His program is pure id--vile, cruel, crude--yet he remains a faithful husband and devoted father.
Stern's programs is perhaps the most popular show of all time.

17 Some observers have declared that the U.S. economy has entered a new era of more rapid economic growth, and it is possible that future growth could be even more robust than CBO's baseline economic projections assume.
17 Some observers have declared that the U.S. economy has entered a new era of more rapid economic growth, including job growth, and it is possible that future growth could be even more robust than CBO's baseline economic projections assume.

What is your remarkable little friend doing? asked a voice behind me, and I turned to find Mary Cavendish at my elbow. 
I have a pet monkey who was doing something at the time of Mary Cavendish's question.

Very occasionally, one wishes that Foster would look up from his table of details and survey the larger literary scene.
Once a month, Foster observes the literary scene.

The sound fades into the distance as the smoke from its muzzle dissipates into the clear air.
The could of smoke from the gun disappears with the sound.

It will provide a stream of information about legal services practice serving the civil justice community well into the future.
Future will be better with the proper management of information.

Let's do it!
This will take significant effort.

restoration to his home i think that was called back because of all the flack they received but but that's the another one of the big examples of why we're in such dilemma
They got a lot of flack for the bad restoration on the home.

yeah i i think that's pretty much what i like is my favorite TV show is Cheers and then after that is uh Night Court but i also i also like Star Trek and that's kind of an adventure i guess you would call it
My all time favorite show is Cheers, followed by Night Court and Star Trek. I used to watch them when I was younger.

Several of the same issues that you address in Fuzzy Logic existed in the music industry in the early '90's.
They did not make the connection themselves.

um there there's some places that are strongly encouraging it then that the city will pick it up that's been one of the arguments here i'm just sitting here looking we've got four bins of glass and plasticine stuff but we have to carry it um some distance and some places um you can sell your uh recyclables and um for example um our church was was collecting newspapers
We intend to sell our glass and plasticine bins at a local recycling plant.

He started slowly back to the bunkhouse.
He was reluctant to go back to the bunkhouse.

The Save the Social Security Surpluses simulation is not sustainable, but it is useful for illustrative purposes.
The simulation went on for two weeks and is useful for illustrative purposes in magazines.

i know they get cheaper but i don't know  uh-huh
They become less expensive the older they are.

Then again nobody attending an open house to discuss legal aid funding and service issues in the state knew exactly what Thomas A. Balmer went through to give a speech on the subject.
Thomas A. Balmer studied for thousands of hours in preparation for his speech.

Last October, more than 1,000 religious leaders from various faiths gathered with scholars at Harvard University for a conference on environmentalism . The Los Angeles Times described the conference as the most visible manifestation of a rapprochement between religion and environmentalism.
1,000 religious leaders spoke out against climate change.

yes are they going to move to uh Mexico
They have lived in Mexico before.

Tripp has spent 26 years in this cocoon, which will enable her to retire on a handsome pension, based on the average of her three highest consecutive years of pay.
The highest consecutive years pay is 92 thousand dollars, annually.

The Clinger-Cohen Act also streamlines the IT acquisition process by eliminating the General Services Administrationas central acquisition authority, placing procurement responsibility directly with federal agencies, and encouraging the adoption of smaller, modular IT acquisition projects.
The Clinger-Cohen Act points out the disadvantages of big IT acquisition projects.

However, given that a large portion of business saving is used to replace capital goods worn out or used in the production process, business saving net of depreciation is a smaller share-about 47 percent-of net national saving.
Business saving is used for other things besides replacing capital goods.

No wonder, then, that right-wingers think of PBS as liberal and lefties regard it as a corporate/conservative tool.
Reality has a known liberal bias and that's why PBS appears so.

However, engineering and project management labor are also needed for the project.
Besides engineering and project management labor being needed in the project, construction labor was needed too.

Farrakhan is always circumspect in the first act.
Farrakhan is the most circumspect character.

case that involved oh a couple thousand dollars i think it was
Besides a couple thousand dollars, the case also involved a murder.

oh yeah it's it's it's nothing like that it's like living in the hotel i mean she's totally on her own
She's totally on her own with her dog.

says Norm Dicks of Washington, swallowing his words.
Norm's stance on climate change has flipped with his most recent statement.

how you doing
Are you doing well?

The tensions between, say, competition and compassion, or efficiency and equity, which blighted politics for so long, are sterile quarrels of yesteryear.
Political tension between head and heart has been outlawed for bogging down politics.

The experts leave few real bargains among the old treasures, but it's fun to keep looking.
Most of the items left by the experts are overpriced.

We developed a set of standard income tax questions about which citizens typically would call IRS, obtained IRS agreement on the correct answers to these questions, and then, on a probabilistic sampling basis, called IRS offices around the country to seek help.
The citizens need to get help from the IRS.

It would have been the largest temple in the world at the time, but it was never completed.
It was just completed last year and is now the fifth largest template in the world.

His wife followed him, murmuring something about persuading Mrs. Inglethorp to think better of it. 
Mrs. Inglethorp is his friend.

On the other hand, nerds evoke envy.
But nerds evoke envy too, think of the creator of Facebook.

Everyone knows these troops are trained for combat and can be quickly converted into an invading force.
Canadian troops are trained to convert into an invading force.

i like that
I like that you think that.

uh that go spend all day at work and they want to come home and they want some quiet
There is too much noise at work so they are sick of it when they get home. 

Dr. Hall turned an appealing face to Sir James, who smiled slightly.
Dr. Hall turned a face to Sir James, who found it amusing.

He sits in his kitchen and points to the adjacent room where he was born.
He pointed to the room next to the kitchen which had a large sofa.

Producers fell hard for the schtick, making him the most expensive writer in Hollywood.
Other writers worked with him on their stories.

In The Dustman , wrote Spencer, I try to express something of this wish and need I feel for things to be restored.
The author of The Dustman wanted assistance to help fulfill his wishes and needs.

The average distance between two stops is around 400 meters, and the delivery to the door increases time between two stops.
The stops are usually in city locations

Consider January 1, 1995 price increase for a one ounce First-Class letter from $0.
The price of a first class letter did not increase in January 1995

i mean just pulling them as fast as you can we usually give them to everybody anybody that wants a cucumber can have it but we tried it too where you run it up a fence
We tried to grow cucumbers up a fence.

 In the 19th and early 20th centuries, Spain was both economically weak and politically unstable.
Spain was vulnerable to outside attacks from other countries.

and i find like the the places that i'm going to now um because whenever you find a place that's good other people have already already found the same kind of a place and so sometimes i have to go to this place in uh where i know i have to wait at least fifteen minutes sometimes a half hour
Sometime I do not have to wait at the places I go.

By the final confrontation with her husband, McTeer has so skillfully foreshadowed Nora's transformation that, though it seems bewilderingly abrupt to her, it seems emotionally inevitable to us.
We have a broader view on the events that would occur. 

yeah okay by the way you don't sound like you're from Dallas that's why i didn't think you don't sound you sound like you're from the north that's why i didn't think you were from
I grew up in San Francisco.

incident response after an incident had exposed shortfalls in the company's
We responded immediately following the incident at the company.

Maupassant, for example, signed a manifesto against this vertiginously ridiculous tower, and Verlaine rerouted his journey around Paris in order to avoid seeing it.
The tower was also very expensive to build and many citizens were displeased.

Parish Close Road
A long and winding avenue called Parish Close Road.

It might have had something to do with Chiquita giving $677,000 to the Republican Party in the last campaign cycle or the generous offer by its CEO, Carl Lindner, to let Dole use the company jet.
I convinced Chiquita to give money to the Republican Party.

i mean LA sorry
I didn't mean St. Louis, I meant LA, sorry.

The paper says that one hastily filed suit says that Microsoft is a generic drug maker and another says the company's principal location is Texas.
Of course, this article about Microsoft in the newspaper is false. 

We solicited comments from each of the eleven organizations that we studied.
These organizations were community health clinics.

The quantity, type, and content of audit documentation is a matter of the auditors' professional judgment.
The character of the audit documentation is totally up to the judgement of the auditor, as long as the auditor is certified.

The country villages of Frascati, Grottaferrata, Marino, and Rocca di Papa make delightful stops, not least of all for a cool glass of their white wine, especially during the autumn grape-harvest festivals.
Rocca di Papa's wine is seen as superior to that of Frascati.

oh you know they drink up a gallon
They drink a lot.

OU senior Jennifer Ciganko saluted the return of the Athens decorating tradition.
Cianko was happy the tradition had come back to campus.

right and using makeup and using the
right, and changing their appearance drastically with makeup, and using the

um human factors
Humans are not the biggest factor in our situation.

Yes, she showed them to us. 
Yes, she took the tiem to show us.

Would the prisoner, in the hottest week of a hot summer, be likely to go to a drawer containing winter underclothing. 
The prisoner may be trying to trick us by going to the drawer with winter gear.

Oh! Tommy looked puzzled, and seemed waiting for more.
Tommy did not know what was going on and waited for something to explain what's going on.

The theme of the century's second half was liberation.
Americans man the theme of the second half of the century liberation.

Backpackers may want to go it alone, but most are advised to plan their visit through a tour operator in KL or before they leave for Malaysia.
Backpackers may want to experience it alone for various reasons.

The analysis of delivery costs for France and the U.S. demonstrates that street delivery costs are more heterogeneous in France than in the U.S.
France has a better system for delivering mail than the US.

His humanistic intuitions about the difficulties and possibilities inherent in therapists' struggles with their patients, parents' struggles with their children, a mass society's struggle with its citizens, and the self's struggle with itself were perhaps not profoundly original.
He was inspired by observing the day to day lives of other people. 

The town has a high percentage of Nubians in its population; these people, though fully integrated into Egyptian society, remain proud of their separate cultural identity.
More than 50 percent of the town's population is of Nubian origin. 

Signatory countries will be prohibited from buying chemicals--those with only residual military use that are not banned--from nonsignatory countries.
This ban is intended to be permanent.

so uh you know i i forget from year to year i'm getting too old but the um
I used to know this in my younger days.

One consequence is that the United States needs fewer land-based nukes since it is no longer planning all-out war with Russia.
The nukes were decreased.

I think it is...an enjoyable activity.'
I find the activity of horseback riding enjoyable.

I claim my reward."  "And you shall have it.
Your reward is huge and you'll love it. 

i i'd you know i think that we have a bunch of elderly folks in the country that could use some help and i think that before we expend all our young talent overseas and and helping other countries we ought to perhaps give a little bit of our help to our own folks at home and
There are some elderly people in this country who need help, and after we send all our young talented people overseas to help in other countries they should help our own people afterward. 

In 1762 British forces captured Havana.
Havana was a strategic point for the British forces.

There's your precious private industry.
Your precious private industry is wrong.

i loved it
There was nothing that could have been improved about the experience for me. 

Don't be a cynic.
Don't be a cynic in this particular situation. 

Deductions for mortgage interest on homes $60,270
This is because of increasing population.

5For example, market prices of interest-bearing securities, such as Treasury securities, fluctuate inversely with market interest rates.
The interest rates are declining.

DISCLOSURE -Reporting information in notes or narrative regarded as an integral part of the basic financial statement.
Disclosure is often used in finance to make sure everything is accounted for. 

Off you go back stage, good sir.'
He was ordered to go back stage and clean up.

This report is designed to present information about national saving and its implications for economic growth and retirement security.
National savings reduces inflationary pressures and enhances liquidity in financial markets.

yeah it's it's hard to think though
It can be a struggle to think about.

Decide what you want to see and head for it first, even if it demands that you rush past obvious masterworks.
You should see your favorite works first since time is limited.

yes oh yes no i'm busy right now Steven Steven wants me to do popcorn right now okay
Steven wants to watch the movie and eat popcorn.

FSIS did not identify any other statute or executive order imposing procedural requirements relevant to the rule.
Previous executive orders have imposed procedural requirements. 

The couples who were our friends have been wonderful to me.
The couples that were our friends are friendly to everyone.

You don't think but, say, that's plumb impossible no one could have got in.
Someone on the inside must have done it.

To help you choose a nightlife scene, pick up a copy of Hong Kong Tourist Authority's dining and entertainment guide for listings, or just simply wander through the maze of neon signs and take your pick.
The Hong Kong Tourist Authority's dining and entertainment guide is free.

well we got a lot of barbecue places around around the Dallas area Spring Creek Barbecue that's right in Richardson and it uh i i like the barbecue there um and it it's fairly reasonable you can get um it i mean if if you know you go through the line and and pick up your food
There are many regions in Texas that people like to barbecue.

Among Kaahumanu's many reforms was the banning of prostitution, a ruling which led to pitched battles in whaling ports such as Lahaina.
Some of those fighting were upset because prostitution had sustained the local economy.

You can tour the pyramids on foot, or take a camel or horseback ride between the main sites.
In Egypt, travelling by camel or horseback is a popular tourist attraction.

Agency leaders need to commit their organizations to valuing and investing in their employees by empowering, involving, and providing them the tools to do their best, and by implementing the modern performance management and incentives systems needed to focus employees' efforts on achieving agency missions and goals.
Employees always try their best to perform most efficiently.

I suppose you're right, she said.
She had doubted it at first.

Written material, if provided, will be used to confirm that the critical facts and key information used to formulate GAO's analyses and findings are current, correct, and complete.
The analyses must be current and correct in order to be worthy of use.

you could go in the bathroom at Luby's and take care of it
Luby's had really comfortable bathrooms.

That's because his true focus isn't the end of the epidemic, but lengthening the lives of the already infected.
He'd like to stop the epidemic but found that it makes more sense to try and save the lives of those who already have it.

EPA has resubmitted all eight requests based on reduced reporting and recordkeeping requirements resulting from changed requirements in the final rule.
The EPA wanted to change the final rules to make it easier to save the environment.

Just after he left, a new trauma victim rolled in--a 28-year-old who had been knocked unconscious in a high-speed head-on collision.
Just after he left, a new victim arrived for treatment.

that well it can be it it really kind of depends on on um what they were you know what they were looking for in other words if if in Spring crain training they were looking at all their kids like a lot of them do um then it really doesn't give you any indication but if they were uh playing the people that they're going to play then that might be pretty good indication so you know it's it's it's not a great indication because there have been teams that have just you know come out and just won all kinds of games in Spring craning training and then gone on a you know fourteen game losing streak in the first of the season so
Spring craning training is not a good predictor of how team will perform in the season.

The Food and Drug Administration is sending warnings to thousands of doctors.
The FDA sent thousands of doctors warnings and guidelines

Most often Adrin ended on his back in the dust but a few times he ended on his feet and each time he left a new mark of ash on the Kal's large body.
Adrin usually ended up on the ground after their sparring, but once in a while he ended on his feet after landing a blow on Kal.

 "Sather Fareth spent his life designing this," Ser Perth said proudly.
This is the first time Ser Perth has shown his prideful side.

take a boom a little bit
The boom will help you greatly.

It was quite on the cards that Julius P.
It was on the cards that Julius commited treason.

i well i can go even better than that i've never seen Dallas either
I haven't watched Dallas yet because I don't like scary movies. 

Patient advocates argue that HMOs can't produce the lavish benefits they used to drum up business.
Patient advocates say HMOs can't give the benefits they used to because medical care is so expensive now.

Significant findings and recommendations are those matters that, if not corrected, could affect the results of the auditors' work and users' conclusions about those results.
Significant findings should be immediately reported.

Joe Kennedy's marriage and the alleged affair between Michael Kennedy and a teen-ager.
The alleged affair was a national controversy for many weeks.

Most gains and losses from transferring assets within and between sectors wash out at the national level and may not represent newly available resources for the economy as a whole.
Transferring assets may result in gains or losses of more than 80%.

They become more creative in raising funds for discrimination-based projects.
They become more creative in other fund raising activities.

I reloaded my pistols and found Susan in the tall grasses.
Susan was in the tall grass near the pond. 

Teodoro answered that.
Teodoro had the best response for that.

Having lost the use of his left arm in warding off the machete attack during a robbery attempt, Joseph said he found it increasingly difficult to negotiate the five flights of stairs lugging groceries or laundry on the frequent occasions when the building's elevator was out of order.
Joseph was looking for a ground floor apartment.

Thus, it is partly variable and partly fixed.
Something is equal parts variable and fixed

We came to the dead bodies, and White stripped away their weapons.
White took the guns off the bodies.

With this greater capital intensity, diminishing returns to capital have reduced the return on investment in Japan over the years.
Diminishing returns to capital has been a factor of reduced investment in Asia.

Information on best practices of boards would be useful to help improve board operations, for example in areas of improving communications with management and using external advisors.
Using external advisors is a best practice that is seldom utilized.

The show has also, reports the Post , been protested by the NAACP's Beverly Hills/Hollywood chapter.
The show was protected by NCAAF and UNICEF

In drafting the Corporation's Fiscal Year (FY) 1984 appropriations act, Congress for the first time replaced the language resident of the United States with present in the United States.
This resulted in Fiscal Year being more fair to minorities.

The on-premises bindery repairs and restores old books and manuscripts.
The bindery is sometimes used for new books as well.

i'll try bye
I'll try to do it by tonight.

He felt a pang of pity, and when he forgot he didn't have anything to sit on, he felt down and broke his arm.
He broke his arm for the second time this year.

no i mean it's it's actually there's an interstate
I mean there is an interstate in every city.

hum five and a half pounds  she's uh laying right in front of my keyboard here on the desk right now
She will lay on the desk, on the keyboard, But she doesn't weigh much. It is her way of getting attention, 

By the end of the 1980s, more than 80 percent of Cuban trade was with the USSR, which also provided Cuba with a subsidy of state support worth an estimated US$5 billion annually.
In return for state subsidies, Cuba proved to be a loyal ally to the USSR.

taxes, estate and gift taxes, and customs duties
Taxes and duties are too high.  

5) Handwritten addresses and pieces without Zip Codes are accepted without surcharge.
there are other pieces that may be accepted without surcharge.

'Stage Three is working out how to do it.
We figure out how to win the election in stage 3. 

But no one broached these questions at the hearing.
The questions would have made a difference the outcome of the hearing.

So far, Campbell and Frank have enlisted only 34 co-signers, and the administration shows no signs of paying attention.
The administration might not look like it's paying attention, but it has been keeping tabs of the developments.

Japan is still trying to define its place in a world in which it is constantly accused of being an economic whale but a political minnow just one of the pieces of the puzzle that is modern Japan.
Japan is trying to make a name for itself while building a global economic standing.

Compared with Charles Bronson's, maybe.
Most people's opinion is maybe - if compared with Charles Bronson's. 

you know back just even fifty years ago when people had had financial problems the fir st place they went to was their family and families took care of themselves and um
Families were more closely knit, half a century ago, more than they do today.

He tells for the first time how the selective mechanism for the educated class--the SAT--came to occupy its current dominant role.
The SAT is for people who are headed for college and have college-educated parents.

can be in day care for a few hours a week or my husband if it's you know and and when he's at home can take care of them
We tried to not have them in daycare often to save money.

The picturesque Petit Trianon, where Marie-Antoinette tried to hide from the Revolution, has the allure of a doll's house in comparison with the rest of Versailles.
Marie-Antoinette used to be the Queen of France.

Their direct observations form the primary data source for our report.
Their observations are conclusive and well-founded, so we chose to rely on them.

when you turn sixty five why then you pay the tax on it and the tax is a lot less
When you turn sixty five you pay tax on social security, but it's not much.

Fateh Sagar Lake is reached by boat at the north end of Pichola, but you can also get there by a pleasant drive past the gardens of bougainvillaea and lilac of Lakshmi Vilas Palace.
Fateh Sagar Lake can be reached by boat or by a short drive down a road that smells like a pretty garden.

Yes sir, mumbled Manning. 
Manning mumbled, "Okay, sir", as he shook his head and sighed. 

The door swung open with the same promptness as before.
That door is very efficient.

Some can be matched with places and events in the Gospels; a few are certainly the stuff of legend, mapped out in the 16th century by European Christians who had never been to Jerusalem.
Christians who never visited Jerusalem sometimes invented outlandish tales about the place.

We can bring you fresh provisions for the return journey," said Severn.
Severn said they would bring supplies for the whole village.

I needn't tell the next part, because you know it.
I will not finish the story, since I told you the ending before.

crime is gonna go up as long as the economy stays down
When crime goes up, you can be sure the economy is failing. 

But Miller's career is a testament to the opposite  creative paralysis brought on by early success.
Miller is more creative then than now.

I've had certain theories of my own about this Jane Finn.
I have thought about what this Jane Finn must be like and built an image of her in my mind.

uh-huh you get a get a frost or something hail that's even better
It's even better for the vegetables if you get a frost or hail.

It's not exactly perjury, but the LAT observes that during yesterday's proceedings, Ken Starr sat at the witness table on top of a briefcase, which made him appear taller.
Starr is only 5'1".

I was told there had been a quarrel between my mother and Mr. Inglethorp, and it never occurred to me that such was not really the case."
Mr Inglethorp and my mother were just having a friendly screaming match which was heard by everyone.n

Even the small gnats mourn this passing.
Even though gnats couldn't understand what was going on, they definitely felt it.

I backed up, toward the kitchen counter.
I backed up, stumbling over my dog, toward to kitchen counter.

Social Security reform-depending on the elements of the reform package and the timing of implementation-could foster saving and
One potential option to reform Social Security would be to being producing Soylant brand food.

(1) unique to the signer, (2) under the signer's sole control, and (3) capable of verification.
Verification must be done with SSN.

Wander around the church (13th 15th century) to find some interesting artifacts of local history.
The church has artifacts of local history as well as some of the first statues.

next time you'll have to try a bigger bird
Next time you should buy a medium sized bird.

French-speaking theater lovers can enjoy the classics by Moliare, Racine, or Corneille at the Comedie Franaaise (rue de Richelieu) or avant-garde productions at the Bouffes du Nord (Porte de la Chapelle) and Cartoucherie (Bois de Vincennes).
The Comedie Franaaise also features plays by Tartuffe.

uh yeah we have so far but we we really really haven't of course we really haven't taken on the drug lords yet
They'll be the hardest to eliminate.

Let's watch."
Let's watch what they do.

yeah i think Virginia's got it and i know Maryland does and we just we went to Indianapolis last weekend and back and um i'm pretty sure i saw yeah stuff in Ohio and Indiana Indiana about it and Pennsylvania maybe Pennsylvania i don't remember for sure now
Maryland and Virginia may both have it.

One section had been ripped down by the lash of wind from a huge piece of the sky, which now lay among the ruins with a few stars glowing inside it.
Dozens of stars were glowing inside the fallen piece of sky.

yeah instead of knowing what they want to say before they ever they just you know play with it and which in a way is nice to be able to do but you know it it gets a little out of hand sometimes i've seen it get out of hand up here you know where
It is frustrating to deal with.

It differs from the contribution to SMI primarily in that it is paid by another program entity (the CCC) rather than directly by the General Fund.
The contribution to SMI was easier to record from an accounting standpoint.

The work by the Larimer County Bar Association has been going on for 18 years, and in that time several thousand clients have been served.
Most of the several thousand clients served by the Larimer County Bar Association were happy about choosing it.

It now houses Iraklion's City Hall.
Iraklion's City Hall was only recently constructed.

With no mistakes, at that.
The recipe was cooked to perfect with no mistakes.

As she drew nearer and nearer to Hyde Park corner, the temptation to return to South Audley Mansions was almost irresistible.
She stopped to buy flowers on the way to Hyde Park corner.

The Gothic tower gate and belfry, Porte de la Grose-Horloge, leads into the proserous old merchant quarters with gracefully vaulted shopping arcades and 16th- and 17th-century houses.
The old merchant quarters have been around for hundreds of years.

Governments may be wasteful in managing money, but the only evidence GS provides is in the story of Louis XV, who, when accused of spending too much, said, After me, the deluge.
Governments try their best to manage money.

What with all the headlines about Democratic Party fundraising, you might think the Dems take in more dough than the Republicans.
Both parties partake in fundraising.

This song is a conversation between Betty Currie, who, though worried, still thinks Monica is a good person, and the rather stonier EVELYN LIEBERMAN .]
Evelyn is less convinced that Monica is a good person.

The number would be even higher for the new 8-hour ozone standard.
The standard is too low.

If airy persiflage went down well at street demonstrations, Noal Coward would have had a whole other career.
Noal Coward could have been a great entrepreneur if the street demonstrations were good.

Just 35 km (22 miles) from Pahalgam, one trek, the most strenuous by far, leads to the spectacular Kolahoi Glacier.
The Pahalgam is the strenuous trek in that region towards Kolahoi Glacier.

Anyone have a synonym for future?
I need three synonyms for future.

One was huge, dressed in black plate armor, a high neck guard, black cloak, and a leather three-corner hat.
They were armored from head to toe, their identity masked.

Damn! he observed, and this time succeeded in sitting up.
He hadn't been able to sit up for days, bedridden with illness. 

Deaths of individuals under the age of 70 are valued using the unadjusted mean VSL value of $3.
A different VSL value is used for the deaths of people over 70.

Modular construction can minimize field labor and construction time on a site by prefabricating at a shop and then transporting large sections, such as ductwork or absorber modules, by barge or truck.
Structures made with modular construction are of inferior quality compared to conventional buildings.

Personal History's false modesty begins to evaporate after Phil's suicide in 1963.
Phil's suicide in 1963 exposed Personal History for what it really was.

you know but i said no they they getting on the smokers and stuff but i think i because like i told one guy i says smokers don't kill people in a wreck from being smoking
Smokers face harsh judgment because of their habit, but have never killed anyone in a car accident due to said habit. 

As important and vital as the homeland security mission is to our nation's future, the other non-homeland security missions transferred to DHS for the most part are not small or trivial responsibilities.
The homeland security mission is one of upmost secrecy.

what division are you in
Are you in my division?

oh yeah they're they're so much better than anybody else it's uh that they're prohibitive favorites in winning all their games
They're so much better than other teams in the league

yeah i thought maybe one of these days i'll drive over there and check it out but
i'd like to drive over there soon but it takes such a long time

She treats everyone, from victims to defendants to attorneys, with the highest respect, Wong said.
While she was respectful of victims, she had nothing but contempt for judges.

Indeed, if the PDFA had a shred of integrity, its ads would be battling alcohol and tobacco, America's two most injurious drugs and the two most popular among teens.
The PDFA's ads battle drugs other than alcohol and tobacco.

At this organization, deviations from policies had to be documented in a letter signed by both the executive of the business group requesting the deviation and the central information security group's manager.
Deviations are frequently made. 

This requires the mailer to have an address list kept in delivery sequence and to have address labels for each piece.
The mailer must keep the address list with them in the delivery truck at all times. 

and what's his name again
I know his name, but what is it again?

They were half-way across when the Kal's horse turned its head, saw the gap, and lurched.
The animal was afraid to move forward.

More than most papers, USA Today steps aside and delivers the experience that Dewey considered necessary to that convergence on  statistics, direct lengthy quotations, complete box scores.
USA Today gives a refreshing experience, Dewey says. 

NORTHEAST
The way you need to travel to get from Oklahoma to Indiana.

She couldn't hope to make such a trip for maybe six months.
Out of financial consideration she would have to wait six months for the trip.

She always says the right thing, does the right thing, wears the right clothes.
She never dresses or speaks inappropriately for her age. 

Its hanging gardens of exotic flowers and palm trees and mesmerizing views were the inspiration for Richard Wagner in 1880 and that of his last opera, Parsifal.
Richard Wagner's 1880 opera, Parsifal, was the best opera he ever created.

think someone can do it  maybe i should start thinking about it again
I am sure there is someone, maybe like me, who is able to do that and I guess it would be good for me to think about that myself.

WOODBURN, Ore. (AP) - The boss refuses to pay me.
The boss is disputing my pay without evidence.

To the South
The south is a good area.

From Fox 's interview with former President 
Fox recorded this interview four years ago. 

Unpack that bag!"
The contents we're looking for are in the bag.

The act requires agencies to develop annual performance plans that OMB uses to prepare a federal performance plan that is submitted to the Congress along with the Presidentas annual budget submission.
The deadline for submitting federal performance plans is the end of December each year.

but i guess that this camping two kinds of camping that um i've done one is to throw a a tent and food food and the like in the back of a car and drive to a campsise and setup the tent and have the the car right next to me
There are two kinds of camping, in a tent or in a car but I like the car better.

The highlands are cool, with verdant hills rolling through the heart of Jamaica.
There are many places in the highlands that have a good view.

Said's evident love of the literature and music of the West continually collides with his righteous anger at what the West has done to the rest.
Said have very conflicted and mixed opinions of the West.

Two wide bays offer natural harbors, and tiny Navy Island sits just offshore.
The natural harbors are a popular location for fisherman.

It exalts states' rights while ignoring the doctrine's ugly racial legacy, and rants against the federal government while conveniently forgetting Washington's role in salvaging the region's economy with military spending and other aid.
It has serious issues with the federal government.

i think it's the second shot or the third shot the bullet's in there but i mean he'll give them two chances
They weren't a good shot. 

You were on a hill.
You were at the very top of a hill.

okay uh things have become much more enlightened since then
I'm glad that nowadays things are not as old fashioned as they once were.

Take, therefore, the talent from him [who had one talent] and give it unto him which hath ten talents, Murdoch read.
Take his one talent and give it to someone who has more, said Murdoch.

That was our way of showing, to ourselves especially, that we were intimates of those eminent locations.
We had frequented those locations often.

It is a model for raising money for legal aid programs that could, and should, be replicated throughout the country.
Texas has a model for raising money to fund legal programs that the rest of the country should pay attention to. 

i even gone have gone to the point where i don't believe in giving them a life sentence if you have to do that you might as well shoot them
Life sentences in prison can be considered cruel and unusual punishment.

LSC recognizes the increasingly active role that state planners have assumed in overseeing state civil equal justice delivery activities.
State planners are frustrated by their increasingly active role in overseeing state civil equal justice delivery activities. 

You know these kids are straight; them an' their ol' man's come to work th' Range for wild ones on Rennie's own askin'.
Dad was not as straight as his kids.  

But that is the exact situation that many low- and moderate-income taxpayers face when being audited by the Internal Revenue Service.
But that is the situation many low income taxpayers end up in when audited by the IRS and having their assets seized.

but the US also makes a lot of uh you know treaties with other people like saying okay if you give up then you can come live in our country and we'll take care of you like Marcos right
The treaties that U.S. makes are not the best thing for the country.

If, during your tours of the big cities, you come acroseproducts you like from places you will be visiting later, such as Rajasthan, Varanasi, or Kashmir, wait until you get there the price and selection may be much better.
Markups to cover the cost of delivering items to the larger cities account for the higher prices in cities.

William Henry Harrison could talk about the governments of Athens, Rome, and the Helvetic Confederacy and expect his audience to know what he was talking about.
Harrison's audience are well educated political science writers.

For one thing, you define your most popular items by what you run out of.
You have lots of popular items that sell out every week.

are you do do you are you at TI in Dallas so so you go to the fitness center
You are at TI in Dallas, meanwhile I'm in Florida.

Dorcas answered it in due course. 
Dorcas answered it in due course, but by that point it was too late. 

How about John?"
He's a real piece of work, that one.

Do you remember, mademoiselle, that I once asked you to help me?
I asked you to take me to the ball, but you refused me.

Postal Service, the domestic postage rates of FPAs vary by weight interval.
The Postal Service also sets its prices by package dimensions.

on the other hand um i don't know if course the judge as all the expertise in that field and he's trained for that and and i'm sure there are certain rules that are set down that he goes by uh along the way to make a decision but perhaps the jury can um give their uh input as to what they think need to be done and then maybe he can go from there uh have you ever sat on a jury trial
I think the judge is qualified for his job.

and then i buy the bibs separate usually i think it's a little bit cheaper in the long run and then i just use whatever colors i want to i don't usually use the colors they tell me to and it it depends on what it is you know but some things especially letters
I only use the ones that I like, the others would be a waste.

(I can say that my neighbors are pretty annoyed at the pebbles inadvertently flung at their windows.)
Why won't they throw their pebbles somewhere else?

Privacy could clearly be one of the critical issues of the first campaign of the 21 st century, said Marc Rotenberg, executive director of the Electronic Privacy Information Center.
Privacy is so critical because so many nudes of politicos have been leaked.

Three miles below, there is a basement.
There's a basement a few miles below the church. 

At the same time, many Jews sought religious freedom and fulfillment by moving to Palestine (as the Holy Land was traditionally called) and especially to Jerusalem.
Many Jews sought freedom from persecution during the second world war.

It is sufficient to note, however, that Stevenson was content to rely on a mix of his own admitted bloodthirstiness and good old-fashioned prejudice for his conclusion.
Stevenson will do anything to get ahead. 

well now that's the card see
I enjoy this card in particular. 

resources managers, and other government personnelEvaluation Board whose primary function is to evaluate proposals (SSEB) received in response to an RFP.
Resource managers and other personnel whose function is to evaluate some of the proposals received in response to an RFP.

in the mountains
At about ten thousand feet above sea level.

It's that he knows what it's like to walk the high wire and bomb.
He has been walking on high wires since he was 2.

Honey is also one of the prime staples of the Cretan diet.
Cretans prefer using honey over table sugar.

but they've kept you hopping there
They make you hop there to save time.

An Oktoberfestively drunk Henry Kissinger egged him on to use the stiff corpse of Lenin to chip off a hunk of wall.
Henry Kissinger was arrested for his drunkenness.

you me too thank you okay thank you bye-bye
Have a nice day and good-bye.

Built by early Islamic rulers in a.d. 691 on the approximate site of the First and Second Temples, it commemorates the spot to which the Prophet Muhammad came from Mecca on a winged horse in a miraculous night journey described in the Koran.
The Koran only describes the story of Muhammad.

evening tea contemplating the great kindness of everyone
Besides evening tea, I am also serving a scone. 

My idea was ”a very ridiculous one, no doubt ”that she had intended to poison him ”and that, in some way, Mrs. Inglethorp got hold of it by mistake. 
Mr. Inglethorp seemed a more likely potential murder victim.

They are just who they are, Margo said. 
Margo's friend did not respond to what she said.

With its wide, sandy beach, Portobello is a quintessential British seaside town.
Portobello is very popular with British tourists.  

All quite unofficial, you know.
This information I've shared with you, is not known to the public.

you know it was like a community of apartments that were mostly elderly when she moved there she might have been like sixty it wasn't you know ancient but you know older and then that community for some reason started getting the apartments were fairly low income i guess
There were a lot of younger residents there.

The man's eyes were solid black orbs.
The man's eyes were terrifying.

explores the new generation gap among African-Americans.
African-Americans often feel devoid of a way of orienting themselves.

and killed all them people what's uh Saddam did
Saddam is a terrible human being.

The Algarve in particular has a number of riding centers, or centros hapicos.
The Algarve drew in many amateurs every year.

Still, there are some very pleasant walks around what are still referred to as the castle grounds.
Some of the walks take an hour to go through the gardens.

In 1989, the rural carrier vehicle allowance was 31 cents per mile or a minimum of $12.
This allowance was for gasoline and maintenance expenses only.

you know the company insurance and and
Do you know if the company insurance covers dental?

After relating the earlier events, he proceeded: "Acting on information received, Superintendent Summerhaye and myself searched the prisoner's room, during his temporary absence from the house. 
We were looking for the murder weapon but only found a mysterious lead pipe dripping with blood.

Roads are improving, though, and while driving isn't necessarily the horror it once was, traveling by rental car should be reserved for confident drivers comfortable on steep, winding terrain.
A dozen or more cars are lost on this road each year.

'  Calling the $150 a cost estimate, the memo provided dictionary definitions of subsidy and voucher, indicating that vouchers are explicitly finite whereas subsidies are not.
The vouchers provide an average of $50 savings to the user.

There are five main galleries dedicated to such subjects as history, national sports, and na tural history.
There are five galleries dedicated to a litany of subjects, but they are not well known.

There was no sign of personal hatred in his look.
His face was free from disdain. 

The office serves about 4,500 people a year.
The office serves insurance forms to 4500 people a year

i bet you there i bet you there are people that do that
I know people who do that.

Multilingual guidebooks available; buses 20A, 20B, 27, 27A, 27B, 42, or 42C, DART to Contarf Road Station.
The buses have Wifi.

But if you are here simply to have fun, you might not even notice.
The key is to have a good time, and not focus on stressors.

reproduction were measured and evaluated.
reproduction rates of flies were measured ad evaluated.

As always, we restricted ourselves to the barest pleasantries.
Because we're Mormons, we restrict ourselves to simple pleasantries.

These intriguing horseshoe-shaped valleys nestle like narrow amphi?­theaters against abrupt rocky cliffs, making rewarding destinations for a pleasant day's hike.
These intriguing horseshoe-shaped valleys are one of the most visited hiking destinations in the area.

Strategic Information Management (SIM) Self-Assessment Toolkit (Exposure Draft, Version 1.0, October 28, 1994).
Strategic Information Management Self-Assessment Toolkit has been a popular item

Total steel requirements for retrofitting a typical 500 mega Watt, electric (MWe) FGD system are in the range of 1000 to 1125 tons of steel, or between 2.0 and 2.25 tons of steel per MWe.
Total steel requirements for retrofitting a typical 500 mega Watt are big cause it has a scary name

Among its many exhibits, there are funerary statues and other items from the island of Rhenia, the burial ground for the inhabitants of Delos.
This is the largest collection of funerary statues from Rhenia.  

um well you might wanna get yourself uh an animal that doesn't require much attention like a cat
YOu might want an independent pet since you're gone a lot.

you you watch many do you like the classics like uh Gone With the Wind and uh you know the older movies
Gone with the Wind is a classic.

Third, the claim that Clinton quietly approved the second Loral launch in February 1998.
The article claimed that Bill Clinton approved the 2nd Loral launch on February 3rd, 1998. 

yeah no oh you missed Wayne's World Wayne's World was pretty cool
You missed it--they played Wayne's World on the cruise ship last night.

I will ask you nothing. 
I won't ask you about anything because you have nothing relevant to say.

With the evidence of Annie, as to the candle grease on the floor, and as to seeing the prisoner take the coffee into the boudoir, the proceedings were adjourned until the following day. 
The proceedings were set to start at eight the next morning.

A wild stallion kicked and bucked down where Jon had killed the axe brute.
Jon killed the brute with a sword.

Check here if you'd like me to unbutton your blouse.
Let me know if you'd like me to unclothe you.

yeah as soon as your a graduate student they get your name
This breech of privacy is severely inconvenient. 

when the little bit of time i do  get to spend because i'm in school in the evenings um uh i like to watch movies and comedies and uh i watch the news
Comedies are the only type of movies I like watching.

Using a variety of staffing and sourcing strategies provides leading organizations with dynamic workforces that can quickly meet changing business needs.
Dynamic workforces tend to be less knowledgeable, compared to regular workforces.

 "Senor Juanito he said a stud that would fight too, like Shiloh."
The stud would give a strong fight.

! Improved guidelines.
The guidelines were revised in July.

Deborah Hankinson has brought to the issue of civil legal services to the poor the same passion she brings to her role as judge, Texas Supreme Court Chief Justice Thomas R. Phillips said. 
Hankinson has been very successful at bringing the issue of civil legal services up.

Napoleon III had Baron Haussmann transform this remnant of an old hunting forest along the lines of a London park.
Napoleon III was fond of all things in his country, and he wanted to keep it in top shape.

This month's airline in the spotlight is Southwest.
Southwest is one of the best airlines to fly on.

struck onto the utensils as where she's got to go through uh three or four uh different um utensils and the the the waitresses are very nice they'll they'll keep exchanging it
The waitresses will remain friendly if you exchange your utensils and ask for your orders.

His voice had risen and Red had to pull at him.
His voice rose in anger as he pulled Red closer to his bosom.

In summer the smaller island is scorched and yellow, with rusty-colored rock and cliff formations.
In summer the smaller island is scorched and yellow, with rusty-colored rock and cliff formations due to drought conditions.

This protects a population of monk seals and other marine life, as well as archaeological remains on the seabed.
The sea life had impacted the archaeological remains.

30% is a decrease in concentration or deposition compared to current conditions (an improvement)
This decrease is seen as a significant improvement.

'This is all the reasonably reliable, reasonably legitimate data on Benny Boy that I could find.'
I got some demographic information about Benny.

The effects of this delay in capturing knowledge can be debilitating.
There is a delay in capturing knowledge because of the slow reporting by the researchers.

Personal privacy, one's right to control the use of his or her personal information, is a hot issue.
Personal privacy is such a big issue because of Edward Snowden and others like him. 

They said that each agency and each rulemaking is somewhat different.
They said that each agency and each rulemaking is expensive

 "Did you ever think about California, Anse?
The young girl asked, "Do you ever think about California, Anse?"

well let me think here um as far as the judge making the decision
As far as the judge making a decision, he shouldn't be able to be unanimous.

do have air conditioning in your car or
Why is the air conditioning blowing hot air?

On the south side of Parnell Square are the Rotunda Hospital and the Gate Theatre.
The Rotunda Hospital and the Gate Theatre are right next to each other.

It would be for the jury to decide whether or not these damning facts constituted an overwhelming proof of the prisoner's guilt. 
The jury knew the prisoner was obviously guilty.

Not beautiful enough, she said in a soft dangerous voice.
She wasn't beautiful enough to attract the man.

Namely, performance auditors provide these services using performance audit standards, and financial auditors are likely to provide these services using the attestation standards.
Performance auditors only use strict performance audit standards during peak seasons. 

Since then, three justices have left the court, two of them from the pro-chair side.
The justices who left the court, found a place somewhere else.

The palace was erected around a large Central Court, used for public meetings, which now forms the heart of the site.
Over 10,000 granite bricks were used in the palace's construction.

Dental care is just another way to spend discretionary income, competing with a vacation or a new car.
If you need dental care, you can forget about buying a new car until the dentist is paid off.

From Ribeira Brava, most coach excursions head north to Sao Vicente, as the road cuts through some of the best scenery on the whole island.
Most coach tours make periodic stops for pictures of the scenery.

[It] seems incontestable that if no communication in the ordinary sense of the word is possible, there can be no lie.
It's sure that no communication corresponds to no lies, said the philosopher.

Back outside, from the Episcopal Garden (Jardin de l'Evache), at the rear of the cathedral, a stairway takes you down to the old town.
Using the stairway near the cathedral is a fast way to get to the old town if you are near the Episcopal Garden.

and get a graph which you weren't sure if it was okay or not you know but with a with a new system i can calculate everything so fast you know like for spread sheets
With a new system I can calculate these spread sheets faster.

we haven't talked much about the weather i know that's what we're supposed to do
We're supposed to be talking about weather patters for the last 10 years in Tulsa County. 

i guess it depends on the person depends on how motivated you are
I believe it varies according to a person's ambition, but I could be wrong too. 

Against the wall is the Wheel of Law that originally roseabove the lions.
The Wheel of Law was renovated and now shorter than it originally was.

These studies suggest that the short-term risk can double when the single-day effects are combined with the cumulative impact of exposures over multiple days to weeks prior to a mortality event.
The studies investigating the short-term risks were done by graduate students.

and they could make their own breakfast if they wanted to and their own dinner and they always had somebody come in for lunch but they had people who did you know they didn't have to mess with the yard they had people who did the yard and they had a maid that uh uh service that came in and cleaned everybody's house so they didn't have to worry about that and it was really a nice
They have people come in to clean, make lunch and do any other things like yard work. Resident can make their own, breakfast and lunch in they want to, or they can go to the main dining room and eat.

no longer do we have a point where the crime fits the punishment we've got guys now with in Texas anyway is what i'm talking about
The crime is always more severe than the punishment.

According to a VA official, relevant portions of Executive Order
The Executive Order supported official's claims.

In general, the amount of structural steel for a typical FGD retrofit system is equal to or less than the steel requirements for a SCR retrofit of the same size.
The FGD system is retrofit for the power plants.

15 Since NIPA focuses on the current production of goods and services and on the income arising from that production, NIPA income and saving do not reflect changes in the value of existing tangible and financial assets, such as land, stocks, or bonds.
There is a separate organization for measuring financial tangibles.

(Incidentally, the WJC page, which links to the Washington Times site, boasts some of the most intrusive music of any site on the Web.)
I do not care about the messages portrayed in the music found on the WJC page.

it it uh definitely fluctuates mainly with what i'm going to be doing that day and kind of what my mood is and when it's raining i'm more likely to wear jeans and and when it's really cold i'm more likely to wear jeans or pants or sweaters or that type of thing
it changes depending on how good of a mood i'm in.

OK, we're going back to Earth now.
We're flying back to FLorida now.

That's a compliment, I suppose? 123 "Sure.
Are you being nice?

hey how do you like it out there
How do you like it out there on the moon?

However, the sale of assets to foreigners can affect the nation's ability to consume and invest.
Also, locals don't like selling their assets to foreigners. 

okay uh i use them both here at work and at home
They're simply too convenient to not use everywhere I go.

As a result, we transition into this new century with different security concerns and an improved financial position relatively free of the deficit constraints of the recent past.
We have different concerns about terrorism than we used to.

Visit the state museum, and in the grounds opposite is the Kampung Ampang Tinggi, built entirely of wood, a Malay prince's residence.
The wood is the finest in the land.

The best places to buy are the cellars maintained by all the major producers in Vila Nova de Gaia just across the river from Porto.
In Vila Nova de Gaia are found the best wineries and all the major producers maintain cellars in this region.

'Oh, great,' I rubbed my temple.
I was developing a big headache.

well i guess that's all
Well, I guess that's everything about the movie

and it's just amazing and i mean they got and you know they're not making them like that now   you know so but they're still they're still a lot i think definitely better than the uh American carmaker and stuff
Volvos are better than any American car.

Lincoln stepped into view, looking tall and haughty and quite magnificent.
The man who stepped into view was over six feet tall.

This is what is called scouting.
What you see in the picture is what w call scouting. 

On the third pass, recalling Proust's admonition to one of his correspondents that if he'd only had time he would have written a shorter letter, I managed to cut another 200 pages.
I saw that I could cut that part of the Proust's novel, that lasted 200 pages, even if the teacher didn't know it.

everybody likes his speed but he can't catch the ball
He's never caught the ball. 

a lot of people have become too complacent and believe everything is just the norm as to the way things are going and feel absolutely helpless to to oppose a lot of the situations going on in the taxing system
They are unable to oppose the system.

Unfortunately, the average interest rate paid through the third quarter of 2001 dropped to 1.4 percent.
The interest rate increased to 1.6 percent by 2002.

bronze oh interesting
The bronze coin is interesting.

We heard a lot of good ideas from people who've been contributing for many years to pro bono service, said Mr. Curnin. 
All of the people doing pro bono service were happy to do something to help the community.

Skilled labor requirements, specifically for boilermakers, were estimated and have the potential to be the more limiting resource requirement in phase I of the program.
Most people are uneducated therefore the requirements are low.

Yet only 23 percent of the state's 23,598 active lawyers reported meeting the Georgia State Bar's goal of 50 hours of pro-bono service in 2002.
There is little penalty for failing to meet the goal.

His will decreed the house never to be sold, ensuring the mansion's future, even as other residences fell into disrepair and demolition, often to be replaced by skyscrapers.
The skyscrapers are really high.

Well, they tempt me to go back to an island where there are more dinosaurs.
I'm interested in the dinosaurs on this island.

that that that's uh yeah that's absolutely right and you can gain a lot of ground doing that too if you
You can gain a lot of ground doing that house work

Dole trusts Woodward.
Dole has no choice but to trust Woodward. 

From ninth-century Pallavas and Cholas to the rich style of the Vijayanagar kingdom (1336 1565), the exhibits make a fascinating demonstration in stone of the glory of south India.
The stone of the glory has been extensively studied.

Ryerson : Tougher laws are needed to protect our environment?
Ryerson thinks that tougher laws are needed for environmental protection

A PEMD report has focused on water  the effectiveness of efforts to improve water quality and the reasons for successes and failures.
The PEMD report was written on an old Apple II computer.

If someone wants to estimate the cumulative volume growth for a period, she has to multiply the annual growth rates in Columns (5), (8), and (11) by the number of years in the period.
It is difficult to estimate cumulative volume growth.

Although the banyan trees that once flourished here are now no more, the often-restored complex has remained a focus of local Buddhist activities.
Along with local Buddhist activities, the complex also hosts recreational activities.

Those who have made the pilgrimage can add the respected title haci before their names, an honour proudly displayed on shop-owner's signs.
Shop-owners are the only ones who make the pilgrimage.

In the short term , however, the effect has been to increase price volatility, especially when analysts issue strong buy or sell recommendations.
The effect increases price changes, especially when the stock market is moving quickly.

The ultimate effect is that this article treads close to the danger zone.
This article could get the writers in deep trouble.

The MCI Web site claims six 500-footers in 1997, five by McGwire and one by Colorado Rockies star Andres Galarraga, hit in Miami.
The MCI Web site claims six 500 footers, five for McGwire, and one for Andres Galarraga who grew up in the Dominican Republic.

The city's opera company is highly regarded by the rest of the world, and the Gulbenkian Foundation (see page 33) maintains its own symphony orchestra and ballet company.
The ballet company is over four hundred years old.

The technician, wanting to escape into tomorrow, regained consciousness and jumped on his feet, which were not all that stable.
The technician jumped up when his alarm went off.

well good luck in your house hunting
Hope you find a house with a sun room

'Some of them, anyway.
'Some of the kids, anyway.

IRA accounts allow income-earners to duck some taxation on that income if they promise to save it until they're old.
If you save your money until you're elderly with an IRA account, you can dodge paying some taxes on your income.

Nor did they recognize it for what it was ”a piece torn from a green land armlet." There was a little stir of excitement. 
They were too busy to recognize it for what it was.

and we just had a really big ice storm and basically half the trees in in in our city i'm in Rochester which is uh right upstate half of the trees in the city
The storm killed half a dozen people, so I heard.

A combined effort of Tower Records and the Good Guys Electronics, WOW!
Tower Records and Good Guys works together to create an amazing audio experience.

Goats wander the streets and people live in tiny tin shacks with few amenities.
Goats are often hit by motorists because they are so common.

That's what I want, said the girl wistfully.
It was the only thing on the girl's mind.

Schoelcher, formerly a small fishing village just north of Fort-de-France, has expanded to become an extension of the capital city.
Schoelcher was named after the famous Swedish priest who lived in the area.

For example, one organization had to stop development of a secure Web site because the sponsor withdrew its support.
The sponsor wasn't sure that such steps were necessary.

Say, there isn't anything I like better.  
There is nothing I like better than a good secret.

Bottom  This was the worst part for Clinton, so he'll scrap settlement talks and proceed to trial May 27.
Clinton had reached his nadir.

well my i guess uh sports uh i'm don't play as much sports as i used to because i'm i'm too old for it now
I used to be a really good football player when I was young.

Women, you will notice, bathe in full sari.
You'll notice the women bathing fully dressed to stay warm.

Or it can report on the changes in the real wages of its graduates.
The real wages of its graduates have gradually declined in the last years.

The Pont de la Concorde, truly the bridge of the French Rev?­o?­lu?­tion, was erected between 1787 and 1790.
The Pont de la Concorde was erected after the end of te French Revolution. 

I don't feel I can be bothered to think of marriage until Tommy is found.
I don't care about marriage if we don't know where Tommy is.

We could easily follow along in that vein, in our less perfect versions, and so can Miss America, in her sweet one; but what's truly groundbreaking nowadays is to stroll on the sand or romp in the waves in a full-length dress.
People are tired of the half naked displays of women.

Developing countries need a secure and stable world trading system, he says.
Poor countries need a way to trade easily with developed countries.

She died during the battle," said Adrin.
Adrin said that she was shot in the heart. 

Today, we re-emphasize the need for OHS to be established statutorily in order to effectively coordinate activities beyond the scope of the proposed DHS and to assure reasonable congressional oversight.
There is an effort to continue not establishing a statute for OHS in order to prevent reasonable oversight by congress.

New, he remarked. 
It was almost new.

hum yeah yeah yeah if they'll just give him some protection and don't kill him before h e
They did not want the man to be harmed.

future-to have slain the deficit dragon.
Getting rid of the deficit is something desirable in the interests of the future.

and teachers only get paid twenty four
Teachers can a low figure of 24 if you can believe that.

Among other laudable qualities, the anti-Semitism is well-done, opines Krauthammer.
The anti-Semitism is portrayed well in the movie.

and if they can't come up with something by the fifteenth then the state's supposed to decide the courts
If they can't come up with an idea to defend themselves, the state decides.

OASI had fiscal year 2000 outlays of about $347.
OASI spent most of this money on administrative expenses.

I cannot say that I am prepared to give up my aversion to the tax code, but the lowincome taxpayer clinics are an innovative way for those who are comfortable with its provisions to help others in need.
Low income taxpayer clinics were scheduled beginning the following week.

At the head of the Gulf of Ajaccio, Napoleon's birthplace is the liveliest of Corsican towns, but tourists impatient to get out to the seaside resorts are usually content with a stroll around the port and a pilgrimage to the Maison Bonaparte (Rue Saint-Charles).
Nightlife and clubs abound in the town where Napoleon was born.

As depicted in the figure, the control environment surrounds and reinforces the other components, but all components work in concert toward a central objective, which, in this case, is managing improper payments.
The control environment reinforces the components the organization uses.

Note the colorful stands of dried fish and fresh fish, colorful pickles, stout young bamboo shoots, chicken wings and breasts arranged in elaborate patterns, and a whole cornucopia of squid, mussels, oysters, and giant scallops.
There are many delicacies located all around the market.

Tuppence shook her head.
Tuppence moved her head.

Check at the tourist office for details (see page 123).
The tourist office has tour guides available.

yeah do you go do you go see them very often
Do you get to go to the games at all?

Back then--and is there a more demoralizing phrase?
They said something extremely rude and crass. 

increasingly reliant on computer systems to support critical operations and infrastructures, such as telecommunications, power distribution, financial services, emergency services, national defense, and critical government operations.
Computer systems are critical in supporting national defense initiatives.

She concurred with Hungerford's observation that intervention effects seem to wear off after a period of time.
Intervention becomes forgotten.

Those who are adept with a bow and arrow can keep their hand in on Ibiza and Formentera.
There are numerous tournaments of archery on Ibiza.

the amount each good, x , the household consumes.
Goods can be expensive 

Cost  difference between internal sales price (reimbursement) and full cost.
There is a marginal difference between reimbursement and full cost.

Next thing I did was 86 to write out a wire to Beresford saying where I was, and that I was laid up with a sprained foot, and telling him to come down if he wasn't busy.
Beresford came to help very quickly. 

How would you know what danger we might bring?" said Jon.
Jon demanded an answer from the man.

Tax the Knickers Off Your Grandchildren, by Steven E. Landsburg, seems less like a well-reasoned editorial on economics than a weak rationalization for shortsightedness.
The book was well received by critics.

The only new fact in Flytrap that would qualify as genuine news would be one proving Bill Clinton didn't have sex with Lewinsky.
Providing information that Bill Clinton didn't have any relations whatsoever with Lewinsky is the only real new fact in Flytrap.

A strip of leather tied back her hair in a high topknot.
Her hair was held tightly into a bun.

Afterward, Gordon thanked Earnhardt for teaching him all his tricks.
After it happened, Earnhardt was approached by Gordon who showed appreciation for the lessons Earnhardt had given him.

A two-hour drive away, at City University of New York Law School in Queens, Rooney spends several days a week helping upstart lawyers develop storefront practices that, like his, provide legal representation to folks who can't afford a $250-an-hour legal counselor.
Rooney's help has lead to many successful storefront law practices.

yeah now banks they sponsor different banks out here like Bank One sponsored one one year and i can't think of the rest of them but they they you know they have sponsors for certain balloons and all they do is just put the name of the bank or whoever's sponsoring that balloon that balloon yeah it's pretty good
There are over a dozen banks that sponsor balloons.

Praise goes to Lee's argument, her sensitivity, and her writing.
Her sensitivity and her writing were renown.

The will! cried Lawrence. 
The last will and testament! cried Lawrence.

Though it lacked the size of the uninhabitable hydrogen-ammonia planets and its low density made its surface gravity fairly normal, its gravitational forces fell off but slowly with distance.
The planet was populated with many unique life forms.

He was never identified."
The secret service had tried numerous times to find out who he was.

Several priceless frescoes were severely damaged or destroyed, notably invaluable works by Cimabue (1226 1337) featured on a portion of the Upper Church's vaulted ceiling, which plunged to the floor during the quakes.
Cimabue was an Italian painter well known for developing his own painting style and being all self taught.

Taylor says the job discussions provided valuable information and insights that helped him as a journalist.
He always wanted to become a journalist.

Accusations of plagiarism seem to be the greatest deterrent.
If there was no fear of plagiarism l it would be widely popular. 

These gains have provided cleaner air for millions of people.
The gains in clean energy have made the air cleaner for so many people. 

Yesterday "
He died yesterday.

And now you are going to die to defend them.
There is no way that you will win if you defend him.

i found that true especially for walking on toes or fronts
No matter how I walk, it occurs without fail.

well i i assume that you live in do you live in Texas
I'm assuming you live in Texas; is that true?

In those days, the poor had a place to go, and they knew it.
The poor knew that they could go to the park any time they wanted.

Bush, or the Al Gore who is.
Either Bush or Al Gore will be president.

But when it comes to taking on unions, that cliche is a canard.
The unions are being taken on by the corporation.

The third field work standard for performance audits 
The field work standard is for performance audits among researchers.

Just because someone can afford to pay $120 for an advanced showing of The Phantom Menace or $10,000 for a Knicks game doesn't mean he will.
Most people would pay £50 for an advance screening of a big movie.

House of Representatives
The House has a lot of members.

you what what do you look for uh ease of handling or roominess
Handling is always going to be preferable over all else. 

uh-huh yeah well sometimes i'm home and sometimes i'm not but if i am it's always fun to talk
I'm usually not home, but either way, I love talking a long time. 

The two sides in the debate over gay marriage share an assumption that is essentially collectivist.
Each side has positives and negatives.

Wandering in these fascinating little streets is best in the early morning or late afternoon when the crowds and heat are reduced.
There is a lot of foot traffic during the early afternoon.

Even the walls might have ears, whispered the other.
The other person was paranoid that they were being spied on.

The previously ominous music is replaced with an uplifting theme.
The change in music was tied to a change in the scene.

He had a video camera attached to the ceiling, which recorded every move.
The video camera was put in place to catch thieves.

In addition to attacking the story's source, right-wingers attack its purveyors--Broder and Waas.
The publisher of the story, along with the story's source, is being attacked by a well-organized army of right-wing supporters.

'I am Russian,' she said, simply.
She was not proud to say she was Russian.

The Gorges d'Apremont (near the little town of Barbizon, famed as a haunt of 19th-century landscape painters) tend to be less crowded.
The Gorges d'Apremont are a great place to visit for a relaxed day.

West Bow (said to be so named because it was within a bow's length of the castle walls) and Candlemakers Row are streets leading away from Cowgate Head, at the end of Grassmarket.
West Bow and Candlemakers Row are both under construction right now, in order to fix potholes. 

For centuries, the Sephardic Jewish neighborhoods of cities from Tangier, Fez, and Amsterdam to Salonika, Istanbul, and Aleppo echoed with Ladino, a 15th-century Castilian dialect (sprinkled with Hebrew words) spoken by the Spanish exiles wherever they settled.
Although the Ladino dialect is spoken in these cities, this does not necessarily mean that it is the dominant dialect spoken.

uh i i i fully expect that that any test results that comeback for me would be negative that in in the event that one would be positive there's no recourse other than get yourself a lawyer or go to this counseling session and admit guilt uh they won't accept anything else
If the result was positive I had a lawyer on speed dial. 

Sadly, many homes were destroyed by the brush fires and mudslides of 1993 1994, but there are several beach access points where you can still admire the rolling surf and idyllic beach life that have done so much to make Malibu famous.
The damage of the fires was far worse than the damage of the mudslides. 

The representatives will be asked to articulate in writing their concerns and objections.
The representatives would prefer to state their concerns orally than in writing.

The extravagant ballroom and soaring allegorical frescoes like Giambattista Tiepolo's Merit between Virtue and Nobility in the Throne Room (actually for Rezzonico weddings) and others, more wistful, by Guardi all catch the tone of a declining Venice and the frivolous lives of the idle rich.
The ballroom was built in 1532.

3General controls refers to the structure, policies, and procedures-which apply to all or a large segment of an organization's information systems-that help to ensure proper operation, data integrity, and security.
The general controls apply to at least 90% of the information systems.

'Jesus, Jasie.' Her yawn was a roar.
Jasie was a loud person.

Their only son, prince Don Juan, died here at the age of 19, and his tomb lies in the monastery.
Don Juan was the only son, but he did have a sister.

He threw open the door of one of the offices and led them through an outer room toward an inner chamber, equipped with comfortable chairs and a desk.
He invited them to sit down on the inner chamber's soft chairs.

An LAF board member since the mid-'80s, Hilliker has been involved with legal aid in some way for his entire career.
Hilkeker has been on the board for 22 years.

how are rents doing i haven't looked at rents in a long time
I hope there isn't high rent. 

yeah oh yeah that that yeah yeah that's not a bad deal well my my middle daughter who's a freshman she has always wanted to live on campus and she'd been kind of a home body i mean this is the kid who who uh when she was little and went to stay over at somebody's house at night i'd always know i'd get a call at ten o'clock to come get her
I was very surprised that she wanted to go away to school.

By creating new journalistic institutions--sometimes in competition with established ones--Microsoft is adding to the total amount of skeptical scrutiny going on.
Some Microsoft-based institutions, like the ARA have become quite respected.

A day, when you'd seriously consider separating your mind from your body.
It was getting late in the day.

The Romans managed to bring a certain order to the island, putting an end to internal struggles, building new roads, ports, and aqueducts, and introducing systems of domestic plumbing and central heating not greatly inferior to those found today.
The new roads and ports made importing and exporting much easier.

No, wait, that's what we knew yesterday about England, although it's not far off.
We know that England is headed for a crisis.

Besides, if they did, we'd have to outlaw them.
We would have to outlaw them if they were dangerous.

to cut the sacks off she didn't even lick the sacks off laziest dog on earth she never she never nursed them she never cleaned them she never did anything to them they were like she they didn't exist
She would sometimes care for the dogs.

Philae Temple was known as the Pearl of Egypt for its beauty and picturesque setting.
Philae Temple was a big draw for tourists, also known as the Pearl of Egypt.

Billions of lire were spent on Rome alone for the record-breaking numbers of pilgrims and tourists who flocked to the country, one of the world's greatest tourist destinations during the year 2000.
Rome was able to use the money wisely.

But we must neglect no precaution.
They are being cautious of vampires.

uh something that was a fundamental part of their philosophy of life
They were lost without their beliefs of life to guide them.

oh Lord i mean yeah and you talk about stress and pressure i tell you what it's uh
We should go to a movie to relax.

hi Archie i'm Sharon
Hi Archie, I'm Sharon Smith.

We'll go over it again to-morrow, said Tommy.
It was important, so Tommy said he would go over it again tomorrow.

Victor Hugo, in exile in Guernsey, was writing Les Mis??rables, while Baudelaire was working on Les Fleurs du Mal, and Offenbach was composing jolly operettas, such as La Belle Hene.
Victor Hugo, Baudelaire and Offenbach enjoyed immersing themselves in creative endeavors.

The Greyfriars Church was closely linked with the Protestant Covenanters, and many of those hanged in the Grassmarket are buried here.
27 Protestant Covenanters were hanged in the Grassmarket and buried at the Greyfriars Church.

because um i i i didn't want to go do it myself because i didn't think i was really going to use it
I really regret not doing it.

In the last decades of the 19th century, many thousands of Jews of the Diaspora seeking refuge from persecution immigrated to Palestine.
Palestinian people were outnumbered by the thousands of Jews immigrating.

I sometimes found myself wishing he would let the picture catch its breath, that the performers would stop coming at me in stroboscopic flashes.
The performers were attention seeking towards the camera, I wish it would stop. 

that's right because the weather's going to get it exactly
It is going to get very cold for it to survive.

I had nearly reached the lodge, when my attention was arrested by the running figure of a man approaching me. 
The man was waving his arms as he approached me.

I wouldn't have missed this day for anything, Barnes says. 
There was a retirement party for Barne's assistant.

But the latest census figures and an influx of grant money convinced center staff members that the time had come to begin the program.
Over $1 million was available to fund the program.

This is simply an accounting identity.
That is an accounting identity and isn't used anywhere else.

The transition plan should establish a time table for the orderly migration of each component agency or program to the new department, identify key objectives to be achieved during the first year following the transfer, and describe the strategy for achieving an orderly transition and sustaining mission performance.
Sustaining mission performance is highly regarded in the transition plan.

As we entered, however, her limbs relaxed, and she fell back upon the pillows. 
Her seizure was over. 

It is quite an astonishing book, a masterpiece, says the New York Times Book Review 's Michael Hofmann.
Michael has been with the Times for a long time.

The late Michael Barnes, a corporate lawyer, and the legendary John Cummiskey, a labor lawyer on management's side, are two of Lalley's heroes.
Lalley's heroes inspired him to pursue a career in law as well.

Peter Paul Rubens (1577 1640), of noble ancestry, pursued a career as a diplomat as well as an artist.
Rubens enjoyed being an artist more than he liked being a diplomat.

This executive guide is intended to identify effective practices and provide case illustrations and other information for federal agencies' consideration when developing strategies and planning and implementing actions to manage improper payments in their programs.
Federal agencies use the guide when strategizing and planning.

Bush signed the Clean Air Act Amendments of 1990, it revolutionized clean air policy regarding regional and national air pollution issues and drove environmental protection in new directions.
The Clean Air Act Amendments were signed in  May of 1990.

If the question is whether people who read Metabolife's raw transcript will come away with a more favorable view of the company than if they just watch 20/20 , Metabolife clearly loses.
The 20/20 report doesn't paint them in a good light either.

yeah your oh of course they are one of the best uh they didn't do as well this year but we saw them we went down to Austin last year and saw them beat the Longhorns in the regionals
It was a close game, and came down to the end.

Also in the New Republic , Jefferson-mania  A long book review celebrates the third president as a great democrat, albeit a slave-owning one.
The New Republic points out that slavery hasn't been outlawed at that time, so even if Jefferson owned one, he was still a great democrat.

Rest at midday in the lodge at Dhikala and watch the elephants head down to the river.
The elephants only go to the river at midday.

Under the altar, a silver disc surrounds a hole marking the place where, tradition says, Jesus's crosewas raised alongside those of the two thieves on either side.
The altar is the place were Jesus was killed.

S. 556 also does not have an allocation scheme.
S 556 does not include an allocation scheme in the final report.

because it is a matter of of losing your job if you get caught say a second time
It is not worth losing your job over.

Notwithstanding these successes, the equal justice community in Maryland has continued to look for ways to expand and improve services to clients.
Maryland is trying to progress their services

Dances are held in Algaida on 25 July and 16 August and in Montuiri on 24 July and 15, 23, and 24 August.
Dances are popular with locals and tourists alike. 

In contrast, fixed-priced contracts, except those subject to price adjustment, provide for a preestablished firm price, place maximum risk and full responsibility for all costs and resulting profit or loss on the contractor, and provide maximum incentive for the contractor to control costs and perform effectively.
Fixed-price contracts are preferable to customers over variable-rate contracts.

These individuals can be held personally liable, under certain circumstances, for authorizations made by them.
These individuals most likely won't be made personally liable.

Not only are we not liberated from our
There are a few more things we are liberated from.

 Sinner to sin.
The sinner sins twenty times a day.

Dave stared around the office.
Dave looked around the office for his phone.

To embrace the enlarged territory, the Federation took on the new name of Malaysia in September 1963, but Singapore soon clashed with Kuala Lumpur over Malay privileges that Singapore, with its multiracial policies, sought to dismantle.
Singapore eventually learned to accept Malaysia's sovereignty.

know to stay in the game i guess yeah
They should know not to get hurt and stay in the game.

I saw it before but I thought it was just part of him.
I didn't think much about it when i first saw it.

To remain a tool for continued desegregation and not just for excellence, the magnet schools had to maintain set-asides for black students.
The black students who made it were eager to make good.

yes i saw it on the evening news and um the guy actually took the oil that came out from the process in a measuring cup turned around and poured it right back into the uh tank
I was amazed that the man took the oil from the process and poured it back in the tank.

but they tend to like the parking lot up at the Springcreek Plant the upper limit of it's terraced and its usually unoccupied
The parking lot at the Springcreek Plant has hundreds of free spots every time.

The poorest recipients could actually suffer from the windfall by losing their benefits under Medicaid, food-stamp and other programs.
Poor recipients will lose benefits if they get more than $100.

I can't be an advocate anymore in the way that I was, but there are lots of opportunities that I have found within the court that are appropriate to the ethical limits that judges have, Zelon said.
I can't be an advocate like I was because I am now a judge and have to be unbiased.

Bush got a playful French kiss from Anna Nicole Smith at the annual World's Biggest Boob Relay Race at the Texas State Fair-- Brooke Saucier
Bush was excited to be at the Boob Relay Race.

understanding of the law enforcement community's approach to investigating crime.
The approach of law enforcement to the investigation of crime is changing as times change.

The Collapse of Household  Why Has It Happened and What Are Its Implications?
The household collapse means many terrible things. 

This museum displays Karagez shadow puppets, made from coloured, translucent camelskin.
Making the puppets out of camelskin is very controversial and encouraged more people to come to the museum.

the Turkish Van sort of sits off by itself but they love to play and uh
They love to play with them, they get their social out of it.

We've succeeded, said Tuppence.
We beat them, said Tuppence.

Grantee B's cases usually involve protracted negotiation or litigation.
Most Grantees' cases did not involve protracted negotiation.

"Senor Kirby knows his business,"the Mexican admitted.
Señor Kirby is a very clever man, he knows a lot about the cocaine business" admitted the Mexican man called José.

We contacted representatives for each, and they agreed to participate.
We called representatives of each, and set up a date to meet.

EPA is also promulgating best management practices under the Clean Water Act for a portion of the pulp, paper, and paperboard industry.
The EPA has the support of the pulp, paper, and paperboard industries.

Some execs pay a $60,000 vaccination directly to the gangs to avoid a future kidnapping.
There have been many recent kidnappings by gangs.

um-hum oh yeah baseball is there is there life up there like football is down here i think
Baseball earns it players more money than football does.

Where was he going? 
Is he going with someone?

yeah probably not as much so
It was better before.

It can't last for ever.
It can't stop soon enough for me. 

Carroll, Christopher D. Buffer-Stock Saving and the Life Cycle/Permanent Income Hypothesis.
They spent years gathering research.

Forty comments were received and considered prior to the issuance of the final rules.
The decisions regarding the issuance of the final rules was made after careful consideration.

Land is defined as the solid part of the surface of the earth.
Liquid surface of the earth is called water.

traveling that path with the current 126 petitions and NOx SIP Call believe it will eventually take us to our environmental goal, it has been -- and still is -- a very rocky road for industry, environmentalists, the states, EPA and other stakeholders.
Industry has been reluctantly attempting to meet the standards required of it.

On the contrary, they call attention to a truth less honest advisers have preferred to obscure and parents only half want to  that child rearing is a messy art of compromise and contradictions, full of uncertainty.
Child rearing's problems are swept under the rug.

i'd rather have the snow than the ice
At least snow can be shovelled out of the way, but in the case of ice I can only wait for it to melt. 

In addition, the agency will require certification by Argentine officials that a number of mitigating measures
The agency can't continue without certification.

well the one now is is uh it's got a heat pump
The house I'm living in now has a heat pump.

i haven't been listening i i used to just listen to the rock stations but um  lately i have been going back to classical music i don't really know what
I used to listen to classical before I ever listened to rock. 

It is expected that the market would have sufficient time to respond to phase II of the program as the more stringent emission targets for phase II are set for 2018.
Phase III of the program will involve destroying the moon with an enormous laser beam.

Above them all runs the high-speed autoroute, a challenging drive itself.
Autoroutes are dangerous and should be avoided.

If a company's management hasn't done right by its shareholders, takeovers are an appropriate remedy.
The decision to have takeovers is done through votes.

and which ones were the snowbirds
I don't remember which ones were the snowbirds.

He has courage and cunning, but his blood is not a line we want for foals on this range.
Foals did not need that type of blood in their line.

you know run around and and play soldier well the reservists sure do we had a reservist here in North Carolina who who
They all run around and play soldier with toy guns.

Sather Karf says you may have ten days to fix the sky, she called.
Ten days is more than enough to fix the sky.

If he vetoes that, the president will have shut down the government.
The government has a possibility to shut down whether the president vetoes that or not.

Then he cut our interview short and stormed out of his office.
He did not like the questions we asked him.

(We were ultimately  If you compare Outlook 2000 to the first version, Outlook 97, you'll see a vast improvement in performance and stability.
Outlook 2000 reports one crash out of every ten thousand uses. 

You can view it from the building opposite before going behind the temple to see the sacred bull, stained deep vermilion by the libations of its worshippers.
Worshipers pour red wine on the bull as an offering.

A piece calls Frank Lloyd Wright an awful engineer.
Piece also stated Wright was a much better designer.

While others are just dreaming of their gardens, mine is blossoming in the house.
I'm not waiting for the weather to improve, I've started my garden inside and it's already growing.

For example, it was stated that some board members are serving on too many boards to be effective, and that some board members are serving for personal incentives that could adversely affect their independence.
Some of the board members were fired for corruption.

However, post-discharge follow-up could also be used to solve problems related to treatment recommendations and enhance compliance with the recommendations.
The problem is that the process is too expensive.

An English professor who has openly admitted to instructing undergraduates in pagan rituals is no longer a candidate for a deanship at State University of New York's New Paltz campus.
Before the admissions, the English professor was a favorite for the deanship.

Walking through the site toward the palm tree will take you past the Sanctuary of Apollo, comprising a series of once fine colonnaded stoas and temples, including one to Apollo's sister, Artemis.
People still pray to Apollo in the Sanctuary of Apollo.  

Eh? I don't get you?
I don't understand why you did that.

How had Sir James managed to track the girl? 
Sir James was up to no good, and people began to catch on that somehow, he had managed to track the girl, but nobody knew what methods he had used.

and it was really nice really
I was happy with it.

Even if you live in a state without a hot line, local agencies on aging will provide you with referrals to nearby lawyers.
Even if you live in a state without a hot line, local aging agencies can refer you to local lawyers who will help you get your social security.

The 1996 welfare reform law allowed states to use Temporary Assistance for Needy Family (TANF) funds to establish subsidized saving accounts for TANF recipients.
The 1996 welfare reform law allowed states to use Temporary Assistance for Needy Family funds if you had more than 10 children.

He was white as chalk, the candle he held in his shaking hand was sputtering onto the carpet, and his eyes, petrified with terror, or some such kindred emotion, stared fixedly over my head at a point on the further wall. 
I found him in a room scared almost to death.

He started slightly, as the damning words fell from the young man's lips. 
The young man's statement was unexpected. 

The differences in slopes and intercepts reflect population differences.
The differences in slopes and intercepts reflect some population differences, depending on the area.

It was true that I did not quite gather its purport, but I flattered myself that by Lawrence's reply, and perhaps a little skillful cross-examination on my part, I should soon perceive its significance. 
It was simply too complex for my small brain.

Neither have we.)
We have in the past, under vastly different circumstances.

yeah well like like i said at the beginning i've got so many connections with people in Central America my daughter-in-law is Panamanian you know and they have situations like like that down there where they
I also have a connections in South America.

because one of these days i'll be getting a six seater probably too so  um
I plan to buy a six-seater within two months.

Allowance Allocation
Very large allowance.

In the former residence of an 18th-century cardinal, this charming small hotel occupies part of the city's medieval fortifications.
The hotel occupies part of the city's medieval fortifications over the moat.

so he i mean i don't think he he could get hurt i just hope to God he doesn't ever hurt anyone but he he hasn't had any accidents luckily
I hope he doesn't hurt others, but he may hurt himself. 

i don't have any Italian heritage my my mother actually chose it because of Gina
Gina chose the name.

the only thing i i know they give it for is shooting a killing a cop or you know assassination of the President and and something big you know
They give the death penalty for severe crimes like shooting a cop. 

yeah well now when did winter start there you said you had more winter than summer
You spent five minutes talking about having more winter.

uh-huh uh-huh yeah we don't we don't usually cover ours we did a few different  times sometimes we've covered with the plastic and other years we've tried newspapers and uh but we generally don't we do our watering from our spring
We haven't tried many things with my garden.

It has overcome its penchant for overblown, chest-beating angst, according to Rob Sheffield of Rolling Stone , with its most mature album to date, which features clever, self-mocking lyrics and bears the influence of '70s supergroup Led Zeppelin.
It has a much more balanced, rational feel now.

Starr might like to believe Willey--and Willey's story was bolstered more than undermined by the testimony at last week's trial.
Some people may still not believe Willey's story after the testimony.

But all year round, you can visit the monumental 18th-century Grandes-Ecuries (stables), now a horse museum ' with live horses contentedly munching hay next to wooden statues.
The horses are still used for riding and for show.

Crossfire co-host Bill Press summed up their story  Big victory for Clinton, big loss for Ken Starr.
 Crossfire co-host Bill Press summed up their story Big victory for Clinton, big loss for Ken Starr due to the Senate failing to convice.

But even this pretend-tourist takes that for granted.
This pretend-tourist thinks that the coral reefs will always be there.

On the south side of the station is Market Street, which was one of the principle market sites during the Victorian era.
The principle market sites during the Victorian era includes another street called Granville street.

Elizabeth Dole has sounded the cry for increasing restrictions on guns, and both Dole and George W. Bush have been mute on abortion.
Dole favors a complete ban on handguns.

Let's have a real boycott!
I don't agree with what the company is doing, so I don't think we should support them.

The last time it is said to not have liquified was 1980, the year of the great earthquake.
1980 was the most recent of several instances of it not liquefying.

A girl. Tommy held his breath.
Tommy's breath stopped and his eyes widened.

He then persuaded the emperor to abdicate soon after his majority, and the regency would continue for the next youthful incumbent.
Abdication of the emperor would never have happened without him.

www.ptla.org and can be printed out and taken to court.
you can find more information on www.ptla.org

Well, sir, she slipped it into a long envelope, and put it inside a sort of purple box that was standing on the desk.
The long envelope was sealed before being put in the box.

But the jewel here, on the south corner of the square, is the 14th-century Gothic church of Santa Chiara, built for the wife of Robert the Wise d'Anjou and retrieved from its 18th-century Baroque additions and 1943 firebombing.
Santa Chiara is the oldest standing local church.

They are an integral part of an organization's actions in planning, implementing, reviewing, and achieving effective results.
The effective results can be long term. 

The problem is that exactly zero are confirmed overwhelmingly, and zero is 10 percent of--zero!
Zero is the correct answer. 

Designed by the famous Herbert Baker, the rather too massive, colonnaded rotunda of the parliament building is at its best illuminated at night.
Herbert Baker designed the rotunda with the future influx of tourists in mind.

In other respects, saving for the nation's retirement costs is analogous to an individual's retirement preparations.
Saving for the nation's retirement cost is similar to a single persons retirement preparations, but it is much more difficult to to save for an entire nations retirement costs then it is for a single person.

The AMIGA model reasonably captures those costs and benefits noted above that arise in market transactions.
The AMIGA model captures those costs in the stock market.

'Oh, Ben,' Greuze called, as we were leaving.
We had readied to leave but it seemed that Greuze had forgot to tell Ben something important, as he stopped in his tracks and yelled out "Oh, Ben,". 

1Federal debt held by the public is also called publicly held debt but is not the same as public debt.
Federal debt held by the public is called something bad.

Generally, data are recorded for every tenth stop on a route.
The data that is being recorded is for our fitness plans, to find the best way to lose the most weight. 

But the Woodward case--his second Trial of the Decade--reflects Scheck's high-mindedness as much as his greed.
Scheck would have many more trials.

yeah yeah i am too a little bit i mean i i don't want to be around people who are really on drugs and that sort of thing and and you know obviously they're probably not going to be doing a good job and so forth but i don't really like having to do it
I don't agree with taking drugs and that's another reason why I wouldn't want employees to take them.

Nightclubbing has come of age in Las Vegas, thanks to a resurgence of dance music and the city's population boom.
Nightclubbing is popular in Vegas because peopel love that type of music again.

The agencies GAO reviewed developed an initial set of balanced expectations for senior executives to address in their individual performance plans.
In an effort to rein in CEO incompetence, new performance criteria were established.

Hiking is the simplest and most exhilarating way of seeing the countryside, whether in the Dolomites or the Alps, around the lakes and national parks, or merely trekking through the rolling hills of Tuscany or Umbria.
Hiking is fun and interesting wherever it is.

um-hum yeah well you know that's that's a that's a big thing
People don't realize its importance.

Sir, Mr. van Hookjes is here.
Mr. van Hookjes just arrived.

well yeah but that's not a bad one
That's not a bad dog.

yeah well i'm being from Baltimore of course i'm a big Barry Levinson fan since uh he he's you know he's done a bunch of Baltimore movies
I've lived and worked in Baltimore all my life.

So what's a randy president to do?
A randy president is not a good president. 

which i mean i think it should be anyway
Which I think should be anyway, I think women could do that

Examples of such organizations included the Computer Security Institute, Information Systems Security Association, the Forum of Incident Response and Security Teams, and less formal discussion groups of security professionals associated with individual industry segments.
The Information Systems Security Association also focuses on education.

[The pro bono project] is a great asset for all of us, she said. 
The pro bono project will bring in a lot of great publicity

I assume the kindness was a terrible strain.
The strained kindness didn't last long and meanness appeared.

As a basic guide, the symbols we use indicate what you can expect to pay for a three-course meal for two, excluding wine, tax and tip.
The symbols we use show what you will pay for a meal for two at the restaurants on the island.

This is a sporting town when the wagons come in, and they're due tomorrow.
The wagons are going to show up after lunch tomorrow.

We seek regularities in the long movements of history, trying to find our place in a bigger picture than the evening news and hoping to see what is coming next.
We do this because we don't want to die while being insignificant.

Is Tuppence found?" Julius shook his head.
The person has been missing for days.

Padilla said the model of owning a building that functions as a one-stop legal service facility is a new endeavor for the organization.
Padilla said owning a building that is a legal service office is new but it is working out well for them.

95 a month.
between 60 and 75 a month

The National Guard is called out to do whatever it does (guard?)
The National Guard got called to Florida's west coast to address the flooding going on. 

South of the main temple complex you will find the Sacred Lake, used in ceremonial processions.
The Sacret Lake once surrounded the whole main temple complex, but due to lack of rainfall in recent years, it now only lies south of the complex.

yeah but you have to have a need i really have no need for it at all um i work for Digital Equipment and we have a powerful computer down at work
All of our computers at Digital Equipment are of poor quality.

I will call upon her about ten o'clock.
I'll give her a call at about ten pm. 

but uh that they uh are much more contentious so i i don't i i guess we'll have to see another generation to see what differences a child being brought up you know in in a uh kind of a uh community
If I had to guess, I'd say that these communities aren't good for kids or anyone really.

They often deploy programs called debuggers, which allow them to peer into the innards of the software as it runs.
Debuggers come in handy when there are little problems that need to be fixed in a program.

The other armored man stabbed hard, piercing the demon and pinning it to one of the other black stones.
The demon cried out in pain when it was stabbed. 

oh well such is life
That's life but things will turn around.

FASAB will consider the draft interpretation at an open meeting.
FASAB originally thought the draft could only be interpreted one way.

so that part's one problem i i wonder about the whole CFC issue i've i've read some papers from some some scientist that don't get published that well because of their opposition to that saying that they're really not sure that the CFC's are the main problem yes we have a ozone problem but is it
I like reading papers by scientist that are not mainstream.

What the gentleman may have perceived as amateurish and obnoxious could have been a combination of nervousness and inexperience.
The gentleman was turned off by how amateurish and obnoxious it was.

These were the residential areas of the city, considered desirable when they were first built.
The city had some residential areas that housed 5000 people

There's something else true now, too.
There are many true things now.

Six men tied ropes to the dead combatant to drag him from the pit.
Six men happily dragged the combatant from the pits with ropes.

Because they are on anti-depressants now, they think EVERYONE needs them and have literally been making appointments for their whole families!
The majority of people on anti-depressants could see positive results by other methods.

I'm scared, Anna said quietly.
Anna is letting her friend know she is scared.

The first argument is a political one which presumes significant urban-rural cross subsidizes in delivery.
The first argument is controversial.

The house was built in 1710 for an 18th-century property speculator, one Joshua Dawson, for whom the street was named.
The house was planned to be smaller, but modifications made it larger.

Just the sight of Mastering Linux induced the stomach-churning sense of dread that my sixth-grade math textbook once gave  I don't get this.
I also took history in sixth-grade.

She works for us.
She's our best worker.

R97-1, referring to period 1977-95, Postal Service volume witness Tolley first observed that the general trend has been a decrease in the share of First-Class letters sent by households and an increase in the share sent by non-households.
Tolley spent years collecting data at the Postal Service.

Higher payroll taxes may depress personal saving to the extent that households have less disposable income to save.
Higher payroll taxes will hurt the economy since the public can't save as much.

The total cases reported to LSC for 2000 are 1,012,368.
These cases mostly involved reports of lost cats and dogs.

Obviously, the prisoner would not be likely to go to that drawer?" 146 "Perhaps not."
What they were after was the jewels.

He elaborated, We want to reach out and grow this party.
This party is very small. 

While soccer writers remain emotionally attached to the U.S. team, some, such as ESPN's Jamie Trecker, fault their sloppy play and predict a Chinese victory.
Soccer writers are attached to the US team even though they aren't good.

There were murmurs of protest, but nobody stopped him.
There was amurmering in the crowd about being against it, but nobody tried to stop him.

He said, 'A great many men are mad, and no one knows it.
"A large number of men are angry, and no one is aware of it", he articulated while gesturing us to come close.

Its restored lobby is Hong Kong's most elegant gathering place; afternoon tea here is a visitors' ritual.
Visitors often order a side of crumpets to go with their spot of tea.

got to to strong of a sage taste to it
Sage is a spicy flavor in it.

The coastal route is beautiful, but potentially nerve-wracking; only the southern section from Canico west to Ribeira Brava is served by the excellent highway (via r?¡pida) cut through the mountains.
There is only one highway out of Canico, so there is sometimes heavy traffic jams.

Some kind of instant recognition on his father's part?
Did his father recognize him?

For most people I suppose the first side is difficult without the second.
Most people only care about one side.

This uncertainty in the expected drawings not only indicates that the design was not stable when initial manufacturing began but also shows that there was a significant lack of knowledge about the design.
The design is bound to be a compete failure.

You may have met him already."
You were both at the same party last week.

Under its conductor, David Atherton, it offers Western classical works and new works by Chinese composers in a September-to-June season.
The season runs from September to June to reach the most tourists. 

Return soon.
Please return.

It was never to say the tobacco industry is being mistreated.
They didn't want people to feel sorry for the tobacco industry in the end

Remember to take a warm layer if you intend to see a show during the winter months, as the evenings can be chilly.
All the theme shows will be outdoors during the winter.

Ca'daan's head swam.
Ca'daan had a really big headache.

Its immense columns (the top of each one could accommodate 50 standing children) recreate the papyrus forests of the sacred island from which all life sprang (also representing the landscape of Lower Egypt), and they were highly decorated and brilliantly painted in their heyday.
The papyrus forests add to the sacredness of the island.

They acted like it was my fault you weren't there."
They blamed me for your absence.

uh yeah we have an old fashioned tub sitting that you know water runs into and and uh my husband set up a pump that runs it runs till it's down and then it stops
The water flow stops then starts.

well uh lately since i have children i've cut down on having dinner parties but  when i do i try to keep it pretty simple on things that i can prepare ahead of time
I have kids, so I don't really have time to plan elaborate dinner parties, the kids take up most of my time.

yeah i've done that once or twice i didn't look at the clock when we started talking so i guess we should talk about football a little bit longer just to be sure we got five minutes in
we've already been talking about football for ten minutes

A variety of special-interest tours are also offered.
The special-interest tours are great, the tourists love them.

Your request is very typical.
You would never make an abnormal request.

An' he came to town with them remounts you're buyin'.
He came to town after a long time.

By authorizing processing in a system, a manager accepts the risks associated with it.
A manager is aware of the risks and shares them with colleagues.

A huge unfinished obelisk lies prone but not free from the face.
The obelisk had been abandoned due to cost overruns.

My good Dorcas, it is necessary that I should know every detail of that quarrel as fully as possible. 
The fight was bad. 

The Sticks were coming.
They knew what route was the quickest to take.

The majority of structural steel in modern FGD installations is dedicated to ductwork and supports.
More steel is used for supports than is used for ductwork.

So unlike the truly new generation, I wasn't faced with the debt burden.
The new generation has substantial debt burden.

yeah we're the same because i'm in graduate school and we're living off her salary
She makes more money than I do.

What you will find is a lively workaday business world, hotels overflowing with conventioneers, and an atmosphere that is a refreshing diversion from the celluloid images to the west.
More conventions book in the east coast than the west.

Back in '62 when th' Rebs came poundin' in here, they spoke soft an' nice to Don Cazar.
Don Cazar appreciated the politeness of the rebels.

yeah  we actually don't have we have we're having some problems of own up here with teachers
Teachers here are not paid enough to put up with the problems in our schools. 

yeah  but it's it's  nah you don't count on Social Security but it's it's that's what i'm saying they need to do something else
There is no security in social security. 

 Don Cazar, he's partial to good stock favors Tar, too.
There is a man named Don Cazar and he is of Spanish descent.

yes no that's you're right yeah
Not sure, maybe. 

Even using the more conservative assumptions of this Alternative, the benefits of Clear Skies still outweigh the projected costs of the proposal.
The benefits of the program are quite amazing.

He was a good-looking man, though jowly about the mouth, above which a closely cropped mustache bristled.
The man was good-looking and ladies fawned after him.

Makes you want to watch Sunday's game just to see how it turns out.
Makes you want to go the Stadium on Sunday to see who wins.

It wasn't even a musical.
There play contained three singing and dancing scenes.

But you'll get a much better feel for the medieval atmosphere of a fortified town, with its ramparts and lookout towers, if you park on the western side, by the church of Saint-Gimer, and walk up around the old Ceteau Comtal.
Town is barely visible from the east side because of the mountains.

Or Caltech on Top (Until We Fiddle With Rules Again).
Caltech is very successful.

Meal Times
Times to Eat and Relax.

and our local HEB stores here i don't know if it's HEB statewide or whatever but they have videos that uh i don't know if they still have them but they were free rental videos that had something to do with the war
The videos were very detailed, about three hours long.

At his bidding, French buccaneers and adventurers, some of them noblemen, started planting the flag on Caribbean real estate in 1625.
French buccaneers were sometimes noblemen but othertimes scholars.

It seemed to protest at the unbalanced weight of the sky piece.
The dog seemed upset by the unbalanced weight.

More New Stuff
Refurbished so not really new

In the same way, federal financial management reform has recently gained momentum through the committed support of top federal leaders.
Federal financial management helps federal leaders get paid more. 

see see one of the things that will determine whether they're able to do that or not is not their ability to prove that it is unhealthy because we all know that French fries are not healthy for you it's the capability it's the capability of detecting it
It will be hard to test and detect how French fries are unhealthy.

There was no doubt that the moment had come for me to take the lead. 
I didn't want to take the lead.

If you decided to wreck the sky again, even you might not be able to repair it a second time." He tapped his hands lightly together and the sound of a huge gong reverberated in the room.
The sky has been wrecked many times and has been repaired many times without you.

The gardens are popular with children who enjoy watching the marionette shows, riding donkeys, and sailing boats on the circular ponds.
French children don't go on their phones as much as American children.

These are pretty serious problems.
These problems are looking very grave and if they aren't fixed soon someone will be fired.

Discussed below are two methods of analysis currently under review to accomplish these goals.
During the review process, the methods of analysis in question are implemented on a trial basis.

was it like a primer
Was it a primer or a top coat of paint?

I'm going to get busy after those papers, but I'll be back in two shakes of a dog's tail, and I'll tote you up to London and give you the time of your young life before we go back to the States! 
The papers are vaccination records for the new dog.

I told 'em, no thanks.
I used a calm voice and said "No, thank you."

In the unified budget, federal employee pension benefits are recorded as outlays when paid in cash; these outlays are offset, in whole or in part, by the government's and employees' contributions to the pension programs.
This pension plan gives you 40k a year.

In response, several said they offered higher salaries and special benefits to attract and keep expert staff.
Most experts want to be paid in bars of gold.

at least start saving
Save some now so you have money set aside for larger purchases.

The restored houses of the artists' colony lie in the maze of alleyways to the right.
It is approximately a 6 block area.

Sales of different types of Government assets.
The proceeds from these sales go directly to the department that owns the asset.

okay i'll let you start first okay
You should start because you know more about it.

Later, you'll use this disk to copy the components back onto your hard drive.
The disk can be used to transfer most kinds of flies.

uh Dana Kirk that was their coach down there uh or over there uh he he was uh we was living in Memphis for a while that's why i know about Memphis State
Dana Kirk left for another job.

IRS Systems Security and  Employee Browsing Not Being Addressed Effectively and Budget Requests for New Systems Development Not Justified (GAO/T-AIMD-97-82, April 15, 1997)
The IRS is in need of reform.

now he he is a good uh actually i did i played flute for almost ten years  and and uh so i i i i appreciate his too his his music he he he's from Ireland isn't he
I learned the flute in band.

The original designer, Erwin von Steinbach, began the pink Vosges sandstone facade in 1277, but only got as far as the splendid Gallery of Apostles over the central rosewindow.
Vosges only about 10% completed.

it went fine
Things went well, if only because of me.

He drowned in doubt.
He was very doubtful of his partner.

In a recent e-mail message to McKay, he welcomed the critique and agreed that more prosaic explanations needed to be examined before the Torah codes phenomenon could be ascribed to God.
McKay agreed with this assessment.

He also legalized the hula, Hawaii's traditional dance.
Hula was legalized by him, according to the article.

well well yeah i think they went back for a brief hearing on the sentence
I believe they went back for a brief discussion on the sentence because they couldn't decide between a life sentence and the death penalty.

Now, to my way of thinking, there is one insuperable objection to Miss Howard's being the murderess.
That objection is that she was at the gay bar late last night.

Children of all ages will also love the fabulous colours and shapes of the creatures of the deep on display at Coral World (see page 76) or viewed from aboard one of Eilat's special floating observatory boats.
There are dozens of types of coral at Coral World.

we were we were way behind financially and so haven't really uh quite managed to catch up yet
We are making money but haven't decided if it's enough yet.

Several special rail cards include reduced rates for car rentals and even bicycle rentals.
Now including many discounts, car and even bicycle rentals are covered in several special rail cards.

Very good, Ivan.
This is exactly what we needed.

It took us twenty years to dig our way out of the mountains and the world we found out here was worse than the hell inside.
It took us two long decades to escape the mountain, and now we'd rather go back than remain in this prison.

(For more information on IRS's senior executive performance plans, see app.
The app has a plethora of information 

The report is to include an evaluation of the extent to which the Office met the goals and objectives contained in the 5-year performance plan.
The Office's goals include increasing the number of oranges offered in school lunches.

The landmarks are the air force headquarters (a modern copy of El Escorial) and Madrid's youngest triumphal arch, which commemorates the Franco victory of 1939.
The landmarks commemorate the Franco victory of 1939, and the atrocities that follow.

It may also explain the expression scared stiff (in the sense of tumescent, not in the sense of immobilized by drunken overindulgence in a gift bottle of bourbon that one never received).
Most drunks seem scared.

The city's first settlement in 1781 was at El Pueblo de Los Angeles, now a state historic park at North Main Street and Paseo de la Plaza.
Settlers at this time wore heavy clothing as to prevent the weather from harming their bodies.

The cooling towers were not the only sources of smoke.
The smoke was coming from a lot of places.

After that, my nerve went completely.
I hadn't been confident to begin with. 

There is zinc gum, zinc spray, even zinc lollipops.
You can buy zinc gum at the local pharmacy. 

Dutch and Hieronymus Bosch (c. 1450 1516), whom the Spanish call El Bosco, has three masterpieces in the Prado, including a large triptych called The Garden of Earthly Delights.
Hieronymus Bosch likes being called El Bosco.

Field structures and
Structures of baseball fields.

uh and i i've uh Thirty Something i'm particularly interested but it's the music almost that i find myself listening to
I collect what I'm intetested in. 

No, the fellows at the office said she'd just gone out.
The men at the office said she was gone.

All five of the regulatory agencies that we examined were using some form of IT to notify the public about opportunities to participate in rulemaking and to facilitate the receipt of public comments.
IT is one of the best ways to notify the public about opportunities to participate in rulemaking.

If the rule prevents 5 percent of the hospitalizations associated with the unintended consequences of self-medication, the economic savings could be $39 million annually in direct benefits and $52 million annually from indirect benefits.
The rule saves millions in direct benefits for the nonprofit organizations.

They find it ironic and poignant that someone capable of conceiving of a nuanced theory of rationality could descend into madness (Robert Boynton, Newsday ). (Jim Holt reviews A Beautiful Mind in Slate.)
It's hard to understand how someone could be so rational and the go mad.

Because ”because ”who could have done it? 
It will be difficult to figure out who did it.

Nearby, the church cloister, Clo?®tre Saint-Trophime, with its beautiful sculpted capitals on the pillars, is a haven of peace.
The church cloister had to be rebuilt several times throughout history.

'Of course,' Krueger said, 'I may be oversimplifying.
Krueger sarcastically said he was oversimplifying things. 

I should be better soon.
I will probably improve shortly, then we can go back to the house.

Does this mean that you will be happier when the information comes out?
The information would lead to the loss of company secrets, particularly regarding software development for Emily the Dragon's comeback as a game character. 

The opposite may be the case.
The opposite of a murder.

In 1341 it was taken from the English by William of Douglas.
William of Douglas seized it from the English as a gift for his wife.

Nearby is the Outer Chamber of Mary, Queen of Scots, where she socialized with her favorites and debated religion with John Knox.
Mary was the Queen of Scots for 50 years.

First, it loses sales of Windows 95.
It sold half the units that Windows 95 sold.

yeah it is me too that's why i got the Honda Hondas have great resale value
Hondas have an excellent resale value, but it cost me a lot.

pretty close well it was nice talking to you too Jim
Nice to have talked with you for these few minutes Jim.

Contractual arrangements for attestation engagements performed in accordance with GAGAS should provide for full and timely access to audit documentation to facilitate reliance by other auditors on the auditors' work, as well as reviews of audit quality control and assurance.
Arrangements for attestation should let you be able to see birth certificates.

It also, to be fair, means that Eastwood can go where the Sylvester Stallones and Arnold Schwarzeneggers and Steven Seagals daren't.
Eastwood is more popular than Stallone or Seagal.

The use of computerized, tailored messaging represents an important technique to provide targeted, individualized feedback to patients considered most open to change messages.
Patients have responded overwhelming to the tailored messaging. 

Then he sat on the edge of the bed to think.
He sat to think about his future.

So, hail to you, my lace-bedecked bus mate!
We are going to have a great bus trip today.

In my opinion the whole thing is a mare's nest of Bauerstein's! 
I am fairly certain Baurstein is to blame.

The questioning resumed.
The investigator took a break but soon returned to ask more questions.

So, why not just develop a convenient cat allergy?
Why don't you pretend you can't be anywhere near cats?

Which somehow doesn't seem to be the best way to prepare for the next decade.
A better way to prepare for the next years would be to stock up on firewood and mosquito repellant.

Indian Airlines' Discover India plan offers 21 days of unlimited travel and is less economic than single tickets, but buy them en bloc with confirmed reservations that you should reconfirm at each new airport.
Buying single tickets is cheaper, but ends up being a bigger hassle.

yeah and so that would be that would be see there're too many things that go against it that would be ridiculous
If there were less things, it wouldn't be as ridiculous.

Now I'm sure it looks to you like a big metal spike because frankly, that is what it is.
You probably think weapons should stay inside the house.

Make no the times may be changing, but without gambling, there would be no Forum Shops, no pirate ships, no Bellagio Gallery of Fine Art.
Gambling has shaped everything in Vegas and made it more difficult to find things outside of that activity.

Even Quayle and Bennett had to agree.
The point was easy to get onboard with.

Emissions were reduced faster than required, and at far less cost.
Under the current legislation, emissions are declining at a swift pace.

into the system i thought that would be good experience for me and i've applied at another district where many of the children are Asian
I have applied to three districts so far.

Two large wrestlers, symbolic of the first Malla, a strongman, flank the open porch of this structure, and a gilded Garuda kneels on a column above.
There used to be three large wrestlers that symbolized the first Malla.

In Orange County, Newport Beach is a major center for rentals, and so is Dana Point further to the south.
Other places in Orange County are major centers for rentals.

Cherpitel reported that patient self-report of drinking prior to arrival had a sensitivity of 29% for alcohol problems in the ED.
People that took responsibility for their addiction sobered quicker. 

The first mergers occurred in 1996 subsequent to LSC funding cuts, when the smallest LSC program, North Central West Virginia Legal Aid Society merged with the largest program West Virginia Legal Services Plan.
There wasn't a need for LSC mergers before 1996.

The creature inside barley had a face but somehow, instinctively, I recognised it.
It scared me to see who it was.

George Custer's left pinkie has, over the years, been traded for a horse and sold for its weight in gold.
George Cluster lost his pinkie in a famous battle.

For example, an LSC grantee could represent a welfare claimant who argued that an agency made an erroneous factual determination or that an agency misread or misapplied a term contained in an existing welfare statute.
The agency makes quite a lot of mistakes.

there's no question about it because everybody was playing good together except the quarterbacks and the quarterbacks just didn't do anything
The quarterbacks on the team are the worst that I've ever seen, they don't work with their team at all.

This resulted in the emergence of a new class of so-called  statesmen  or yeomen farmers, who came to comprise a new middle class.
After working for 10 years in the same position, the farmers will become higher class.

This is the most curiously located of the stations, in the Ethiopian Convent on the roof of the Church of the Holy Sepulchre.
The Ethiopian Convent is the most curiously located station because it is so far out of the way.

I hired the boy here and can still pay the guards.
I hired a boy to do the gardening.

right yeah have something to rebel against
Rebel against authority.

Sir James shook hands with him warmly.
Their hands were clean.

okay that's what i'm saying there there's so much problem with the handouts and then now by the economy being like it is this is the worst time they could have for everybody coming into the United States
The economy has been as its worst lately.

I can help you, said Ca'daan.
Ca'daan offered to help ward off the mob.

well there are those that that that think that that that the Panama Canal has some considerable strategic importance particularly for the military interestingly enough my father was who was in World War Two and as uh as a civil engineer they they they offered him a commission as a captain if he would uh go in and and uh help with the defenses of the Panama Canal he had worked with United Fruit Company
The panama canal will help the united states.

Queer, he said thoughtfully.
He had a thoughtful comment about the man.

Moreover, the pervasive changes confronting the Congress and the nation present an opportunity for the Congress to reconsider the approach it takes to oversight responsibilities.
If Congress does not take this opportunity to address its approach to oversight responsibilities, the chance may be lost forever.

Washington, D.C.: December 31, 1986.
There was a big party in Washington, D.C. on December 31st, 1986.

Or only an American millionaire of unfortunate ancestry? 
It also could have been just that this person was an American, wealthy, but from an unrespected family.

If only some had survived, the ship might have been repaired."
If some of the aliens had survived, they could have fixed the ship and left by now.

Not too many jocks are Rhodes Scholars, observed Cousy, arguing that Bradley personifies the virtues of team sports.
There are many advantages to being involved in sports.

Do I make myself clear?'
It was horribly intimidating when the commander stared me dead in the eyes when I wasn't paying attention and yelled into my face "Do I make myself clear?".

um-hum oh yeah it'll be comfortable
The car will be comfortable.

For further contacts regarding this testimony, please contact J. Christopher Mihm at (202) 512-8676.
J. Christopher Mihm gave his testimony in front of Congress.

Along the way, you're sure to discover places you never knew existed in Jamaica, worth an hour's visit or several days of exploration.
Jamaica has numerous places to avoid as well as visit.

Indeed, Banks has written a useful survey of African-American scholars and writers and the ways in which they have worked throughout the history of the republic.
Banks is an African-American scholar himself.

a with a certain style and then you try to make it a little bit more listenable for let's say another audience let's say a North American and then when they hear it it it it's a really it's another form of music and you know it's sort of um trying to draw out the best sources the the best of every type of music
North Americans have odd tastes.

The Kamakura shogunate was founded late in the 12th century after a long and bloody rivalry between two noble factions over control of the imperial court.
In the 12th century, a feast was held to celebrate founding of the Kamakura shogunate.

Besides, deep down I really do think you agree with me.'
'Even though is a sensitive topic, we think the same.'

The main entrance is through an inverted glass pyramid designed by American architect I.M.
The inverted glass pyramid at the main entrance is architect I.M.'s greatest achievement.

well yeah you you want it you want them to check what's what's needful for your safety and so forth but the other sounds like a fluke when they didn't do it you you you should have known when you went in the first time uh the if there were if you needed four tires okay fine but tell me all at the same time
They made a mistake.

A taxi can take you almost to the very top of the hill, but it is more interesting to follow the pilgrims' route and climb the 365 steps that lead up through a wooded park filled with monkeys.
The taxi fare will typically be around $20.

that's right you know i remember when i was working in high school you know i was working in an office and right right after i got out of high school i continued working there for probably another year and we did everything on a typewriter
I was not very fast with the typewriter back then.

A cable car takes you to Mont d'Arbois (1,833 m/6,014 ft) for a great view of the Aravis peaks and Mont Blanc.
A cable car runs year round bringing you up to Mont d'Arbois.

Its colonies on the peninsula's west coast brought with them the Malay language (Malayu was the name of a state on Sumatra).
There were colonies on the west coast with thousands of residents.

oh yes and that does take sometime yes we're trying to get acclimated with the uh with having a baby and there's just he's seven months old
Even though the baby is seven months, getting acclimated is a struggle.

These here hosses is goin' to be treated jus' like th' good stuff they is.
These hosses will be treated well with the finest food money can buy.

When not possible until after the end of the pay period, a copy of the T&amp;A report and related documents, when applicable, should be provided to the employee promptly for attestation and to the timekeeper promptly for verification.
A T&A report should be given to the employee to be verified correctly.

But the Shopping Avenger was born again.
They avenged shopping, everyone was happy. 

In the same area, however, right alongside the Egyptian border, are the best beaches and the most outstanding underwater scenery in the whole country.
The best surfing is near the beaches on the Egyptian border.  

The fighters of the western mountains had their own songs, the rizitika, with lyrics praising bravery and patriotism.
The rizitika were ancient songs whose origin was hard to determine. 

Much of this vulnerability may eventually be neutralized by encryption and other tricks.
Most of the vulnerabilities that are found are exploited by 400-pound hackers in their bedrooms.

oh that's fascinating uh-huh
That is the most interesting thing I have heard in a month.

Idiot! said Tommy amiably.
He was offended by Tommy's remark.

Corporations have responded by funneling millions into ANC campaign coffers.
The ANC was the only campaign that was prepared to back the corporations.

General de Gaulle marked the 1944 Liberation of Paris with a mass here, and in 1970 his death was similarly commemorated.
General de Gaulle was revered in Paris.

Turn north on Rue Damiette, graced by some of the town's handsomest old houses.
Many notable people have lived on Rue Damiette through the centuries.

The barons of Beynac lost it in turn to Richard the Lion-Heart and Simon de Montfort, Earl of Leicester, before turning it into a Renaissance palace.
Richard the Lion-Heart was the most famous person to possess it.

No sugar? 
You don't want sugar in your tea?

they couldn't make this kind of money they couldn't live that kind of life style anywhere else
They couldn't make that kind of money or live that lifestyle anywhere else than the United States

It just sounds wrong.
There are better ways to say it.

Having another head in the picture is a distraction.
Another person's head being in the picture distracts from the beauty of the scene.

He is a man of unflappable ignorance who, despite the round-the-clock presence of his librarian wife, remains all but illiterate.
He might be smart, but he cannot read.

News ought to shy away from horse-race headlines such as Caltech Comes out on Top.
Horse-race headlines shouldn't make news at all.

As a rule, he surrounded his wife with little attentions, placing a cushion at her back, and altogether playing the part of the devoted husband. 
In addition to placing a cushion at her back, he also brought her some food.

Did you ever hear such a name?" But at that moment two elderly ladies rose and collected parcels, and Tuppence deftly ensconced herself in one of the vacant seats.
The elderly ladies had no intentions of returning to their seats.

One stood a head higher than Jon was used to.
Jon was surprised that the person was 6'4".

Yet think of the changes it would bring to society.
Thing of all the ways society would be changed by it.

The old warehouses have been transformed into upscale apartments and fashionable office buildings, and there is a buzz of chic commercial activity that has spawned smart restaurants and wine bars.
After transforming the old warehouses, the upscale apartments within them are too expensive for many to afford.

The basic access authority is established in 31 U.S.C.
Basic access authority is explained in 31 USC

He was like that - he wanted to have the big moment all for himself.
He was a little greedy, only wanting the big finale to himself.

ninety four point one is fun
I enjoy listening to ninety four point one.

You've been hiring Rebs again!"Once before Drew had seen explosive anger curbed visibly by a man who knew the folly of losing control over his emotions.
Drew has seen many angry men because he worked with a lot of them.

Alright, Van Zandt is one of my heroes, and I think his portrayal of a low-wattage Soprano soldier is a rip, so I'm prejudiced, but there was a kind of joy in that one scene that is missing from the rest of the episode.
Van Zandt's portrayal of a soldier was acclaimed as the best ever.

Traditionally, certifying or disbursing officers2 responsibilities extended throughout the payment process.
Officers of the law are often not paid enough for the work that they do.

However, the protocol did not ask patients which behaviors they were motivated to change.
No one cared why patients were there in the first place. 

So that's the next 
After this there aren't any others left

well we differ there
We don't have the same hair color. 

but uh i don't understand why the young girls feel like they have to build roads and they have to that kind of job uh to go out there and shovel that tar and
I never had the urge to do work like that.

demand function Expenditure elasticity of Demand = One percent increase in the household's total expenditure, M, brings about what percentage change in household-level demand for good j, Dj
Price elasticity of Demand = change in demand divided by change in price

Mistuh Nye says to tell you he'll be back.
Mister Nye said he'll be back tomorrow. 

Don't lie on the floor - reach for the ceiling!
Doing your best is what most people would rather see instead of giving up.

How long should you date a man before deciding if he is right for you?
How long before you know if a man you are dating is someone you want to marry?

Fischel is also the author of  The Conspiracy To Destroy Michael Milken and His Financial Revolution . Administrators protest that they are only keeping pace with their  UNEXT has already signed on with Columbia, while Harvard, Stanford, and Cornell are considering commercial partners for their own online programs.
Fischel wrote a book about Michael Milken that was praised by book critics.

But the expense, my dear sir. His voice rose.
But the huge cost, my dear sir. His voice rose.

Prince Mieszko, leader of the Piast dynasty that ruled the Polonians, undertook the bold step to unify the Polanie (literally, people of the fields ) and neighboring tribes.
At war, much of the wealth and resources are lost, but unified, Polonians could achieve something greater.

The Powerscourt Townhouse on Clarendon Street (follow the sign from Grafton Street) is more upscale, and specializes in restaurants and cafes, and antiques, jewelry, and clothing stores.
The cafes in The Powerscourt Townhouse are considered to be the best in Ireland.

The self-immolation of widows, known as sati a widow becomes sati, a  virtuous woman,  by climbing onto her husband's funeral pyre has disappeared, but the monkey-god Hanuman and elephant-headed Ganesh are still idolized, and nobody will dare to deny the sanctity of the cow and all her  milk, curd, butter, and dung, the last of which is used for fuel.
Intervention by the United Nations was the primary reason as to why this self-immolation practice stopped.

7) Starr will be investigated.
Starr deserves to be investigated. 

The academy was founded by Cardinal Richelieu to be the supreme arbiter of the French language.
Cardinal Richelieu was dogmatic and intolerant towards those with differing views on the French language.

Furthermore, Congress recently passed a Taxpayer Bill of Rights that makes it easier for taxpayers to sue the IRS and increases the amount of damages that can be collected in these suits.
Many more taxpayers sue the IRS now that the Taxpayer Bill of Rights has been passed. 

Right before Christmas a new toy appeared in stores.
A new Elmo toy appeared in stores.

but uh that that's not real life to me so
I like to live my life.

However, not all critical processes will be new or unique to a specific weapon system.
Some critical processes are the same in all weapon systems.

yeah i like the lessons it's a good uh good it's got a lot of good morals to it so i enjoy that one
I also enjoy the lessons when they don't have good morals.

Coughing and choking on what must be his own blood, he scrabbled at the knife and ripped it out.
He knew he would die if he left the knife in. 

I hope they see reason.
I hope the jury sees reason. 

I suppose, I may not ask you, monsieur, what first led you to suspect the fact?" Poirot smiled and answered: "A scribbled over old envelope, and a freshly planted bed of begonias." John, I think, would have pressed his questions further, but at that moment the loud purr of a motor was audible, and we all turned to the window as it swept past. 
ALl of us were inside of a castle.

All he seems to have learned in the war is how to use those guns of his to lord it over anyone he believes he can push around.
He uses guns to intimidate people because he thinks it shows power.

okay well i'm going to tell you what i'd have
I like talking to people about things I would have.

yeah rotationary thing
It's set up to be on a rotation because we've found it's easiest that way.

yeah i think we were all pretty much uh Astros fans in the in the National National League Championship Series but there's like two fellows
The man thinks that they were all Astros fans in the Championship.

and parts of Vermont um they showed pictures of of extensive tree damage that they attributed to acid rain  um
Not all of Vermont is affected by acid rain.

Figure 7: Work Conducted for the Congress
They mainly had the unpaid interns doing the tasks.

So far, the former has been more vulnerable to diversion than the later.
The latter has always been more resistant to diversion.

But there's all the difference in the world between the prudent, close-mouthed Norman and the vociferous, easy-going Provencal, between the pious Breton and the pagan sophisticate of Paris.
Paris is home to many languages due to it's lengthy history.

The sinuous white-knuckle coastal road and its sheer drop of rugged cliffs and ravines tames even the most audacious Italian driver.
Italian drivers are renowned for being careless drivers.

So much for McCain's war against cynicism.
McCain did not seem happy that his fight against bitterness was unsuccessful. 

right the quality that you can out off with one of those as compared to one of those dot matrix printers
Other printers lack the ability to cut it off.

1These standards are listed in a table included in the final rule.
The standards discuss proper handling of documents.

I accept.
I accept the payment as payment in full. 

The overseas empire expanded in the East and West Indies, and arts and letters flourished in this age of enlightenment.
In this age of enlightenment, arts and letters flourished, but also techniques.

In a terrible state of repair.
It had been neglected for years.

Many policies are implemented and, to some extent, enforced by technical controls, such as logical access controls that prevent individuals from reading or altering data in an unauthorized manner.
Technical controls are the most effective way to enforce policies.

you know i mean i just don't believe it i think there are other ways to fix it even though sometimes there aren't but
I think if people try really hard, they can fix it.

Isolationist Buchanan refloats an old John McLaughlin  We shouldn't be too worried about weapons of mass destruction in Saddam's hands.
Buchanan said Saddam wouldn't hurt anyone.

His decision to resign and run for the ambassadorship few expect him to win should be treated like these other nutty episodes.
His decision to resign and run for the ambassadorship he doesn't have much of a chance at should be treated like his nutty decision to run for mayor a few years ago.

you mean i understand when they pulled the troops out of uh or they reduced the number of troops in Europe after the Berlin Wall went down i thought that was great but by no means do i endorse or approve pulling everybody out
It jeopardizes security and stability to pull all the troops out at once.

Whether, in an age of multinational capitalism, we may talk reasonably about a post-colonial era is way beyond the scope of this article.
We can talk about the era more in depth on tv versus the article.

They want laws that punish them as delinquent babysitters.
The teachers want laws that punish the students as delinquent babysitters. 

An essay claims the left and the right now function solely in reaction to the Reagan revolution and the Sixties, respectively.
There is no room for outside influence on either side.

He believed it was magic.
Magic isn't real, so he was wrong.

i i seems like it was on a Friday Friday or Saturday
I think it was a Friday or Saturday, but I"m not sure.

Italian Protestants fled and Jews in Rome were restricted to a ghetto (50 years later than the Venice ghetto, Europe's first) and expelled from Genoa and Lucca.
In 1900 Jews were confined to a ghetto due to Italian Protestants fleeing.

Most Italians are naturally cheerful and friendly towards foreigners.
Foreigners are always friendly to Italians.

i've had a chance to i had a chance to terminate and uh L O A and back to L O A
I had a chance to terminate LOA but I decided against it because I love LOA.

For example, agencies are to establish performance measures to gauge how well their information technology supports their program efforts.
Agencies are supposed to establish performance measures to gauge how well the computer technology supports program efforts

Exhibit 17 Key Sensitivity Analyses for the Clear Skies Act in 2010A
Exhibit 17 has so many aspects. 

I tried not to catch the implied threat.
I tried not to hear the death threat directed towards me.

The Departments of Labor and Health and Human Services performed an economic impact analysis on the effects of the interim rules.
The Departments of Labor and Health and Human Services concluded that the interim rules are too harsh.

The training and career development programs of the leading finance organizations we visited provided intensive 2to 3year entry level programs as well as midcareer and executivelevel programs that used both classroom instruction and rotational assignments to develop technical, management, and leadership skills and competencies.
Finance organizations would rather have control over the quality of training received.

-The table of contents of 8 this Act is as 
There is a table of contents on page 8

yeah yeah but it's it's doing pretty well now i think everybody's
I think it's working well, but can do better

It has few facilities for tourists, but a friendly atmosphere and a good archaeological museum that exhibits a giant kourose m (16 ft) high.
Although it has few facilities for tourists, it is still heavily visited because of it's friendly atmosphere.

Even when it would seem blatantly self-serving, his unpredictability jibes with the public's expectation that his personal wealth will allow him to do whatever he thinks is right.
He is unpredictable in how he governs the country.

This sequence was not explicitly designed or studied as a screening test.
There are no studies down to show if this is a good screening test or not.

Traditionally, FEMA had concentrated its efforts on post-disaster assistance.
They are well prepared to help in a timely manner.

We also make adjustments to account for expected changes in WTP over time as per capita income increases.
We make adjustments daily to account for predicted changes in WTP.

Commanding a rocky promontory in West End with views of spectacular sunsets, this collection of thatch-roofed villas has a tranquil setting.
The thatched roofed villas sometimes leak rainwater.

you know so uh i don't know how i mean i never really watched that a lot of TV when i was younger but my parents really didn't allow us to watch that much TV so i don't know
I could only watch TV at friends' houses when I was younger.

What, said Jon.
What did you say, said Jon.

How was he to know? 
It was impossible for him to know.

According to the Wall Street Journal Washington Wire, Clinton advisor Bruce Lindsey had a phone conversation last summer with.Linda Tripp.
Linda Tripp initiated the conversation.

The ability to retrofit a large number of SCR systems over a short period of time was exemplified in Germany during the late 1980s.
Germany was the only country retrofitting SCR systems in the 1980s.

Its golden 18th-century architecture makes it a rewarding stopover on any journey between Paris and Alsace.
The design created in 1776 makes it a nice place to stop on the way.

That eye's fadin' good, Drew, only two colors now, ain't it?"Drew grunted and Nye laughed.
Nye laughed quietly at his misfortune this morning.

Your mother's a big influence on you.
Your mother definitely has a big influence on you no matter how the relationship between you two went.

The Final Report and Order provides a detailed discussion of comments and Commission reactions to them.
The final report gives details about the comments that were collected on the site.

Both they and their long bright boats are called Saintois.
They couldn't think of a different name, so both they and their boats are called Saintois.

By nightfall, when thousands of commuters flee to the suburbs and the streets are deserted save for a few homeless begging for change it's best to drive or take a cab.
Commuters leave for the suburbs at 8PM.

The 1894 Sino-Japanese War for control of the Korean markets and the strategic region of southern Manchuria was a triumph for Japan's modernized army over China's larger but much less well-organized forces.
Other world powers were terrified by Japan's display of strength.

oh gosh yeah four at a hundred dollars a night that's not still not too bad
I prefer to say gosh than use any curse words.

The entrance to the palace is via the main staircase bright, airy, and ceremonious beneath an arched ceiling.
The palace entrance is ornate and has floors made of marble.

( Does this disqualify Di from Time 's Woman of the Year honor next week?)
Since the scandal, did that disqualify Di from Woman of the Year?

He would not have to be told who he is, writes Cohen.
Cohen wrote his truth

I am sticky and hot and not very happy.
I have been sweating all day.

I'm through! 
I don't care if you're forced to do this yourself.

The progression of the campaign will also rescue Gore from his Vice Presidential Malaise.
The progression of the campaign will result in good things for lots of people.

yeah oh yeah it's there was just too much detail there for the for the neophyte
The book had too much unfamiliar terms for new readers.

The Las Vegas Invitational held every fall famed as Tiger Woods' first professional tournament in 1996 is considered the city's top golf attraction.
Tiger Woods brought popularity The Las Vegas Invitational when he won his first tournament in 1996.

Volume II will present the following appendices and may present 
The second volume will present the following totally unabridged: 

The building on the site dates from 1591 and served as a council chamber and courthouse for the town in addition to collecting tolls.
The building was once a jail, but isn't anymore.

Costs and Volumes with 25% of Non-Delivery Institutional Costs Long-Run Variable
Educational institutional costs are variable in the long-term.

even though the all the college campuses now the they're saying that the majority of of uh students uh drink
Students only drink on college campuses for parties. 

i have aerobics on Monday nights too i just didn't quite make it tonight because i was caught up at work for too long but
I value working overtime far more than I value doing aerobics on Monday nights.

However, he thought the human subjects aspect might not belong, because human subjects issues will not affect screening and intervention on a daily basis in the clinical setting.
Subjects such as mice will be affected by screening and intervention on a daily basis.

yeah they allow it under certain circumstances you have to to prove that you're teaching them something you have to follow
You have to show them how others will benefit from it.

Slim shook his head slightly.
Slim tried to stop the others by shaking his head.

would be mere waste of labour.
 It required a lot of labor.

A very elegant, well-run hotel just steps from Gran V?­a, but insulated to keep the noise out.
The hotel costs a large sum due to the elegance and the land where it is locates.

In answer to a quick command, the girl went forward to take her place in the boat.
The girl always followed commands when they were given to her. 

The implied VSL for younger populations is less than that for older populations because the value per life year is higher for older populations.
The recommended VSL is higher for older populations because of the value per life year. 

Fresh fruit and vegetables are piled high, hunks of meat are displayed, and the air is filled with the scent of exotic spices; vendors announce their wares with loud chants.
It's a good place to stock up on food for the week.

The name Bosphorus is derived from the mythological character Io, who swam across the strait after being turned into a heifer by Zeus (Bosphorus means ford of the ox in Greek).
Zeus was the god of the gods, and had a insatiable sexual appetite.

Livingston changed my life, he says.
Livingston was a role model to many people.

These are glitzy affairs, where foreigners get soaked and approached by hustlers of all stripes.
Foreigners come to glitzy affairs where they are treated like celebrities.

 "Lutterfield?
He is asking for Lutterfield because he wants to talk to him.

For a puck they used one of the millions of experimental bacillus, and one-arm pincettes, which as it happened also resembled hockey sticks, served as sticks.
They made their own hockey game using lab equipment.

Children learn many traditional dances, and shows are put on by folk dance troupes at resorts as well as during fiestas.
Kids learn traditional dances and perform them for their parents.

yes when is yours on
Is yours on Tuesdays?

From the Place des Abbesses, take Rue Ravignan to 13 Place Emile-Goudeau.
The trip from Place des Abbesses to 13 Place Emile-Goudeau is approximately 5 minutes.

It's become a pattern in reports of Clinton's sexual advances that friends of the women in question confirm the advance but often say it wasn't unwelcome.
Clinton's sexual advances were confirmed by the women in question.

Both old and young take part, attesting to the growing revival of interest in Spain's rich heritage of traditional dance and music.
Spain has a heritage of dance and music going back for centuries. 

and you get sequestered or something then you're there for months
You hoped not to be sequestered.

E-mail Slate readers will get the survey by e-mail.
Slate subscribers who receive the magazine electronically and are in good standing can check their e-mails for the poll.

i mean yeah where i you know kind of stuff i do i i use my education quite a bit but where i was before i wasn't using it hardly at all so it all depends i mean it depends on where you wind up i guess but i really enjoyed teaching it you know i but wouldn't mind getting back into it someday but who knows what'll happen in the future the way people are being laid off right and left it's all a matter of uh what happens next but uh back back to the taxes though i mean uh it's a difficult issue no one wants their taxes raised but on the other hand you got to do something
Taxes are a difficult issue, no one wants their taxes rised, but they want to get more things from the state, so you know...

I tried asking myself what I would do.
I figured out I would do it.

President Clinton called it one of history's most remarkable triumphs of human freedom.
Clinton's appointees agreed with him.

The river itself flows through changing terrain, from its source in the Auvergne mountains through deep gorges to fertile lowlands and on to the sea near Bordeaux.
The river flows past several large cities.

up up had broken or sheared or whatever and they measured the tread and i didn't know they did that to the tires
The tires had to be replaced. 

and then they don't and they but they could make them better you know they could try to make i mean as far as i was concerned Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles could have been a classic of world theater
If they'd have given Michael Bay the job then you can guarantee the explosive effects would have won people over.

A man in leather armor, cuffed and guarded for dueling, stood at the door.
The man was waiting for his opponent and debated knocking down the door. 

Look there.
You won't believe what I see.

For Irish country cheeses, go to Sheridan's Cheesemongers on South Anne Street, or the Big Cheese Company on Trinity Street.
Sheridan's Cheesemongers has the most authentic local cheese. 

yeah i would right now i would rather not have one at home because i would work at home
I am thinking about putting one in my home so I don't have to leave.

It is possibly the most tried and true dramatic plot known to man.
It is the most dramatic plot known to man.

uh i don't know sort of dumb what kind of food would you have in a dinner party well it depends on what kind of people you got coming over so we'll leave it at that
You would not serve oysters at a dinner party for vegetarians.

(Jane continues to eat her scabs, even as she's being civilized.
Jane is disgusting, she eats her scabs. 

yeah i'd seen the storm you were talking about when it hit um up around the Chicago area uh they had a little film clip about how bad it was up there and i just could not believe how much ice that thing was carrying with it
the storm had a lot of ice because of lake effect

You bet your life it was." Tommy shook his head unconvinced.
Tommy couldn't shake the feeling that he wasn't telling all he knew.

oh that's crazy
The schedule is crazy.

right well it's not true though we're not anymore
We aren't anymore because we don't have the budget.

 Also on the premises are a nightclub with a floor show and an art gallery.
The art gallery is the main attraction of the premises.

In a few minutes I was knocking at the door of Leastways Cottage. 
I hurried over the Leastways Cottage to knock on the doorl

But come in, Dorcas is here."
Dorcas came after a lengthy absence. 

No city ever stood here, just the colossal Temple of Apollo, one of the largest and most elegant temples in the ancient world.
The Temple of Apollo is also one of the oldest temples worldwide.

i can't remember where i i read that recently somewhere and i can't remember where but i thought it was up there  so that's interesting because New Hampshire
I read a lot of different magazines so I'm not sure which one may have at the article.

They'll find my body.
They will find me dead in the bushes.

Lombardy, Piedmont, and the Ligurian coast make up the country's most proserous region.
The country's poorest region is in the south-west.

On Wednesday, April 30, police in Pecos, 80 miles from Ft.
Pecos is 80 miles southeast from the town.

These revisions include the following.
There are revisions.

i have difficulty getting them to fit me comfortably any how and so uh uh i just feel that uh you know each person has to dress to their own liking and for their own comfort
He was responsible for dealing with the employee's needs.

Susan and I must leave by tomorrow evening.
Tomorrow evening is when the marauders show up.

Let's take video games as an example.
Board games are also an example.

Nine families displaced by a fire at Alamo Hills Apartments in March filed lawsuits Wednesday against the apartment complex.
Lawsuits scared the apartment owners.

The bones proved to be those of a male who was tall for his time (5 feet 9 inches).
The bones proved to be male, with a height of around 69 inches.

On The Simpsons , for example, Nixon has appeared in caricature at least 20 times (according to the Simpsons Archive Web site).
Nixon has made multiple appearances on The Simpsons, because it is a symbol.

The palace grounds are a pleasant place for a walk, especially the English Garden behind the Petit Ceteau.
Many joggers also run along the palace grounds, it is famous for this.

The frightening conclusion, if mockery precedes mimicry, is that any minute now we'll all be working for Tina Brown.
Tina Brown is one of the most terrible bosses around.

uh-huh you uh when you core it you be real careful so you won't knock your flowers off
When you're coring it, you have to watch out around you so that you don't knock stuff over, like your flowers.

yeah and it if you don't have i don't i it's my feeling that if you don't have a role model to follow then it's kind of tough you know everybody's not Father Knows Best
It's tough without a role model.

'We are that, ma'am.' Harland said briskly.
Harland strongly agreed with her.

Yes, it's really time for Monica to go.
Monica will no longer provide anything to us at this time.

A drop-ship discount might also evoke type-1 worksharing activity.
People love to gossip at work. 

Saddam obviously cares nothing for the suffering of his people, except to display their torn bodies on television as evidence of American evil.
Sadaam doesn't care if all his people die.

After all, their cult of youth has successfully preached that aging can be staved off by medical  hair implants, skin peels, and liposuction.
The procedures are successful in reducing aging.

112th Edition, Washington, DC US Department of Commerce, Bureau of Economic Analysis.
There are other government buildings on 112th Edition, Washington, DC.

Adrin picked himself up again, a look of anger and frustration.
Adrin was angry about losing the last battle.

Similarly, we used an intermediate resolution grid (12 km x 12 km) to model ozone in inner OTAG states where population density is high and ozone transport is a major problem.
Inner OTAG states need more ozone.

The case could be made, and Meet Joe Black could serve as Exhibit A. Pitt plays two roles in this seven course schlockfest.
The case would be successful if it was made.

It wouldn't do for an Explorer to be too easily impressed.
An Explorer wouldn't be very good if they thought everything was great.

Ah, my friend, one may live in a big house and yet have no comfort. After which piece of moralizing, he resumed his search. 
He continued his search for comfort because it was not found in a large house. 

Hard as it may be to remember in a bull market, society doesn't get any richer when UPR exchanges its cash for Pennzoil's shares.
In a bear market, it is much easier to remember that.

yeah make it difficult enough
Make it harder for them to get drugs.

Interview system operators and users to determineif the system has been successfully integrated into the existing environment.
Systems usually fail when being integrated into existing environments.

No matter how much information gets loaded into it, the Internet is never going to transform the dynamics of human behavior.
The internet is incapable of overpowering humans in this world

The Republicans who hold real power keep Barr at a distance.
Barr does not hold real power.

i mean i think there's a lot of waste in in schools i'm a teacher i feel that yes i feel i definitely feel that way all this money that's being paid for administrators
I think people throw away too much paper in schools.

so uh i do although i'm a lawyer's daughter and i have lawyer's and judges on both sides of the family and uncles and cousins and things like that i really
I see exactly what the issue is because I'm familiar with the law.

it's going to take uh it's going to take all of us getting together i'm sorry i'm trying to my kid is asking for a kiss and a hug so he can go to bed  it's going to take all of us you know getting together and just saying we are not going to take it any more
It's going to take all of us together to get what we want done.

Sorry to be picky, but when precisely did Mr. Plotz speak to History?
Sorry to rush you, but did Mr. Plotz say that History has a secret.

Charlie Rose is on television every night, without diminishing our ...
Charlie is famous for his comedy sketches and witty banter.

Our work has shown that agencies can improve the extent to which they devolve authority for employees to make decisions and the extent to which they hold employees accountable for results.
Our work has shown that agencies can improve the extent to which they provide free hot meals to their customers

Jon and Thorn turned back to the rest of the group.
Jon and Thorn found their way back to the others, but were hesitant to do so.

at my uh my uh mother-in-law's house and uh
We got married at my wife's mother's house.

It was an epic struggle, which was to last 22 years.
The struggle changed the physical and social landscape.

 "He's green, but, yes, I'll do it."Drew's motives were mixed.
he did it.

I was, as we say, slammed.
I was slammed by a car.

right when it just as soon as it stops freezing
It is hard to estimate when the last frost will occur. 

If you are confused, join the club so are the experts.
If you are confused, join the club so are the experts because there is no clear historical record.

Watersports/ There are beaches at Malahide and Dollymount, but the best are in the south at Bray and Killiney.
The beaches in Malahide are not as good.

U.S. construction employment and unemployment ...
U.S. construction employment and unemployment in Montana

Visitors must travel here, by boat, as an excursion from a surrounding island, alighting at a small jetty beside the ancient port, now silted up.
Tourists have to pay a lot of money to take a boat from a nearby island.  

Slate page in 0.0266 seconds.
A slate page is an unknown term for most people.

Hey, Mambo!Mambo Italiano ...Go, go, Joe!You mixed-up Siciliano
"Mambo Mambo Italiano, Go, Go, Joe!" they yelled as Joe had seemed to find himself in a very, very bad mix-up with Siciliano, somebody who could end his life in just a few short moments.

Central  1) Complainants no longer need to show that their careers suffered as a result of the harassment.
Harassment may have caused the careers of complainants to suffer.

Lesbian and gay travelers will find integrated nightlife in the so-called Gay Triangle area on Paradise Road.
A lot of travelers are wary of Paradise Road as a destination, however.

The case study was given a purpose-program evaluation-beyond that of illustration, exploration, or generation of hypotheses.
The case study was given an evaluation at a very deep level.

Oh, just by asking her questions, replied Sir James easily.
Sir James suggested to ask her questions.

'Optimism is a virtue,' White snapped.
White was mad at his pessimistic partner. 

First opened in 1831, it reopened in 2000 after a renovation resuscitated much of its historic character.
It was actually closed in 1938.

However, the Ptolemies were responsible for building and refurbishing several important temples in Upper Egypt, including Denderah, Philae, and Edfu.
.The Ptolemies built 40 temples in Upper Egypt.

During FY 1998, the most recent year for which statistics are available, the USDOL certified 34,898 job openings and approximately 4,000 employers.
There are no statistics produced prior to 1998.

And when an egg hatches, you don't try to put it back together!"  He didn't look like a fanatic, Dave told himself.
The egg was just minutes away from hatching.

(Imagine me snapping my fingers, but in an attractive Italian suit and a better apartment.)
An attractive Italian suit adds prestige and class to the person wearing it.

Whether a particular act is, in fact, illegal may have to await final determination by a court of law.
Courts always are the final determining factor in whether a particular act is illegal.

When the Flamingo opened in December 1946, it did so with Hollywood flair and the new Vegas flash.
The Flamingo opened in December 1946 on a Wednesday.

uh-huh well that sounds fantastic
I will definitely take a look into that.

uh-huh even with the very tailored look of a suit sometimes i like to have something a little just a little something that's feminine
Suits look tailored when they are made of nice fabric.

I've got to say something."  
It's important that I say something.

The West prevailed because it was rich, rather than because it was good.
The West was no better than its enemies, but it wasn't any worse, either.

So the time, in practice, will not be missed.
The time won't be missed this week.

Keynes writes, The actual, private object of the most skilled investment today is to 'beat the gun,' as the Americans so well express it, to outwit the crowd, and to pass the bad, or depreciating, half-crown to the other fellow.
Keynes is a highly respected economist and pizza chef.

yeah i he definitely i had an unusual situation with in my home my father was was alcoholic but uh and very withdrawn at that and so my husband is ten times more involved and we have more of a
He used to put pigtails on my head and call me his little girl.

At the intersection of Avenida Zarco and the main drag, Avenida Arriaga, stands a statue of Madeira's discoverer, Joao Goncalves Zarco often referred to as the First Captain. 
The nickname of the First Captain is a reference to the Madeira discoverer's dream of having his own ship.

He came forward.
He was moving.

We've done the best we can to keep it from being so drug-infested it becomes a war zone.
Gentrifying is not helping matters.

and so i guess they would take it serious i i never thought of it like that i guess the next time somebody starts harping down i'll just bring that up
They are being really annoying. 

National saving data are on a NIPA basis.
NIPA has been found to be superior to other methodologies.

so they go the first thing they do is they go out there and play with them but boy the little one still he just wants to poke my older one our older son's pretty good about it he'll pet the dog you know
Our older son is the only one who pets the dog.

Indian tailors are cheap, good, and fast, so you might consider having lightweight shirts and baggy pants made up for you during your stay.
Every single Indian tailor is fast and good. 

Eutrophication refers to the increase in the rate of supply of organic matter to an ecosystem and its many undesirable consequences.
Eutrophication should be avoided and prevented at all costs.

You'll know when you're older.
You will know when you're 60.

Since then, Jain monks, Muslims, and Sikhs have proclaimed it a holy city, building monasteries, mosques, and temples here.
Christians have also built churches in this city.

Monitoring the activities used by an organization to address improper payments should be performed continually and should be ingrained in the entity's operations.
Improper payments are monitored continually.

This campaign helps fill that gap in legal services for women who need the help at a time when they are in crisis.
This campaign has been working to help for women for 4 months.

Seeing the advantage, they rushed in.
They ran in once they saw those weapons were better.

His was a treasure not worth the effort.
The find was not worth even a second of his time.

The tombs are known collectively as the Theban Necropolis.
The Theban Necropolis is a term for a collection of tombs.

Jon's mind had trouble measuring the scope and shape of the behemoth.
Jon was in awe of the giant creature.

Babur fought resistance from the Rajputs and captured Delhi and Agra, then conquered the Afghan chiefs in 1529.
The cities of Delhi and Agra offered Babur a hero's welcome, and considered him a liberator.

But if it's all so easy, how can a large part of the world be in the mess it's in?
There must be more to it than meets the eye, else the world would be a better place.

Earthquake, fire, flood, and the plunder of barbarians and Renaissance architects reduced the area to a muddy cow pasture until the excavations of the 19th century.
The area was once highly impressive as a state building existed there.

yeah yeah well we um belong to the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter Day Saints which is like the nickname the Mormon church
The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter Day Saints has always treated me well.

Maybe less.
Perhaps more or less.

His investigation's integrity, he notes, has been challenged.
He has questionable integrity.

You know, the singer.
The singer is an Emmy award winner. 

The witness was not cross-examined. 
It was a good thing the witness wasn't cross examined.

None of these theories panned out in Kosovo.
The theories presented by the Army didn't work in Kosovo.

Fawcett's spokeswoman says the actress was suffering from food poisoning.
The actress was suffering from food poisoning after ingesting spoiled food.

It is unfortunate, but in the eyes of funders, it is perceived as a zero sum game.
There is possible profit to be made and most funders see that, but to some, it seems to be a zero sum game.

uh-huh uh-huh it just don't work i bet i bet
It doesn't need to work.

As one looked out over the flat Essex country, lying so green and peaceful under the afternoon sun, it seemed almost impossible to believe that, not so very far away, a great war was running its appointed course. 
Many of Essex's young men were out on the battlefield.

Another sort of festival atmosphere prevails every Sunday, when the Porta Portese section of Trastevere hosts Rome's liveliest and largest flea market.
Rome's best bargains are typically found at Porta Portese's market.

From 1962 until 1972, the JLP held power.
The JLP were the only major political force from 1962 to 1972.

When both broad generalizations and in-depth understanding are required, designs that cumulate case studies over a wide number of sites and settings, or that combine case study methods and other methods in one concurrent effort may meet this dual need (U.S.
Designs that cumulate case studies are very good for measuring quantitative information.

Conversely, the Congress might separate out some of these functions.
Congress might separate out some of those military functions.

White sandy beaches and gentle sea breezes are for many the perfect recipe for a holiday from the stresses of modern life, and in Malaysia the offerings are plenty.
In Malaysia you can easily find those, no matter whether in the east, west, north, or south.

Captain Bayliss is still too army to give any such orders.
Captain Bayliss is in charge of the whole operation.

For most hyphenated Americans, a trip to the ancestral lands is enough to reinforce the point--assuming, that is, that there are ancestral lands to speak of.
A trip to the ancestral lands make people understand history.

so that's pretty bad  a friend of mine is a is a judge here in the well actually you know it McKinney because we're in Collin County
McKinney is a friend of mine that is a judge, he has worked as a judge for about 3 years.

Advocates from programs in New York, Georgia, Virginia, and North Carolina mentioned housing as an issue for which H-2A workers sought legal assistance.
H-2A workers actively seek legal assistance when it comes to housing issues.

The oldest temple in the valley and unquestionably one of the most interesting, it sits on an isolated hilltop a few miles north of Bhaktapur and just south of the Sankhu road.
The temple is located a few miles north of Bhaktapur.

Audit organizations are encouraged to establish policies for maintaining the
Audit organizations are encouraged to establish policies for maintaining the status quo.

Besides, there isn't any such thing as a space-ship."
The space ship idea is a mere myth.

so if the economy gets better are you going to get another one another house
You probably have to wait for the price to drop.

thing you say about cats you know they don't they don't they're not people animals and things like that and i favored dogs a lot but dogs are just too impractical to have at all
Cats are just easier to take care of.

Szary to the manager!
Send you emails to the manager, Szary.

Splash out with fish baked in the taboon, or bouillabaisse.
The fish is baked in the taboon and then salted.

Success means instant death.
Many do not succeed.

But with for-profit chains buying Tulane and George Washington university medical centers and other big city hospitals, these tactics won't be available much longer.
For-profit chains are buying university medical centers because universities are so strapped for cash.

For aficionados, a noh performance is an eclectic nirvana.
The noh performance is one of the most expensive performances to go and see.

To help insure that agencies effectively use information technology to achieve program results, the Congress passed the ClingerCohen Act of 1996.
Before the Congress intervened, many agencies were not properly handling their information technology.

uh-huh well sewing does take up take an awful lot of time takes an awful lot of time
Sewing different clothes takes up a lot of my time.

The celebrated asymmetrical silhouette of the magnificent Gothic cathedral, with its single tower and steeple rising on the northern side of its facade, will give your tour of the city an inspiring start.
The gothic cathedral only had one tower but it was 800 feet tall.

However, the high mountains, lakes, and spas of Savoie are not just for skiiers.
Savoie is best known for skiing, but a plethora of other activities await you if it is the right season.

Even then, you'll always be able to find peace and quiet on one of the tiny, seaweed-draped coves beyond the main sandy bay.
The coves of the main sandy bay is draped by seaweed and other sea creatures.

Inland from the Atlantic coast ' Aquitaine, Dordogne, P??rigord ' the southwest is rich in farming and vineyards.
The southwest has a lot of farming and vineyards that make excellent merlot.

In the shimmering heat of the desert the water continually evaporates, leaving behind strangely-shaped salt formations and water with a mineral content some 30 percent more concentrated than ordinary sea water.
There are many legends about what caused the salt formations.

The bounty hunters had no shot or powder? Ca'daan didn't understand what they were talking about.
The bounty hunters used weapons Ca'daan had never seen.

Notable as the only major American city built in the twentieth century, Las Vegas is particularly unfettered by any burden of history or preservation.
The city has even considered building fake "historical" sites for tourists to see.

You'd live there--but you'd always be drowning and you'd find it slightly unpleasant for the next few thousand years!
You would be unable to escape for the next few thousand years.

They were given three days to get their stuff out, and if they couldn't get moved out in three days, their stuff was discarded, Dempsey said. 
They needed to work day and night to get their stuff out.

Thorn grabbed the horse's mane and mounted in a single fluid motion.
Thorn mounted in a single fluid motion to prepare for battle.

I can tell you  " But what more Annie could tell, Tuppence was never destined to learn, for at that moment a clear voice with a peculiarly steely ring to it called: "Annie!" The smart young woman jumped as if she had been shot.
She was not paying attention to them.

The Mines Wonderland has been built on what was the world's largest open-cast mining operation.
The Wonderland is only there due to the large size of the mining operation.

Titanic (Lunt-Fontanne Theatre, New York City).
Titanic is on theatre this week.

His name has been submitted to the Senate for confirmation, and organization officials expect Subia to be approved in the next few months.
Organization officials expect Subia's confirmation approval soon because they're confident that he's the right man for the job.

 Weighing the volume in his hand, the Kentuckian straightened up.
The Kentuckian decided to buy the volume.

For visitors today, Kumamoto serves as a convenient gateway for the scenic road trip to the Mt.
There is a river located next to Kumamoto.

Engineering drawings can include the standard two-dimensional drawings or newer threedimensional drawings that are the product of computer-aided design software systems.
Three dimensional drawings are more accurate.

He drifted into an entanglement with Mrs. Raikes, and she deliberately cultivated the friendship of Dr. 
Mrs. Raikes was only using him to establish her innocence.

Pepper and Blanco have conferred with Bush campaign officials in Austin twice since mid-August to discuss their ideas, according to sources on the campaign.
Blanco and Pepper are Bush advisors.

As if the Kennedy family didn't have enough to deal with, the Star reports that Arnold Schwarzenegger, who is married to Kennedy cousin Maria Shriver, accidentally killed the family's chocolate Labrador when he ran over it with his Humvee.
The dog blindly ran across just as Schwarzenegger turned into the lane.

Not to orthodox quiz participants, for whom greeting cards are to genuine manifestations of feeling what Big Macs are to real hamburgers, with some sort of joke about Hallmark and bulimia--and an ugly image that would be, if only I had the wit to express it.
Quiz participants don't like Hallmark cards.

They operate to beaches near and far (usually, but not necessarily, the farther the better), and you'll find that there's a beach for every taste.
There are over twenty different beaches in total.

The audit guide consists of 10 chapters, with appendixes.
The appendixes provide information on other credible sources of information.

Those who want to believe in the Torah codes will always be able to find ELS that impress them.
However, not many people believe in the Torah codes. 

but strangely enough the best offer i mean the best bargaining i had made with a dealer on my car was also the same place i got the best price
I was happy with the offer my dealer made me.

As you continue driving east, you actually travel underneath the runway, which is supported on huge pillars above you a novel (not to mention rather sobering) sensation both for those above and below.
The runway was built without really thinking the issues of transportation through.

Workers were not being trained.
The workers need to be trained.

For their churches and private palaces, popes and princes have stripped the Colosseum of its precious marble, travertine, and metal.
The Colosseum was stripped of it's materials, most by royalty.

A low personal saving rate raises questions about whether households have adequate resources to sustain their rate of spending.
A low personal saving rate indicates that families might not have enough money to sustain their lifestyle, or perhaps they should change their lifestyle.

El Escorial is a dramatic monastery, mausoleum, and palace built by Felipe II, and one of the most-visited places in Spain; and nearby is El Valle de los Ca?­dos (Valley of the Fallen), Franco's memorial to his reign and soldiers killed in the Civil War of 1936 1939.
Valley of the Fallen is often visited by the children of veterans of the Civil War of 1936. 

yeah yeah well that that's HMO's are designed that way i mean they are going to they're gonna they're gonna get the most bang for their buck
HMOs are designed to screw over the consumer and make the most profit for themselves. 

But the envy is a small thing, and I confess it only in a rather transparent effort to gain credibility.
I was extremely envious, and only admitted it to gain trust and credibility. 

They traveled south and then south west off of the main trail that led to the southern cities.
They were traveling to the southern cities looking for a battle.

i know some people who just they just went through a course uh and took the electronic grafting course
They paid $1500 for the course. 

For the woman put off by her old , I agree that the best solution would be for the roommate to change her ways, but leveling with her would more than likely end the friendship.
The older roommate may have a valid position and the younger girl may be in the wrong.

The most popular way to get there is by scheduled flight from Saint-Martin or Guadeloupe.
The flights are cheap from Saint-Martin and Guadeloupe.

When did she lose the key of it?
When did she lose the key of it, today?

You'll find a wide range of water sports available in the islands.
In this area, you can select from many water sports and indoor activities.

In the following centuries sand swept through the area burying many of the buildings.
Sand buried many buildings and monuments in the area.

i had to struggle with that for a while to figure which belt goes where
I learned where the belt goes on which pants after a time.

He's gone through every penny he ever had, publishing rotten verses in fancy bindings. 
He was completely broke after failing to sell his writing.

but uh let's see
We don't need to see. 

Abruptly, I realised why I'd been stumbling.
I realized I had been drugged and that's why I was stumbling.

if they give them all the information i don't know when it comes to sentencing phase i guess they tell them if a guy if the person has a previous record and stuff
A person with a previous record will face a harsher sentence. 

so it's um it was it was a fun movie
The film was pretty good, the soundtrack was great!

To resume, that was in a way the apex of my career.
That was in a way the critical point of my career because I had changed jobs so many times. 

If being smart is no guarantee of being right, having been right is not necessarily an indicator that someone is smart.
A smart person is often correct in their answers.

Defense  DOD Faces Challenges in Implementing Best Practices.
Normally defense DOD is very competent, and does not face many challenges.

and obviously and obviously it's where they don't have a any post graduate program there but you get a an excellent wide uh basis of topics you know you get a good broad education out of it you don't they don't graduate the best engineers or the best English majors but
They have engineering and english programs.

The other metrics described in this appendix require that system development work be underway.
Some of the metrics are missing from the appendix.

He read on slowly.
He took an hour to read it. 

Vrenna found a vendor selling a palm spike that looked suspiciously like the one she had used just a short time earlier.
Vrenna found a store selling a weapon that she had owned.

that's what i mean and and you know there's a lot of truth to that if you're not going to have a family then that's fine then you you know a career is is a smart choice and i think it's great
I think if you have a family, it's best to focus on that.

Alexander also requested money for five additional Superior Court judgeships and one additional District Court judgeships, arguing that increased caseloads require more judges.
Alexander made this request because he wanted to prevent the judges from feeling overworked.

Sonny didn't know much.
Sonny was not very educated.

Partnerships   Balance a variety of federal, state, and local interests through timely and enhanced consultation, cooperation, and communication to build consensus.
Most partnerships are between federal and state governments.

and in uh my mother has done business in Germany and it was very difficult for her going over there because they just don't have very many business women
My mother has learnt to speak very good German.

'No.' Lincoln's eyes narrowed.
Lincoln refused to let him do it.

yeah but so is cigarettes
There are definitely worse things than cigarettes.

'I've struck at the heart of the city, at the heart of the so-called Salmon Corporation- a holding of gangsters and criminals.
I think the Salmon Corporation is evil and should be gone.

oh i go to aerobics classes and stuff but
I go to the aerobics class everyday.

I feel like a fool.
I always feel foolish.

Fraumeni, Barbara M. The Measurement of Depreciation in the U.S.
Depreciation in the U.S. is increasing.

You'll find an outstanding array of wicker items everything from picnic baskets and trays to tables, chairs, and decorative deer throughout Madeira.
You can find a lot of wicker items that are handcrafted by Italian women.

'This is where you work.'
This is the office you work at.

There's a name for this personnel  It's called Pass the Trash.
These personnel have been transferred because of conflict with supervisors. 

Though I did not acknowledge it to myself, the thought of Mary Cavendish was weighing on me. 
Mary Cavendish makes me feel uneasy.

The trick isn't shooting with these but reloading quickly enough to shoot again.
A gun can only fire once.

I recognize deficiencies in my Jewishness.
I recognize deficiencies in my Jewishness because I can not read Hebrew.

Those who protested NATO's action in Kosovo because it lacked a U.N. mandate should read Slaughterhouse to see what an earlier mandate  ethnic cleansing superintended by men in blue helmets.
People have no right to protest the action. 

um-hum oh gosh um-hum yeah good grief may have been poisoned or something
I sure hope poison want involved! 

you know twenty dollars for tests and forty dollars for this and and you know and it creeps up on you you don't know that you know  you really you you don't know what it's gonna cost until it's all over
Typically after it's over it's way more expensive than what you previously thought.

John Cavendish frowned and changed the subject. 
John Cavendish didn't like the subject

and so you know you could also apply the magazines toward that
You already know exactly how this works, don't you?

That would be Barnam, said Severn.
Severn saw his best friend, Barnam, approaching, and announced his arrival.

Additionally, there are other technologies under development that potentially could reduce activated carbon demand from what is estimated here.
There are other technologies under development that could reduce carbon demand even further than we ever thought possible.

and maybe they just don't report those or i'm not sure or you know i can't think of ever hearing on the news or whatnot or hearing or knowing anybody who was being robbed but good thing they had their gun on them and they they thwarted the robbery attempt
They never report the close call robberies on the news.

Some suits are likely in order to attempt to right alleged fiduciary breaches.
Some suits are likely in order to attempt to be more organised

Papers presented at WissenschaftlicHe's Institut fer Kommunikationsdienste GmbH, 6th Keenigswinter Seminar on Postal Economics, Liberalization of Postal Markets.
The papers that were presented were about a new black hole that was discovered.

Opposite the cathedral is Tyrone House (not open to the public), home to the Department of Education.
Tyrone House is huge and made of grey stone.

The town's revered age-old place in Italian gastronomy compares to that of Lyon in France.
The town has been a center of Italian cuisine since the 8th century.

We have made it clear that we respect human rights.
We made it clear to Fox news that we respect human rights.

He was almost there.
He was almost to the river when he heard the thunder. 

so anyway well we seem to be one in favor and one against
In case of a tie, there needs to be another vote.

7 billion in 1996.
7 billion in the year 1996 and 8 billion in 1997.

Opposing litigants and H-2A employers could prolong the legal process simply by refusing to return legal service attorneys' phone calls or delaying provision of records to which the worker was entitled to ensure that the H-2A worker left the United States before a dispute could be resolved.
Many H2-A workers have been deported because they never received the legal service to which they were entitled.

Greet this stage adaptation (starring Roseanne as the Wicked Witch of the West) of the classic 1939 movie.
Roseanne has acted in 19 plays before and this will be her third time taking the stage as the Witch. 

you're living with three other people
You live with three people in one bedroom.

The grounds (now sadly encroached upon) are adorned by a 48-m- (140-ft-) high obelisk.
The grounds are not being kept as well as they once were.

A dark shape entered the camp.
The dark shape entered the camp from the west. 

If Finkelstein were to apply his logic to Lee Atwater's Willie Horton strategy, he'd have to write, Not race but crime served as the prime scapegoat of George Bush's 1988 campaign.
Horton's strategy was central to Finkelstein's views on the prime scapegoat of Bush's 1988 campaign.

Even so, by 1947 immigration had swollen the Jewish population to such an extent that Jews now outnumbered Arabs three to one (600,000 to 200,000), and the violence continued to escalate.
The Jewish people kept coming in and by 1947 there were 3 million.

uh actually i grew up in Alabama and i went to see my mother and then went on down to Disney World and it got better than i think twenty two twenty three miles a gallon and this was with the air conditioner on and and you know
It was much better then.

I need your aid.
I need your help finishing my homework.

On display alongside are the original sketches and studies showing the work that went into the final canvas.
The sketches show the artist's ideas as the took shape.

You will go back to them.
You will go back to them for your sword.

6. How does extent of injury or severity of illness affect the intervention?
Injury makes intervention more difficult 

What's interesting about his argument.
His arguement was really interesting. 

and they go they go to the gangs more or l ess for uh family oh this guys nice to me he doesn't hit me
They are really looking for love and acceptance in the gangs.

The campaign is in overdrive, their prey stands before them, and the heat of the moment carries them away.
The presidential campaign is a free for all, and everyone is swept up in the heat of the moment.

If he or she believes that the data is not fairly presented, the auditor still may issue a clean opinion on the basic financial statements while noting that there are problems with the RSI.
The auditor may suggest new research methods if the data is unreliable.

Programmers are furiously debugging old software, so we're likely to avoid catastrophic shutdowns of electrical grids, banks, air-traffic computers, medical equipment, and the like.
Software bugs could lead to serious injury or loss of life.

it sure does yeah i i i suppose the idea the idea would be to get um people interested in public service and to um i don't know maybe people give give people give young people an appreciation for maybe what they have and what other people don't have
Young people would love public service once they tried it.

Other resorts line the peninsula's northernmost Alpine regions.
The northernmost regions of the Alpine are home to a wonderful selection of resorts.

Unlike his other riders, his expression was calm.
Unlike the others, Ca'daan looked calm as he rode towards the castle. 

They stepped from ornate carriages on soft feet and gazed at the golden idols, silk robes, and the finest slaves in the land.
The king and queen stepped out of the carriage and greeted the slaves that would become their own. 

Defense Medicare Medicaid
Defending all government programs.

In the age of the divine entrepreneur, no one cares how badly you treat your kid.
People used to be very concerned with child rearing.

What do you expect?
Are you expecting something good?

They attend special ceremonies at local community halls, and women dress in unusually opulent fur-trimmed kimono worn only on this special day.
Some women opt not to wear the traditional fur-trimmed kimono, as a gesture of protest.

The island is mostly quiet, with a short, three-month summer season.
The island is mostly quiet, with a short, three-month summer season because of typhoon activity.

It was built only a dozen years after the Louis XII wing but, reflecting the contrast between the debonair Renaissance prince and his dour predecessor, is a world apart in elegance and panache.
The Louis XII wing is stark and minimal.

estimating the program's effect on changes in physical, social, or economic conditions, they seek evidence of the extent to which the program itself is the cause of those changes.
The program had an effect on economic conditions, but it cannot be accurately estimated until more information is gathered.

It was modeled on one of the great Chinese monasteries of the time and built for a Chinese monk who was said to have interceded with the dreaded Kublai Khan to stop the Mongol invasion of Japan.
The Mongol invasion of Japan was a failure.

OK, fine--simply provide me with quarterly reports on the yield of the fund and the value of my share in it.
The was interested in the value of his share

It is similar in nature to other excise taxes that result from the Government's power to compel payment and that are dedicated to a trust fund or special fund to be spent for a designated purpose (for example, the gasoline excise tax, which is dedicated to the Highway Trust Fund).
The government always compel payment under the smallest of circumstances

Blood jetted from the gaping rent in his clothing.
The man was going to bleed to death.

To continue discriminating is to throw away an opportunity for unprecedented financial success.
Discrimination will make the business less popular.

uh but uh wel l keep up the good um well keep up the cross-stitching
Keep up the cross-stitching, I might try it out myself.

so what type of restaurant do you like
What type of restaurants do you like? I'm into mexican and arabian food.

And there was another Abraham Lincoln.
There were three Abraham Lincoln's. 

A few banks charge fees as high as 23 percent of the gross interest earned.
The banks are looking to increase their fees.

The Japanese themselves (in the big cities at least) can be seen more often than not with some kind of shopping bag they make very large, sturdy ones just on the off chance that they might want to buy something.
Japanese people are ardent consumers and tend to buy several electronic or luxury goods each week.

Victor Hugo, who stood among the crowd, dutifully recorded, in a poem on the occasion, that Napoleon had been wrong--that Napoleon had tried to conquer with the sword instead of with the mind.
Victor Hugo wrote a poem disagreeing with Napoleon because Hugo was a pacifist.

Nonsense.
"Nonsense," she said.

Nudity on stage can be powerful, and is still protested, but not as powerful as the frightening glimpse I had as a child of Ethel Merman in Gypsy . Now, if you could get the ghost of Ethel Merman and the undead Mickey Rooney to strip to the waist for 10 rounds of bare-knuckle action, that would be truly frightening stage violence.
Micky Rooney and Ethel Merman worked together on several productions.

Cream skimmers take advantage of an incumbent's price when it is based on an average of heterogeneous costs.
Few businesses choose to set their prices based on average cost.

and that's what we're going to talk about okay and uh uh okay where do you work Karen
Do you enjoy your work, Karen?

No, admitted Tuppence, "I haven't but I know some one who has."
Tuppence knows someone who is an expert.

The pattern for the peasantry and bourgeoisie of France was thus established.
The pattern was established in Paris.

D'Amato's latest strategy--to tar Schumer as a lazy, part-time congressman who skips votes--seems to be backfiring as well.
D'Amato's strategy is backfiring, which is nothing new.

The lower stairs are lined with vendors selling small, carved mani stones (prayer stones) made for the tourist market.
The vendors on the lower stairs sell prayer stones.

He feared his next words.
He was nervous to say talk about the escape plan. 

The difference between GDP and GNP is income receipts from the goods and services produced abroad using labor and capital of U.S. residents less income payments for the goods and services produced in the United States using labor and capital supplied by foreign residents.
GNP should be less than GDP if a country is to prosper.

Lounge chairs under thatched-roof huts, water chute into the sea, and rope swing provide extra entertainment.
There are lounge chairs in the hut with drink service.

A tear ran down his cheek as he stood there.
He was thinking of sad memories.

To build a case for change, Pfizer's CFO initiated a benchmarking survey to determine exactly how his organization stacked up against the other leading finance organizations.
Pfizer's CFO initiated the survey in the hopes of bringing the strengths and weakness of the finance organization to light.

The 17th century contributed its sublime Baroque decor, and today it is protected as Rome's most beloved square.
Before the square was decorated in a Baroque style, it was generally hated.

Red said, "You've got to be quiet.
Red whsipered, "You have to be near silent so they don't here you."

To the point, my friend.
My friend is very slow in terms of mental capacity.

That report could deliver a knockout blow to Clinton.
Clinton has had a lot of scandals in the past.

After hitting the art world's Big Three, visitors can repair to Retiro Park, where kings once found respite from the demands of hectic city life.
The Big Three are all paintings.

It is as good now as the day it was built.
These old buildings are very sturdy,

He took a deep breath and ran forward, falling at her feet.
He gasped for air.

Chabot informed LSC of their expectation that the statistics provided by LSC to Congress concerning their grantees' activities be accurate.
Chabot, as head of the subcommittee, told LSC to double check their grantee statistics before submitting. 

Because you'd kill the goose that lays the golden eggs, replied Tommy quietly.
Tommy explained that it was not wise to kill the goose with the golden eggs.

15 It was a long time before Tuppence went to sleep that night, and, when at length she did, she dreamed that Mr. Whittington had set her to washing up a pile of Esthonia Glassware, which bore an unaccountable resemblance to hospital plates! 
That night, Tuppence dreamed about washing white glassware.

Does the AAUP censure matter?
The AAUP censure was implemented in June.

okay  it took them awhile to find me oh no well they they did all the all the top level managers
They were looking for me for days.

We upheld the law, reasoning that Congress had not discriminated against viewpoints on abortion, but had merely chosen to fund one activity to the exclusion of the other.
We upheld the law because we are good citizens.

Icon painting was at its height with an influx of artists from around Byzantium who founded important schools of art.
Icon painting was one of the most popular styles of art during the Middle Ages.

The way I figure it, there are two ways to go with today's question.
Today's question is particularly difficult.

uh too bad
That is some sad news.

It wanted some five minutes to eleven when Tuppence reached the block of buildings in which the offices of the Esthonia Glassware Co.
Tuppence reached the block of building quicker than he thought he would.

that i have really enjoyed that i'm seeing for the first time  like the Marx Brothers  and things like that
I was surprised that I liked the show.

The fire San'doro had made cracked.
They made a fire to keep themselves warm.

Third, as noted in the section above on visibility valuation, we chose not to include in our Base Estimate the valuation of residential visibility or valuation of recreational visibility at Class I areas outside of the study regions examined in the Chestnut and Rowe (1990a, 1990b) study.
Our Base Estimate is for the houses in upstate New York.

Colorful temples are presided over by priests, and reed boats ply the waterways in this interesting park that will certainly help children understand how the people may have lived it may also help the adults.
It may also help the adults, because they might be able to compare how the life once was and how it is now.

88 "Neither do I see. 
Neither do I see, said the wise man.

Machico is one of Ma?­dei?­ra's boat-building centers, and on the beach you will probably see work in progress on both old and new vessels, the former being used for scrap.
The new vessels on the beach were painstakingly designed by the young architects.

The Golden Age for Minoan society known as the New Palace era lasted 300 years.
There is much we know about the New Palace era in Minoan society.

Jason and the Argonauts traveled through the strait in their search for the Golden Fleece, and the Persian army of King Darius crosed on a bridge of boats in 512 b.c. en route to battle with the Scythians.
Jason and the Argonauts thought the golden fleece would be easy to find.

Why couldn't he just be 'Irving Goldberg'?
Why can't he be Irving Goldberg in the school play? 

Much of the farmland and many of the peaks and lakes are protected.
The lakes, farmlands and peaks all need protecting or tourism threatens to damage them.

They were almost at the barn; its huge open door black.
The huge door of the barn was ahead of them now.

Mixed reviews for the Broadway debut of Horton Foote's Pulitzer Prize-winning play.
Horton Foote's play 4000 S Camden Rd, Pine Bluff, AR 71603 mixed reviews but still did well at the box office.

yeah well you're doing a lot better than i can i can't rattle them off like that i know my youngest is eighteen he's uh as i said in a senior in high school but i have a
You're doing better than I can, because I can't remember them that fast unless I have a reminder.

uh i we could just we were all centered around that television yep
We were all watching the TV waiting for the President to speak.

The report should provide selective background information
Specific points of background data relevant to the situation should be provided and disseminated within the report.

How judges interpret statutes and constitutions is, according to Scalia, a question utterly central to the existence of democratic government.
Some judges interpret statutes in a way that hurts a democratic government.

Outside the early day breeze brought the smells of grass and leaves.
It was a pleasant day outside.

But while whiteness-as-blessing expresses the arrogance of privilege, whiteness-as-burden reveals the willful ignorance of privilege.
Looking at whiteness as a blessing expresses arrogance, but seeing it as a burden makes one ignorant.

Try to visit early or late in the season to avoid the crowds and their worst excesses.
The middle of the seasons are peak times for tourists and isn't a good time to visit.

Jon stood and the men closed in on him.
Jon feared for his life as the men came closer to him.

Jon drew and fired into the assassin's face.
The assassin was going to kill him.

On twigs of hawthorn he regaled,
He was very dramatic in storytelling. 

oh is it really oh how old
How old is the car?

A team of jungle-wise mahouts with elephants set out in the afternoon to seek the tiger in the most likely areas; you will be following in a jeep, keeping a watch out for any tell-tale signs that the tiger is near.
The tigers will be hunting when you search for them.

The judge determined that Moore had violated California's Unfair Business Practices and False Advertising Laws.
California's Unfair Business Practices and False Advertising Laws are unfair.

Such a system, however, might not be the most desirable, one downside being that the smallest single-piece mailers could default to a rate that is high enough to cover all destinations.
Small single-piece mailers can be a rate of 35c.

Usually he's calm as a hoss trough on a mild day.
He's upset today.

If you cannot afford a lawyer, one will be provided for you at government expense.
The government will take care of your rights by providing you with a volunteer lawyer.

A few moments later, he found the barber also using a jar to collect the hair and shaving stubble.
The barber uses the hair to make dolls.

But somehow it did not seem morally mandatory.
The morality was questionable.

The extremely helpful and knowledgeable staff is more than happy to answer any questions that you have.
The staff has studied the castle for years and knows every answer.

but uh i grew up in a real small town in north Texas and uh moved down here to Plano an and uh it's uh it's definitely a big change
Plano is a big town.

i don't think he's really a very good actor i know that sounds awful because so many people think he's so wonderful but i just have never been a Stallone fan
I don't understand what people see in Stallone that makes them think he is a good actor.

you know show on that's a good comedy i'm not real much for the sitcoms because of their they need to have a new twist or something in some of those you know they're getting all kind of the same but um uh
I like a few sitcoms. 

well i envy that what a great life
I'm envious of your life.

my being a sort of polished Uncle Tom.
People think I make a better Uncle Tom.

If you're stranded anywhere, hitch-hiking is accepted behavior and you'll surely get a ride.
Most visitors to the area hitch-hike to get around.

This type of law suits me.
This type of law practice is good for me because it is low-stress.

It's pretty hard to say, `Never speak again.
The President may wish to, but cannot tell others to stop talking forever.

and that's a good idea that's a good point
This is the best idea we've heard yet.

STEWARDSHIP INVESTMENTS -Items recognized as expense in calculating net cost, but meriting special treatment to highlight the substantial investment and long-term benefit of the expenses.
Stewardship Investments include donations from the community. 

about seventy miles north of London and there was another town called Barry Saint Edmunds about twenty miles away from us and they had a little uh theater company
Barry Saint Edmunds is about 70 miles from London so it's best to take the train.

And the doubly-damned fools had let Menes drive millions of slaves to death to build a pyramid to the sky when there were already natural columns that could have been used!
Menes wanted to go to the sky to challenge the Vampire Lord.

This study addressed the list of legislative proposals which agricultural enterprises were attempting to impose on legal services recipients.
Many agricultural workers require legal assistance when dealing with employers.

There is an extensive scientific literature and body of practice on both the theory and technique of CV.
The reading is highly informative and enjoyable. 

It's the perfect place for lunch or tea on the terrace, but many visitors, especially those with hiking on their minds, find it an ideal place to stay several days.
You can sit on the terrace and enjoy it between 11 and 1.

well the interesting part about it is that if realistically it was economic i don't know if you read any of the history on where the Panama Canal but there was an option to build it across Nicaragua uh and there were uh there's a big there's a big lake
Nicaragua was second-in-line to be considered for the Panama Canal

oh really oh you really rough it then
They often trekked off the beaten path into harsh territory.

The French always appreciate that you have made the effort to say Bonjour, S'il vous pla?®t, or Merci beaucoup.
The French appreciate the effort shown by foreigners speaking French but you shouldn't count on it.

As you have said we can but try."He picked up the top sheet of paper and began to read: "Bayos-blancos light duns two.
The attempt will require us to do our best.

They might have left the village altogether but for a fortunate discovery of Tommy's.
Tommy has a bright future ahead of him as a detective.

This number was exceeded by another officer who sent 220 heads.
Another officer exceeded the number with 220 heads, said the news.

but uh my mother mother and dad used to own a restaurant and they had a they had a uh nickelodeon of course in the restaurant and when they would come and change the records
My mother and father no longer own the restaurant or the jukebox.

A tapa is a mouthful of anything that tastes good and fits on a cocktail stick.
Tapas are often served with limes.

on insight and recognition or on quantitative
Insight and recognition are better than quantitative approaches.

The three men looked at Susan.
The woman was about to call her friends for backup.

Then, just as the first one comes off the line, the power fails.
Before the second one is even ready, the power fails.

Standing at the heart of the complex is the Temple of Amun, greatest of all Theban gods.
The Temple of Amun is the most famous feature of the complex. 

what kind of lawn and garden work do you do
Do you want to do the lawn and garden work for me?

i don't remember what it is now four hundred dollars for the month let's say and uh i mean some months i may spend three hundred on groceries and a hundred on everything else and
Is it because you budget that you don't remember?

These cases take time and they aren't easy.
All difficult cases take a long time.

That really simplified things, since it meant only one control for all of them and the sky itself.
The sky itself was never a problem and the addition of only one control helped.

because the Administrator of the Food and Consumer Service had determined it was impracticable to obtain public comments because of the statutory deadline imposed by Public Law 104-193.
The Administrator of the Food and Consumer Service isn't quite sure how to handle this request.

procedures as identified by the Office of Management and Budget, the National Institute of Standards and Technology, Veterans Affairs' policies, and VBA guidance and policy documents.
The procedures must be identified before they can be put into effect.

7 million in the Los Angeles Times and over $3 million by the other major papers.
Other papers got $3 million in advertising payments.

So, I noticed, did several of the jury. 
The jury was looking at me.

But how to explain why being caricatured as The Dumb Guy sank Dan Quayle, yet G.W. is surprisingly buoyant?
This had no effect on G.W.

um-hum you don't and so i moved because i moved the day probably a week after one of the apartments blew up
One of the apartments blew up, and I was gone a week later. 

Looky here, Drew, if that's the way you really feel, why don't you go?
No one would mind if you left Drew.

The capture of some of the important manufacturing and reliability knowledge should begin in the integration phase in order to have the full knowledge needed to make decisions at the end of the demonstration phase for transitioning into production.
This information should be stored and categorized in a computer database.

At the time of our visit, in February 1997, incidents were categorized into 13 types, which generally pertained to the negative effects of the violations.
Number 1 is stealing candy type stuff and 13 is rape / murder of a family.

The SEC published a summary of its Final Regulatory Flexibility Analysis in the preamble to the final rule and provided our Office with a copy of the full text of the analysis.
The text has a bunch of unnecessary information.

medicine that that we have here with the the outrageous charges and
Medicine would be less expensive if the government subsidized it.

In addition, if applicable, the notification letter will be accompanied or followed by a notice of visit form that includes the appropriate security clearance information.
Where applicable, the letter of notice will have a document detailing the corresponding security clearance so that you may access my help.

Costs would be lower by dint of lower wages and/or less frequent delivery.
Costs have been on the rise in recent years.

Mary succumbed to all the attention and was swept off her feet by one these admirers, a certain Colonel Hope M.P.
He had known of her for years and was happy to get his chance to share his romantic affection. 

And I...I am just a faulty echo.
I have a mistaken belief that I am a faulty echo. 

And yet another reason to doubt the 1997  Apparently, the IBM/MCI program recorded no 500-footers from 1988 to 1996.
There are several reasons why one can doubt the 1997.

But if ideologically driven mayors and radical black activists have taken over, then the future of American cities should be bleak.
American cities will lose money in the future.

And a group of local lawyers has been doing its best this week to add to a goodwill tradition of its  providing free legal service to people facing eviction just before the holidays.
Eviction rates are the highest around the holidays.

uh i use a Sun work station at work but i'm i'm in the process of purchasing Amiga to use it as my desktop computer but research work though i use a Sun Sparc station
I do not like working with Sun workstations.

While saving the Social Security surpluses is a laudable fiscal policy goal, Americans need to save more to ensure their own retirement security as well as the nation's future prosperity.
While saving the Social Security surpluses is a laudable fiscal policy goal, Americans need to save more to ensure their own retirement security, future generations' prosperity, as well as the nation's future prosperity.

Japan coveted Malay's natural resources, namely rubber, tin, and oil, and the port of Singapore through which they passed.
Japan wanted Malays natural resources as they had few of their own.

Monsieur Lawrence did not know at all what I meant; but, on reflection, he came to the conclusion that if he could find an extra coffee-cup anywhere his lady love would be cleared of suspicion. 
Monsieur Lawrence wanted to help his lover badly, so he took time to reflect and think. 

A request by a federal agency for GSA to acquireAgency information processing resources or for GSA toProcurement delegate the authority to acquire these resources.
The authority to acquire these resources has been delegated, according to the news.

The restriction on litigation, however, is unique, and it contains a proviso specifying what the restriction does not cover.
The litigation restriction will strictly be put into effect on January 1, 2001. 

And to stretch that metaphor, the youngest one--the one just finished--sometimes gives the greatest satisfaction.
The youngest one sometimes makes you feel the best about all your accomplishments.

The cave monasteries of Udaigiri are close to Bhubaneshwar airport.
A short car ride from the airport will allow you to explore the cave monasteries of Udaigiri.

to go see how it worked and mine looks real good
I'm proud that mine looks really good.

The major shopping street is Princes Street, considered the Oxford Street of Scotland.
Princes Street reminds one of Oxford Street.

oh yeah well the disgrace they won't lose lose last year
They deserve all of the whiplash they've been getting.

I know, I know.
I know all that there is to know.

Despite efforts to curry favor with the revolutionaries, like calling himself Philippe Egalite (equality), the duke ended up on the guillotine with the rest of the family.
All then living members of the duke's family went to the guillotine.

no well it depends on what rank you are of course
Your rank is the only thing that matters when it comes to it.

i mean i think they're doing their duty but i think if they're going to come out and kill somebody else then they deserve it
A careful review should be done whenever deadly force is used.

One Hong Kong-based brokerage estimates that inflows will grow to $75.
The inflows will be increasing by a lot 

they just don't seem like um well i guess we've have them about a week now and they're just not kind of
They don't like them right now, but may after a few more weeks. 

The Monument of Ages was square in the middle of the park.
The Monument of Ages stands for all the battles in the park.

I guess they thought I was asleep, but my eyes weren't quite shut, and suddenly I saw the nice-looking man get something out of his bag and hand it to Mrs. Vandemeyer, and as he did so he WINKED… .
The man winked his right eye as he took something out of his bag.

The amount of the subsidy cost is recognized as an expense when the direct loan or guaranteed loan is disbursed.
Subsidies usually cost ten to twenty percent of the loan amount.

correct and all the uh unnecessary military installations
There are military installations in Asia that we need to keep.

oh um i think he's got good intentions but i'm not sure if the way he goes about what he does is really right
I doubt he's doing it the right way, even though he's been trying admirably for the last few years.

White Paper for Review by the EPA Science Advisory Board.
White Paper for the EPA Science Advisory Board to Review.

i just go buy the things for for uh about thirty bucks and put them on myself
I think that thirty dollars is a good price.

and gosh and then i went to well it i i looked at it myself to see if i could do it myself because i you know i i feel i'm so pretty competent and handy but unfortunately unfortunately they buried this one in the sixty six Mazdas you have to remove the dash and the fuse box to get to the motor
I have repaired many Mazdas from different years.

Little William here is just aching for exercise!
Little William needs exercise because he morbidly obese.

anything any else we can  we can talk about
That topic is upsetting, and I don't want to discuss it. 

I made a mistake. 
I was wrong.

What did he think?
Was he happy about that?

There is no development here for two main reasons.
For two controversial main reasons, nothing has been developed here in a long time.

and almost anything you do now uh a Social Security number is required
To prevent fraud many institutions require a social security number. 

And that that moment--Dinosaurs attack.
Dinosaurs attacked the people standing there.

Now will you believe I'm in earnest? 
Now will you take me seriously?

killing lots of fire ants
Killing a lot of insects.

yeah i have uh my in-laws are both smokers and uh they've tried to quit numerous times and
It is hard to quit smoking. My in-laws have tried many times. 

The first thing you should get is a carnet, or book of ten metro tickets (good for buses, too).
There are larger versions of the carnet with more tickets.

There are good beaches, 10 golf courses within a 20-km (12-?­mile) radius of the town, and ample opportunities for tennis, horseback-riding, and windsurfing.
There are some good fishing spots on the beaches.

Legend says that Theseus was thrown to his death here, many generations ago.
Theseus died hear and it is recorded in written history.

Why, that will, made on the afternoon of her death may ” ”" But Poirot's shake of the head was so energetic that I stopped. 
Poirot couldn't take another word of this and leaped out the window.

There are dangers as well, said San'doro.
They knew what was going to happen if it went wrong.

Nobody loves a wise-ass.
Smart alecks aren't popular with people.

I gave him the same answer.
I told him the same thing I had been told by the aide.

yeah yeah well down here they're normally Dallas normally has pretty good weather but uh
The weather outside of Dallas is unbearable.  

Rockefeller wanted a great college, and he went to great trouble to lure Harper from Yale to the nascent University of Chicago.
Rockefeller lured Harper away from Yale because they lacked a variety of majors.

but it's got lots of good recipes so i was thinking about trying to sell that on the side just  for fun
I enjoy cooking things. 

We have two torrents each year that cut our town off completely.
Each year, two torrents cut our town off from getting supplies completely.

and yes i do and the reason i do is because um i've with uh Gorbachev was raised and his mentor was i because it was Nikita Khrushchev i believe i know it was one of the old old school Russian and uh he he is a definite he is a Marxist Leninist communist through and through
Nikita Khrushchev also served as a father figure to Gorbachev.

The method, in this instance, was sufficient to permit recommendations that were systemwide and generalizable with the single case.
The method was the only way to permit system-wide recommendations.

A small man in a tall hat opened the gate as the Kal pulled himself up.
Kal had asked the man to open the gate.

there there um no as a matter of fact the IBM right here or in Carey which is a little suburb of Raleigh just just hired one more human factors person doggone it if they'd just waited a little bit longer it could have been me
I wish that I was hired by IBM.

Another eight bounty hunters lay dead as well.
80 bounty hunters died very quickly in the fight.

Kofukuji's many surviving artworks and artifacts are housed in its newest building, the Museum of National Treasures, a fireproof repository built in 1958 to honor Kofukuji's immense cultural and historic importance.
The Museum of National Treasures was burned but most of the artworks and artifacts were saved.

Boat trips (see page 26) are good fun for everyone.
Falling off the boat may not be seen as fun though.

and she doesn't floss while driving.
She only flosses while sitting down.

The Poldi-Pezzoli Museum (Via Manzoni 12) is a small, formerly private collection displayed in the charming ambience of its original home dedicated to the city in 1881.
There are over 40 pieces of artwork on display.

Visitors drive through as slowly as they like or ride on an open wagon.
There is no speed requirement on the island.

Yet the Legal Services report faults growers, farm-labor contractors and crop-dusters for routinely failing to abide by federal regulations meant to protect worker health.
The Legal Services report points out when contractors aren't following regulations about staffing.

Rooms 18-20 move on through the Archaic period to the Classical, Hellenistic, and Roman eras with colossal marble statuary gracing the gallery space here.
You can find a miniature replica of the Roman Colosseum in Room 19.

Weekend polo matches are held from May to October at Will Rogers State Historic Park, on Saturdays and Sundays.
Polo matches at Will Rogers Park are held on weekends to get the most turnout for the events.

The term includes the purchase of, or participation in, a loan made by another lender.
The lender charged a high interest rate.

A grid of narrow side streets such as Via Borgospesso, Via Sant'Andrea, Via della Spiga and Via Bagutta take you into a more tranquil 18th-century world, now graced by the overflow of Montenapoleone's high-fashion stores, art galleries, antique shops, and the town's smartest trattorie.
The antique shops feature goods dating back to the 15th century.

um we were just watering all the time finally what we did was we said we're going to have to let the back yard die it's going to have to do whatever it's going to do because we can't really afford the front yard
We could not keep up with the costs of maintaining our lawn.

we went and saw uh i think it was uh Sugar Babies that was good that had good music in it
The music was really fun to listen to.

yeah what other teams uh do you like up there
You enjoy the Green Bay Packers.  

does it give a pretty good overview of everything or like does it give um i guess little encapsulated reports and and then a few big stories
It gives a decent overview of everything

 Bodegas are  wine cellars.  
Bodegas and wine cellars are a little bit different from each other.

kickers on softball football teams
A lot of times the kickers stared as soccer players.

The modern automobile is laden with microchips, which control fuel intake, cruise control, anti-lock brakes, and more.
Microchips control different functions of the car. 

yeah it's a it's a really good thing
It's really helped lots of people.

People still come to take the waters ' the moss-covered fountain in the middle of the Cours Mirabeau spurts water with a natural heat of 34??C (93.
The water in the fountain drains into a nearby pond.

but they what is it is it free to the people to people or how do they work that
Do they cover it with taxes?

ooh house payment  that is is a lot of money
Foreign investment made the house payment high

but uh yeah i i have no i don't know anybody that's that done that either so i it's it's interesting we got this topic because i i i don't know what i marked off to get this but
I don't know anybody that's done that and I don't know how we got this topic, but I do have a lot of outside information on it.

in public places
In public and private.

It is I, Benjamin Franklin?!? My brain echoed incredulously.
My brain echoed because I suffered from migraines.

In automated systems, they are represented by what can be referred to generically as electronic signatures.
Physical signatures must be mailed in along with electronic signatures.

The aristocracy's feudal rights were abolished, the Church's massive land-holdings confiscated and sold off.
Feudal rights were done away with once the king took over.

they're okay they're not um out of anything yet they're still hanging in there
They're not out of anything yet, but they will need groceries next week

None of this means that Hong Kong is about to go bust.
Hong Kong will certainly not go bust.

Jon drew a careful map on a sheaf of vellum with a charcoal pencil.
Jon was a competent artist.

Let them ask themselves a few questions.
They should stop asking others questions and pose some to themselves.

The bare interior is bleak, its windows covered up by the monumental 19th-century murals painted by Puvis de Chavannes.
The bare interior serves as a strong contrast from the rest of the building.

It was terrific to meet some of her friends and former colleagues--and also to try my hand at journalism for the first time in almost a quarter of a century.
I liked seeing my work in a newspaper again.

It also has a solid multithreading and multitasking model, meaning that one errant program can't bring the whole computer to its knees.
Three errant programs can bring the whole computer to its knees. 

It's wise to buy a detailed map of the areas you plan to tour; these will also show you the smaller D roads, which are even more pleasant.
Following the D roads will take you through the countryside with lots of great opportunities for taking pictures. 

a member of the board of SANE/FREEZE, a leading disarmament group, and she has been affiliated with the Washington School, a project of the Institute for Policy Studies.
There is group that is unhappy with the board.

I remembah dat day jes lak it was yestiday.
I have a speech impediment. 

Basic filing fees would then be $55.
Basic filing fees have increased 30%.

The gracious Piazza Vecchia is surrounded by Renaissance public edifices, notably the Palazzo della Ragione with a medieval Torre del Comune.
Piazza Vecchia's stonework is known the world over for it's high quality and detail. 

The 124 finely carved seats in the choir include a slightly roomier one for Felipe II.
The seats were carved over 30 years.

Even today this ancient code is still being kept by modern archaeologists.
The ancient code helps decipher languages. 

Therefore, you're the real jewel thief!
You are going to prison.

Now that's a Flytrap remedy even Clinton's worst enemies can love.
The Flytrap remedy is so good that even the opposition can agree with it.

Meanwhile he says of the  All the eyes are on him.
He knows the eyes have been on him for a long time.

A Church of England priest has ignited a furor by arguing that it's OK to shoplift from chain supermarkets because they're driving local stores out of business.
The priest was excommunicated from the Church of England because he made that statement.

yeah yeah well i have we have a uh recreation center which is almost right across the street from our uh office
the recreation center across the street is amazing and has a tennis court and a swimming pool

However, inaccuracy and bias are unacceptable in any case study.
There are methods of detecting biases in the case studies.

well we bought uh our first house at the end of eighty six and like i said it's out in Rowlett and it's it's real nice it's four bedroom and it's kind of a tract area too we've got people behind us and on both sides of us i don't really like that too well i keep telling my husband that our next house is going to sit square in the middle of at least ten acres of land
We bought a four bedroom house in Rowlett in 1986. I like our neighbors across the street. 

Meanwhile, kids (of all races) who live inside elaborately constructed safety cones--airbags; mandatory bicycle helmets; mommy pagers; home-security systems; anti-drug campaigns; anti-sex propaganda; and sanitized-for-your-protection suburbs--yearn for something to rebel against.
Anti-drug campaigns is the number one cause of drug use in kids.

The National Agricultural Workers Survey (NAWS), a statistical sampling of migrant and seasonal
There were more workers than in previous years.

Serum alcohol levels, toxicology screens, and use of the breath alcohol analyzer.
Technology is uses to check alcohol level 

Our review indicates that the agencies, except as noted above, complied with the applicable requirements.
The agencies were very truthful.

Kazimierz built great castles and towns, codified laws, and created an entire administrative system of governance for the war-torn country.
Kazimierz was the greatest leader in the history of Poland.

Krugman would also have found out that the Buenos Aires Stock Exchange is not representative of the way things  Bonds are important, and what businessmen are doing is important.
Bonds are crucial to the economy.

The Long Beach tourist office can recommend a historical walking tour of landmark buildings along Ocean Boulevard and Pine Avenue.
Ocean Boulevard and Pine Avenue are also filled with strategically located shops.

Given Social Security's progressive benefit formula, however, the replacement rate varies by income.
Social Security's progressive benefit formula is very popular among citizens.

When viewed from the perspective of federal saving and the economy, the growth in total Medicare spending will be become increasingly burdensome over the long run.
The administration feels that curbing Medicare spending is in the best interests of the country as a result.

and finishing up at school and so those papers really i mean it was nice having access to the
I needed access to it because I had all of those papers due for school.

Engakuji is Kamakura's largest temple complex; often wracked by fire and earthquake, 17 of the original 46 buildings have survived.
17 of the original buildings have survived although they have sustained damage.

They also said that sharing performance information generated more performance-related discussions, including at town-hall meetings, other meetings with managers, and during team meetings.
Having more discussions on performance information is beneficial.

FDA cites sections 201, 402, 403, 409, and 701 of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act.
Section 402 specifically cites Drug regulations.

He was wearing a frilly shirt and a ruffled waistcoat.
He looked very fancy in his frilly shirt and ruffled waistcoat.

Sources located where peak demand does not occur during the summer months may be less time-constrained to connect the FGD controls.
The controls were put in place for the test.

According to this faith, alcohol and tobacco are forbidden.
Forbidden vices are the only thing people detest about this faith. 

Keeping the exterior much as it was, Italian architect Gae Aulenti adapted the interior to house many of the previously scattered works of that period, including the superb Impressionist collections formerly held in the Jeu de Paume.
Aulenti was world renowned for his modern designs,

but it's i i know yeah same thing yes yes uh-huh
Yes, they're similar.

yeah i know you're right they would lobby that and and i see that and that's why you know i'm like okay what's my role in this thing  you know what's my part because i don't think the system is going to get fixed i think it's crippled
They would lobby for better pay.

The FCC prepared both an Initial Regulatory Flexibility Analysis and a Final Regulatory Flexibility Analysis, which appeared in the preambles to the proposed rule and the final rule, respectively.
The Initial Regulatory Flexibility Analysis shows how the proposed rule came about.

uh-huh uh-huh uh-huh and i think it's a a wonderful advantage for the young for the for the particularly for the males for the little boys to have a relationship with their father and and i don't think you
Boys grow up more rounded with their fathers in their lives.

And both the Globe and the Enquirer note Rogers' most famous  I never met a man I didn't like.
The quote is a grand one with staying power. 

Live music most weekends.
They play live music most Saturdays and Sundays outside.

He agreed with Brown that professional societies should be clear about funding opportunities.
Brown through that commercial entities should work to reduce costs at all times.

You'll see sea urchins, shoals of fish, and even small octopuses that make their homes in rocky crevices just off shore.
Sea urchins are the main attraction and are rare to catch a sight of off the shore.

Scotland is world renowned for its wool and the quality of its finished products.
Scotland have received awards for the quality of their finished products.

Cut down only those who raise arms.
If someone is holding a gun, they'll get shot.

To Scalia, however, the idea that judicial power responds to the demands of the time merely proves that there have always been willful judges who bend the law to their wishes.
Judges who bend the law in their favor, had dismissed Scalia's cases.

Are you quite sure?
Are you sure you said that?

When bathing in the sea became popular at the end of the 18th century, wealthy families from Edinburgh began to spend days here taking the waters in state-of-the art bathing machines. 
The bathing machines, while being state-of-the art, sometimes malfunctioned to the dismay of the wealthy families that used them.

The canvas was off but they were just watching.
They were watching what had been hidden with disinterest.

But politicians must answer questions, take abuse, and keep smiling.
Being a politician is not fun.

I said right out: 'You're an old woman, Emily, and there's no fool like an old fool. 
I did not like Emily because she was old and foolish.  

Upstairs, a large gallery was reserved for the women of the congregation.
The women used the gallery for community meetings.

not let them go and get out of it let them go and pay their crime or their time doing something else
I don't think prison actively adds value to the economic structure of my nation. 

That golden head with its tossing crown of black forelock; it was slipping back!
They were about to take the lead over the golden head!

The Hall of 1000 Pillars (in fact only 997) is in the northeast corner, full of carved, bizarre lion-elephants, and the Pandava brothers, the heroes from the Mahabharata from whom the Madurai Pandyas claim descent.
There used to be 1000 pillars in the hall, but three were destroyed over the years.

WHAT THE EXPERTS SAY ABOUT THE ACID RAIN CAP AND TRADE PROGRAM
Experts say that acid rain is bad.

Today, the paintings and sculptures found in its necropolis of over 5,700 tombs provide fascinating evidence of the brilliant Etruscan civilization for archeology buffs.
Studying all of the paintings and sculptures found in the Etruscan necropolis would be difficult for archaeology students and experts alike.

Coimbra's old city is a good place to find ceramics featuring revived 17th-18th-century styles typical of the area.
The ceramics feature characteristically coloring.

Jon scooped a handful of lard from a dish and spread it over his ruined hair.
His hair had been ruined by the flames.

okay i i live on Wharton Drive
I built this house on Wharton last year.

A popular surfing beach adjoins the lagoon.
This is a very popular water skiing spot.

For the remaining puzzle is why the world provided LTCM with so much money to lose.
The puzzle is the reason why LTCM is at risk of losing millions of dollars. 

Walker urged that this research not be confined to academic medical centers, but be designed and carried out in partnerships with other stakeholders, particularly community-level providers.
Walker was discouraged by the ivory tower nature of past research and wanted to broaden participation to include others invested in healthcare.

Come here, Hastings. 
Join me, Hastrings, and quickly.

Rock and hip-hop music increasingly celebrate marijuana and other drugs.
Drug culture has become intertwined with popular music.

yeah but uh also the pollen down here has been terrible if if you've got sinuses if you're bothered with ragweed and mountain cedar and all that other stuff that gets in the air boy it's just been driving everybody crazy
Mold allergies are of no concern in this area.  

i live uh i live in a a ranch
My ranch has lots of chickens.

Particularly good family outings if the weather is fine are trips to see the animals at Trotters and Friends in Bassenthwaite or at the Owl Sanctuary at Muncaster Castle, or taking steam-railway rides at Lakeside or on La'al Ratty at Eskdale.
There are more owls at Trotters and Friends than there are at the Owl Sanctuary in Muncaster Caster.

The largest cathedral in France, it is celebrated for its statues and bas-reliefs and the oak carving of the 110 choir stalls, the work of great 16th-century cabinet-makers.
It has the oldest oak carving in France.

This massive steel suspension bridge stages the most magnificent traffic jams; it is a great place to gauge the Bengali temperament.
The bridge gets backed up during the hour before and the hour after the general work day.

For example, analysis of estimates derived from the economic literature provides an estimate of the value of reductions in mortality risk.
There is a lot of literature on the subject.

All programs commit to addressing internal diversity concerns.
The programs want to address internal diversity concerns for the postal service.

Both grants come from the Legal Services.
The grants were both over $1,000,000 each.

Employing interactive video- and touch-screen technology, the kiosks guide users through the bureaucracy of obtaining domestic-violence restraining orders, establishing child custody, responding to child support and eviction orders, initiating small-claims suits and requesting waivers for legal filing fees.
Because of the advanced technologies involved in them, each kiosk costs $500,000.

This organization relied primarily on regular mail and telephone conversations to disseminate information about most things, including meeting agendas and real-time problem solving.
Most of the mail conversations were from overseas.

Jon had no idea what to do.
About halfway through putting together his new desk, Jon got confused and wasn't sure what to do next. 

Some of the most accessible can be found near the village of Tarabados, 8 km (13 miles) north of Tinos Town.
There are many towns north of Tinos Town. 

The Thunderbird, Desert Inn, Sahara, Sands, and Riviera hotels were erected during this period, luring a curious clientele drawn by tales of all-night partying, exclusive entertainment, and cheap accommodations.
The Desert Inn and Riviera hotels were later closed down due to issues with the local police and liquor laws.

Also, Newsweek trashes Disney's forays into professional-sports ownership.
Disney has been involved in professional sports ownership for several years.

Black South Africans may throw their support to the Pan-Africanist Party, a left-wing spinoff from the ANC.
Black South Africans feel closely alligned with the Pan-Africanist party.

Are the techniques of data gathering and data processing explictly described?
The techniques of data gathering and data processing are clearly defined.

Nike CEO Phil Knight likes to pose as capitalism with a human face, a man devoted to social justice.
Knight has been the CEO for 10 years.

Fifty km (30 miles) east of Hassan, the Vindhyagiri Hill rises 140 m (463 ft) above the plateau, with one of the most dramatic monuments in all India, the statue of Gommatesvara, on its top.
The statiue is a well loved sight, and many come to visit it. 

Now, sir, said Japp, turning briskly to John, "I should like to see the lady's bedroom, please, and after that I'll have a little 96 chat with the servants. 
Japp had already looked at the other bedrooms in the house but did not see any servants.

yeah yeah i've never seen any of those yeah i can't either he seems so macho i just
i haven't seen any the Rocky films.

Built on Roman foundations, the castle was erected in the late 13th century to keep the Scots at bay its strategic position affords good views of the surrounding lowland.
The castle's strategic position was decided upon by the king and his advisors.

At a time when Americans are growing increasingly cynical about public service and increasingly disillusioned about their political leaders, McCain charged Saturday, I was disappointed to see my fellow Republicans' reaction to recent comments and writings by Pat Buchanan concerning our nation's role in defeating Nazi Germany.
There is widening gap between the political people and general people.

Behind its concrete facade (a result of rebuilding after numerous earthquakes), Chios Town has a number of clues to its past.
Chios Town is home to lovely gardens and cafes.

I'm mainly a history person.
I like history, not science.

that's weird i hope we never met
That is absurd; if we ever met, I'd look the other way.

It desperately needs something like the Style section, where it can run imprudent stories that readers are dying to read but have yet to acquire the Heft and Importance of a New York Times News Story.
If it does not include the Style section, it would have to close down.

Last year, the LSC gave Illinois nearly $12 million -- or a third of the money going to the state's legal aid programs -- to fund the Legal Assistance Foundation of Metropolitan Chicago, Prairie State Legal Services and Land of Lincoln Legal Assistance Foundation.
Illinois had a budget of about $36 million for legal aid programs, up from $30 million the year before.

and uh i especially liked the prescription especially since my children tend to have ear infections all the time  that those prescriptions can be very expensive
Certain prescriptions are more affordable than others.

He stumbled over a prostrate figure, which started up with a yell of alarm and dashed off down the street.
He tripped and heard an alarm that scared him, so he started to run away since he would get in trouble if he got caught.

The SEC received 97 comments to the proposed rulemaking.
97 comments is nearly twice as much as other proposed rulemakings usually receive.

The administrative approval normally is based on verification that the items ordered were actually received and met the government's specifications, and thus validates a vendor's request (invoice) for payment.
Verification of invoice approval is a long and tedious process and may delay payment for months.

As noted above, projections beyond 2010 are of limited value as market conditions could change significantly between now and 2010 in response both to demand for resources for a multipollutant program and because of other market factors.
The economy will also decrease if the market conditions change.

Tours of the brewery itself are not offered, but the Guinness Visitor Centre, in a four-story converted 19th-century building, presents a wonderful history of the world of Guinness.
The brewery may be off limits to visitors but the Visitor Center situated nearby offers tourists a fascinating glimpse at Guinness' past and how its business operates.

The pyramid is made up of six brick tiers, reaching a height of 60 m (196 ft).
The pyramid stands tall amidst the city of Cairo.

At lambing time, the frolicking youngsters are enchanting.
Lambing time is the only time when the youngsters frolick.

But the interior of the mountain range and the most beautiful parts of the parks are not accessible to  the best way to experience them is to take a guided walk.
There are other beautiful areas that don't need a guided walk.

Finally, we can try to remove temptation, by avoiding policy initiatives that make it easy for politicians to play favorites.
Politicians will try for more temptation.

This is the West Indies at their most colorful.
The West Indies is colorful in general.

Founded by French architect Auguste Mariette in an attempt to stop the flow of artifacts to museums around the world, it has grown into one of the major collections in the world, housing some of the finest treasures of the ancient Egyptian civilization.
Artifacts from Egypt still flow to museums around the world.

I thank you for what you have done, she told Jon.
She was grateful that Jon had saved her.

Pass through the gate for your first view of the massive roof of the Daibutsuden straight ahead.
The roof is a beautiful and important attraction. 

8 million weekend gross lags $10 million behind that of The Lost  Jurassic Park . The  The reviews were disappointing and so are the returns.
They were afraid they would be losing money on the film.

A co-founder and partner of Verspoor, Waalkes and Lalley, a small law firm in the Trust Building downtown, Lalley, 53, said, he doesn't regard his own public service as anything special. 
His public service is nothing special.

In addition to the Department of Labor's outreach program, other federal agencies also play a role in saving education.
The Dept. of Labor's outreach program played a role in saving education.

Not only do thousands of economists agree on something, but what they agree on is the warm and cuddly idea that we should do more to protect the environment.
Economists only agree with environmentalism because they see how a bad planet will hurt their businesses.

The main reaction to the older ballets is, Wow!
The older ballets are better than modern ballets.

they just averaged it all out but most kids stay until about six so it will be about ten dollars which will cover the ride and cover the hours you stay
It is ten dollars to cover the expenses of employee uniforms.

Another 16 km (10 miles) north on the narrow, twisting road is Curral das Freiras, a village that until very recently was truly isolated from the outside world.
The village was very reluctant about the opening to the outside world.

And why is it, the critics ask, that Quindlen's protagonist, the abused wife of a Brooklyn cop, sounds so much like a sophisticated Manhattan journalist?
QUindlen's protagonist was a NYC journalist.

And" she produced a long-drawn-out wink "I guess she won't get away with the goods this time." Albert uttered another ejaculation indicative of delight.
Albert was excited to be done with the situation.

It is quite en regle, continued Poirot. 
Poirot sighted before saying it is quite en regle.

Japan has a number of excellent skiing areas, which quickly get very crowded in season.
Skiing in Japan is the most fun you will have in Japan.  

Return to the B5289 and continue toward the southern tip of Derwent Water.
Te southern tip of Derwent Water is the final destination.

You can also order a CD.
You can order many CD's.

i don't know um i think it covers a portion because like i said my sister lives over there and they they just they just never have to worry about it i think it might not cover full dental but it does cover some and again it covers you know
It doesn't cover full dental, but it covers regular checkups and cleanings, I think.

That is also the name of Johnson's recent book--a 175-page tract that pleads for still more subsidies while cloaking itself in high-mindedness.
Johnson's new book is 175 pages long and sold at Barnes & Noble.

Fashion Island in Newport Beach is another good Orange County shopping enclave.
Fashion Island sells all sorts of island themed clothing.

Dumping their tax-deductible loot by the millions, the corporations (Archer Daniels Midland, GE, Mobil, Exxon, Chevron, Dupont, Metropolitan Life) encouraged the sort of shows only a member of the Business Roundtable could  centrist news programs, conservative talk shows, Wall Street advice shows, lions-of-the-Serengeti documentaries, and historical dramas that set all human conflict in late-19 th -century England.
Companies were dumping their loot to avoid having to report it.

Gray Davis to Los Angeles Superior Court, April 2000; partner, Morrison &amp; Foerster, 1991-2000; partner, Hufstedler, Kaus &amp; Ettinger (and predecessor firms), 1983-91; associate, Beardsley, Hufstedler &amp; Kemble (and related firms), 1977-82 Law  Harvard Law School  49
Kaus & Ettinger won a case in court.

Then came Lee Harvey Oswald, Squeaky Fromme, and John Hinckley.
Oswald, Fromme, and Hinckley were the last to come.

The indigents served by the center won't be the only ones to benefit.
The indigents that the center servces won't be the only people helped, since they will have to volunteer hours with other groups.

Sheen will then have a July hearing on whether he violated his probation--he pleaded no contest a year ago to attacking a girlfriend--by engaging in drug activity.
Sheen isn't worried about whether or not he broke probation.

Films set at college are never as universally recognizable, because people's experiences after high school are too different to generalize about.
Films about college are difficult for people to relate to unless they went to a big university.

yeah you put in your code
Yeah, you put in your code and get a coffee.

um-hum i i actually take both newspapers on the weekends i figure i'm only taking on the weekend and i can afford that i i find the news reporting in the the
The weekend newspapers don't cost as much as the ones on the weekdays.

much larger
The truck was a lot bigger. 

um it seems to have so many other benefits you know besides just the exercise
The benefits are increased well being.

Normally, I simply wouldn't invite him and would explain that it was a small ceremony (which it is).
I don't want him to be there, he would ruin everything. 

In a limited way, the Reagan speech served as guidance for his policies after he came into office.
Reagan's policies were very sound and fair, and people loved him very much.

It is most easily supplied in zipped form, in which it occupies only 0.9MB and will fit on a 1.44MB disk.
They could still find 1.44MB disks on the desk.

Check with the local sources for a seasonal update.
Make sure to plan ahead and check local resources for updates each season.

The childlike playfulness of the doomed queen's hideaway is reinforced by the Hameau, a hamlet of thatched cottages where she and her retinue pretended to be milkmaids and farm boys.
The queen had a very happy and loving childhood.

uh-huh um-hum was it very crowded out there or
It was crowded out in the concert yard.

they when they buy a tape or something sometimes that's fun because it's different and something i've not always heard and you know i enjoy that
I enjoy listening to weird music that makes other people uncomfortable.

but you have to either yeah so but uh what have you seen
What kind of movies have you watched lately?

He had debated whether or not to bring his guns and blades and ended up deciding to bring them.
Half of them thought they should bring weapons while the other half said no.

Horyuji was actually built decades after Prince Shotoku's death in 622.
Horyuji is a beautiful attraction. 

With regard to responsibility, all CPAs should be mindful of the broader public interest in connection with all their activities.
CPAs are being taught that it is their responsibility to focus on the public interest aspects of their activities.

Letting slower white American runners into races just because they're white Americans is precisely analogous to letting blacks and Latinos with poor SATs and low grades into colleges just because they're blacks or Latinos.
Most experts would contend that analogies like this fail to take historical and economic context into account.

It's redeploying assets to boost the stock price.
It's redeploying assets just to make the stock price go up above $5.

How did the welfare culture grow in the first place?
Not many people can explain how welfare culture grew at the start, but it's quite simple now to see the growing trend.

Please be assured that knives in the schools are not caused by calling Mrs. Allen Jodie.
Spoons in schools may or may not be caused by calling Mrs. Allen Jodie.

He's always a nervous chap." 90 "His suggestion that his mother might have been poisoned accidentally by means of the tonic she was taking, that did not strike you as strange ”hein?"
The thinks his mother was poisoned by accidentally drinking a chemical.

--Daniel Chartier, Former Emission Trading Manager, Wisconsin Electric, Congressional Testimony, July 1997.
The Testimony was about emissions.

It is difficult to know which direction to follow from here.
It is easy to get lost in this area, because the streets are narrow.

pIncluded as expenses in calculating net cost.
The net cost comes out positive.

The auditor should ensure that test planning is conducted early enough so that test requirements are included in the contract.
The auditor always conducts test planning well before scheduled contracts.

So far she had fooled Whittington with complete success, but to mention a palpably impossible sum might awaken his suspicions.
She fooled Whittington by taking advantage of him.

well i mean and it's uh i don't know what do you what do you think of Incaviglia's uh loss
What do you think about yesterday's game that Incaviglia lost?

i kind of wonder you know gosh if i could sit on the bench and earn five hundred thousand dollars a year i'd just be happy to sit there
I envy him for just sitting on the bench and getting all that money.

Embracing the historical and cultural centers of Kyoto and Nara, the Ise-Shima shrines, and the vibrant commercial cities of Osaka and Kobe, the Kansai region is essentially the heart of the nation.
Kyoto and Nara have lots of important historical places like government palaces and schools.

The sultans were left in charge of local and religious affairs, content with their prestige, prosperity, and security.
The sultans would play no role in determining Foreign policy, policing, or taxation.

The quaint Taipa Village, with its narrow lanes and colonial buildings painted yellow, blue, and green, has almost been completely swallowed up by the development of nearby housing projects.
These new developments threaten the long term preservation of the village, as the land will surely be bought out by wealthy investors.

Let me introduce you to Miss Cowley.
A man wanted to introduce Miss Cowley to another person.

There are seven stops.
Three of the seven stops are more than a mile away.

They suggest growing livestock under cleaner, less confined conditions to prevent contamination of feed and water; slaughtering the animals so bacteria-containing skin and feces never get on food; and using simpler technologies, like steaming, to clean raw meat.
They did not want to eat tainted meat.

Louisiana oh well do you do cajun cooking
Is Cajun cooking popular here in Louisiana?

no it was very serious very serious
No one even laughed in the whole period.

This study will be funded by an LSC technical assistance grant and will be coordinated with an ABA peer study.
This study will be funded by the government as well

i saw them i went to a Beach Boys concert i like them too
The Beach Boys concert I went to was one of the best concerts ever.

A stopover in Singapore is also an opportunity to find the latest bargains for cameras and computers.
Singapore is the best country for buying cameras and computers.

Please contact me or Curtis Copeland at (202) 5128676 if you or your staff have any questions.
Our preferred contact hours are Monday-Friday between 9am-5pm. 

checking account a lot  uh not so much credit cards now several years back i used to use charge uh charge cards and you know all the time kind of thinking oh well it's on sale you know it must be a good deal and
I spent money like water when I was younger. 

Liqueurs abound.
The liqueurs all have different flavors.

The spectacular invasion by Alexander the Great of Macedonia in 326 b.c. ended Persian presence, but apart from opening up trade with Asia Minor and the eastern Mediterranean, the Greeks left no lasting impact on India during the two-year campaign.
The Greeks were not interested in leaving a lasting impact on India.

But defending the right to discriminate against gays is no longer a sure winner for them.
People are upset when they try to discriminate against gays in the military.

it like cuts  your trash can in half so you could put cans on one side and and other on the other side so
It makes it easy to separate trash.

well nowadays you have to be
It's really necessary that you are.

like we had to save and plan and
It was worth the sacrifice in the end.

We have your body through those, nor can you take it out of our reach.
If you try to take it out of our reach, we will kill you.

It was her I saw talking to Whittington at that nursing home in Bournemouth.
Whittington works at a nursing home.

His efforts at Coniston ended in tragedy, however, as his boat left the water at high speed and broke into several pieces on shore.
He wasn't able to beat the world record because he died when his boat crashed.

one one liter bottles and um i i think it's kind of generational although i must admit that that i am not i can i'm not conversant in saying you know that's three centimeters away i mean or or or
I am not conversant in talking about things in centimeters because I am used to talking about inches. 

We'll have to dine upstairs.
We'll have dinner upstairs.

One of Washington's Favorite 
Washington had clear favorites when it came to travel.

Tolly worked in narcotics and knew there was a Southern market for drugs and so converted an existing piece of machinery, creating the first morphine pill.
In creating the first morphine pill, Tolly stood to make millions.

Moyers' defenders say that television has enough strife elsewhere (very little of it illuminating) and that it's important that the airwaves offer a civil forum like Moyers'.
Moyers show is meant to provide a lesson in civil discourse.

More depressing is the possibility that he means it.
He revealed in his speech that he possibly means it.

Where appropriate, we have made adjustments to existing primary research for the level of environmental quality change, the sociodemographic and economic characteristics of the affected population, and other factors in order to improve the accuracy and robustness of benefits estimates.
Many researchers have criticized this technique.

The problem is that they are total teetotalers, and to me, a day (much less New Year's Eve) without a drink is no day at all!
They are boring and full of excuses about not wanting to have a drink even if it's New Year's Eve.

Better, perhaps, to sort things out thoroughly in the short run, and to prevent even greater devastation for all concerned down the road--even if that means suffering a few casualties, or opening ourselves up to the charge of imperialism.NomadNet, a page on Somalia, Peacekeeping, Relief &amp; Economic Development Issues run by Michael Maren, has been shut down, but its archives are still open.
It's better to figure out the peacekeeping quickly.

Anti-tobacco forces fear that the industry will find a way to evade regulation.
The tobacco industry will find ways to skirt the regulations.

Not that Roseanne needs your sympathy.
Roseanne doesn't need your sympathy because she is very confident.

The cattle and sheep markets are not tourist attractions as such.
The cattle markets are not for tourists because they are crowded and noisy and dirty.

Sofukuji temple (1629) is a handsome example of late Ming Dynasty architecture, with its striking vermilion-painted, stone-arched tower gate.
The Ming Dynasty influence on the Sofukuji temple set the standard for other temples after it.

As absurd as it may seem, she and Johnson sound like a couple of suitors (click to listen in on the courtship).
This sentence may seem absurd, but it has to be told.

The best time to see them all is early morning, looming out of the mist, or at sunset, throwing dramatic shadows.
It's easiest to see the dolphins in the morning.

no we don't yeah yeah
No, we do not see each other anymore.

UC Santa Cruz To Make the Grades?
Does UC Santa Cruz do well enough at preparing students for life?

You know, Fairbanks is such a small town, he probably wouldn't have to do much besides hit the bars talking about Christ dying for your sins and shooting a good game of nine-ball, and folks would just follow him.
The young missionary arrived in Fairbanks with little to look forward to except talking about Christ in the bars and pool halls.

Teen-age girls are taking them to improve performance and win college athletic scholarships.
The teen age girls are taking steroids to improve their performance. 

But the need keeps growing larger, and that means attorneys, and all others with the means, have a greater obligation to help.
The need is over double what it was last year.

This is a great opportunity for people in Kerrville and Kerr County to sit down with the different agencies and get their recovery questions answered, said Mindy Wendele, City of Kerrville spokeswoman. 
The people of Kerrville and Kerr County have a great opportunity and a lot of the residents will take it. 

oh boy it's one of those things on the surface you know it seems like a great idea it's like a joke i heard once about uh elephant foot soup you know it's easy to do once you find a elephant foot
It seems great on the outside but only bad sometimes in certain situations

Otherwise, southern Italy is overlooked by tourists almost as much as it has been by the national government since the 1871 reunification.
The national government doesn't much care for the southern portion of the country and doesn't spend much, if anything on advertising it.

oh yuck yeah that's terrible that's terrible gosh
I am disgusted by how terrible it is.

This scheme is far from perfect, but uninsured kids already get the hospital care they need when they're sick because hospitals pass unpaid costs along to states and private insurers.
This scheme is far from perfect, uninsured kids get hospital care when they're sick and hospitals pass the unpaid costs to states and private insurers resulting in a huge bill for them.

he pays for that yeah a couple hundred bucks probably for that like high end card
The high end card comes with all kinds of bonuses.

'I can handle things up here.'
I am confident that I can handle things.

i don't know i i i think the idea is supposed to be natural so that you know there's no
i'm not sure if the idea is a natural one.

and you actually um with this process by putting in the tires end up with more energy from the oil
It's a long process, but at the end of the day you end up with more energy from oil.

Using the same technology we use in Slate's reader-discussion forum, The Fray, Chatterbox will be updated whenever the fancy strikes, independent of Slate's official daily posting schedule.
The Chatterbox section does what it wants.

hi Nicole i'm Mary Ann
Mary had a little lamb whose...well you know.

This interesting place, run by Black Hebrews (a sect from the U.S.A.), serves the most inventive vegan food in town.
The Black Hebrews run it and all have culinary degrees.

As recalled by Peter Prichard in his book, The Making of McPaper , Neuharth condemned the old journalism of despair, a derisive technique of leaving readers discouraged, or mad, or indignant.
Peter Prichard likes leaving readers discouraged and indignant.

With pleasure, replied Tommy.
It is my pleasure, replied Tommy.

they were they were i mean i you know i i go to Italy every summer except i missed last summer but i mean it's like that you go into the small towns especially you know like in where he was in Sicily
I go to Italy every summer except that I missed last one because I was very sick.

President Clinton presented his plan for overhauling Medicare.
Clinton wanted to cut Medicare funding greatly.

This is an excellent place to come and sit in the shade among the fragrant blooms.
There is a place I enjoy going that allows you to picnic in the shade and enjoy the smell of flowers.

Project Directors' Association.
Project Directors' Association of Greater Tulsa. 

Her life was safe enough. 
She was, to an extent, safe - though that could change at any moment. 

In that circumstance, the unit remains subject to the trading programs but is covered by the non-opt-in requirements that cover all affected EGUs.
The unit is subject to the trading programs as it's an affected EGU.

If war does erupt, it may not be contained as it was in Bosnia.
A second war in Bosnia is also likely to happen at some point.

A trade treaty gave the Dutch command of the spice trade but reserved Johor's rights in tin exports from Perak, Selangor, and Klang.
The spice trade was the most profitable trade at the time.

The resulting larger pie could be split up so that everyone, both during and after the transition, is better off.
A larger pie would make everyone before the transition happier.

When at length they turned into it, proceeding in an easterly direction, Tommy 50 slightly increased his pace.
Tommy 50 increased his pace after the turn because he was ready to be done traveling.

Vrenna drew the dagger from her left boot and buried it in the sword wielder's temple.
Vrenna killed the man with one blow to the head.

My small village, Fena Dim, stands under the sword.
Fena Dim was going to be attacked at daybreak.

If they learn of the caves we're going to be fighting with our backs to the wall.
Once they know about the caves, we're done for. They'll know of them and use them against us.

If you're interested enough to make a small investment, first look at the marvelous samples in the Municipal Art Museum in the park before buying.
You can look at some samples before buying if you check out the park, it has 5 paintings.

Further, indigenous Mexican farmworkers have maintained significant family and economic ties to their home villages in Mexico.
Mexican farmers from other countries visit their home villages frequently. 

What's this thing swerving  Oh!" There was a grinding noise and a bump.
The bump was because the car had struck a rock in the road.

Only one other time was even close and it was a memory he buried deep down in his heart.
He tried not to think about what had happened.

In the outdoor theater that is Italy, Naples is unabashed around the port, the popular quarters of Spaccanapoli, even the more bourgeois neighborhoods of Vomero and Posillipo.
Naples has a robust and colorful culture visitors to the area like to explore, such as the popular quarters of Spaccanapoli and the bourgeois neighborhoods of Vomero and Posillipo.

Most of our jibes work a rich vein of educated vs. uneducated, which is another way of saying rich vs. poor.
80% of the American population, many with expensive degrees, earn less than 20000 dollars a year.

What have you been doing?" For a moment, Tommy stared at him.
Tommy stared at him for 30 seconds.

The ultimate adoption of particular approaches within those agencies will require sufficient resources and an understanding of how the approaches will fit into the agencies' overall IT strategic plans.
Without access to sufficient resources, agencies will be unable to fulfill their visions.

The cannon sounded again for the 1918 Armistice and the funeral of Marshal Foch in 1929.
The cannon was decommissioned after Marshal Foch's funeral and can never fire again.

It was reviewed by OMB and approved as meeting the requirements of the Order.
The Order has harsh requirements to be met.

And I read that the other man who was thrown from the car ran Thomas' charity golf tournament.
The man was killed when he was thrown from the car.

What do you think of the stock you saw down in the corral? Don Cazar poured a honey-colored liquid from the decanter into a small glass.
Don Cazar was drinking because it made him relax.

The population shift translates into a loss of $163,000 by the parent Legal Services Corp., combined with the loss of $35,000 in court-generated fees from two other programs.
Legal Services lost a lot of money in June because of the population shift.

which i was kind of leaning toward anyway to tell you the truth
I was leaning towards getting breakfast early, to be honest.

I'm just about desperate."
I'm just about dying for his love and attention

Not earlier? 
Not previously, before the book caught on fire?

, magnesium or buffering agents) will reduce the amount of limestone needed.
Magnesuim is a catalyst for limestone.

Frequent free bus service connects with the section of the museum housed in the Collins Barracks .
The bus is supported by donations to the museum.

Today, the programs operate seamlessly, offering new innovations - including toll-free multilingual phone advisers, expanded hours for domestic-violence clinics, and renewed immigration and consumer aid - built on the foundations of the old program.
There are multi-lingual phone advisors to help Spanish speakers who call.

'But now that she's back to a C cup we can,' continued a smiling Bagemihl.
The woman had undergone plastic surgery.

and it's time consuming so
It is a waste of time. 

okay yeah i enjoyed it thank you uh-huh okay bye-bye
Bye, have a nice day.

Decommissioned after everything became available on Bobble Earth,' the captain answered and added in Denise's direction, 'switching to manual controls.
The captain wanted to land the ship manually.

I guess what I'm saying is that maybe times haven't changed all that much and that stupid people are the same all over the world.
Everywhere has stupid people.

There is a lively young scene based around the university, and a sophistication to match other major Greek cities such as Athens or Thessalonica.
There so many things to do near the university, The students always have something to do for entertainment.

uh i haven't had too much experience with uh judges and jurors i've uh served on a jury one time and uh i think one of my concerns after that experience was uh finding that there tend to be people in the jury that can't bring themselves to sentence someone
I think it's a flaw in the legal system that many would get to run free simply because people don't want to wish harm upon someone. 

I'm jus' small stuff, not worth botherin' 'bout by their reckonin', now I ain't got anythin' left them buzzards can pick offen m' bones.
They are lying when they say it's not worth bothering with.

When Chechens raided the Russian territory of Dagestan, and bombs wrecked Moscow apartment buildings, the army seized the opportunity.
The army took over Dagestan and controlled it.

Once or twice he discarded dignity, and pounded on the door.
He was really angry, that the person didn't let him in.

Colmar is also the birthplace of Auguste Bartholdi, designer of the Statue of Liberty.
Auguste Bartholdi spent his entire childhood in Colmar. 

Seems like a man who's waitin' to catch a fella makin' his boot mark in th' wrong pasture can sometimes do it."
It is usually easy to catch a man after waiting for him.

yeah yeah  well if you're off off a road you know away from a road and you're off of the main road you said away from a road  you know and you keep an eye on her it's probably okay  i'm just real
She has a tendency to wander so be careful. 

Please go inside, sir.
Please go inside to get out of the rain, sir.

The main buildings of historical or cultural significance are all within easy walking distance of the old center, Dutch Square, down by the Melaka River.
Melaka River flows right through Dutch Square and drains into the ocean on the other side of town.

Our justice system is predicated on the assumption that both parties will be represented by lawyers who act as gatekeepers and guides through a complex legal system that would otherwise be inaccessible to many of us.
Our justice system assumes everyone can afford a good lawyer.

Downtown Aswan has a pleasant riverside Corniche where you can stroll and watch the world go by.
Aswan has a large river running through it.

This giddying confluence of distinct religions is matched only by the diversity of the population.
The populations diversity reflects the distinction of religious beliefs.

My beloved Sox beat the Indians.
The Sox won by 12 runs.

Although no comments were submitted in direct response to the Initial Regulatory Flexibility Analysis, the Commission noted that a number of the general comments on the Notice of Proposed Rulemaking raised issues that could affect small entities.
The Commission staff were overworked and made an error, missing one of the relevant comments on the Notice of Proposed Rulemaking.

But this is childish! 71 "No, it is very momentous."
This is what a kid would do when faced with criticism!

yeah i just ripped i just cut it up and threw it away but you know
I cut it up so that no one else could use it.

Yes, we heard that Mrs. Inglethorp wrote to you last night. 
Last night, Mrs. Inglethorp wrote to you about what she found in the basement, we heard.

The porticoed Plaza Mayor (main square), an architectural symphony in bold but balanced tones, is one of Spain's most recognizable sights.
The Plaza Mayor is the most recognizable sights in Spain.

The parish church, the Eglise Sainte-Croix, is worth a visit for the splendid 16th-century altarpiece by Jean Bongartz of Colmar.
The Eglise Sainte-Croix has beautiful stained glass windows.

  The economic value that people place on improved visibility on a day that they visit a Class I area is applied to the predicted deciview changes and projected number of park visitors affected to attain recreational visibility monetary benefits.
The zoo's attendance had dropped significantly over the last year.

yeah i kind of i haven't been keeping up with football i mean in the fall i i can go on and on about football but since it's kind of off season it's kind of hard to think back about all that but uh
I follow professional basketball in the winter. 

He was light skinned and had hair of gold.
The king had light hair and skin. 

The town cannot be defended, said San'doro.
San'doro said to not even try protecting it.

Equal Employment Opportunity Commission, a position he held until January 1998.
His work at the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission was widely admired.

Each day, GAO issues a list of newly available reports and testimony.
The GAO goes into great detail on all of their reports. 

One reason to head north is to do as the Harley Davidson motorcycle enthusiasts cruise Mulholland Drive, a scenic road that twists and turns through the mountains from Highway 101 to Ventura County.
Motorcycle enthusiasts tend not to wear helmets when they drive on this road.

It's strange that conservatives who insist that the government must make more forceful moral judgments take the relativistic position that it's incapable of ever making aesthetic ones.
The government's recent  judgements have led to an outcry from the public

Wachter's $9 billion system-wide wage premium exceeds the $6.
The wage premium is new this year.

Jus' a half-growed kid, not big 'nough to raise a good brush o' hair on his chin yet.
He's just a young thing, with no ability to shave or fight.

yeah it was it was delightful watching them uh learn they uh they went out with their individual personalities and picked it up in their own little way
They were successful because they went out with their individual personalities.

This has no effect on total costs, and therefore only affects the mail processing percentage.
Most mail processors consider it a good thing that this has no impact on total costs.

The views are stupendous, especially at sunset.
The vantage point we had was a one of a kind spot.

5 million in VAWA funding.
More than enough funding from VAWA.

You will always see someone rubbing the part of a statue corresponding to an afflicted area in the hope of relief from pain and worry.
If you don't rub the corresponding area, it won't be effective.

But because I selfishly acted as if other people's children are less important than my own, I stopped reproducing too soon.
The children involved were young, all between the ages of three and five. 

jeez i'm not worried about it
Don't fret.

In 1989, Publishers Express was founded by Time Inc., Meredith Corp., American Express Publishing, New York Times Co., Times Mirror Co., and R. R. Donnelley, among others, to provide alternative delivery.
Time Inc. is the primary shareholder of Publishers Express.

and you knew it had had been through a whole lot
It has been around a long time.

Now, if it had been lost and recovered, Mrs. Inglethorp would at once have replaced it on her bunch; but on her bunch I found what was obviously the duplicate key, very new and bright, which led me to the hypothesis that somebody else had inserted the original key in the lock of the despatch-case."
Since she had to put a new key on her bunch, it was obvious that someone had stolen the old one.

the interest on the associated debt securities is classified as nonexchange revenue, and it should be accounted for as an exchange gain or loss if the interest on the associated debt securities is classified as exchange revenue.
The interested on the associated debt was said to cover a period of 15 years.

To the north of the church, the Rue Bonaparte takes you to the prestigious Ecole des Beaux-Arts.
The Rue Bonaparte is a famous road.

and they're under i think they're uh about eight hundred dollars now
The current price is a lot higher than before.

The ancient library of Alexandria founded by Ptolemy I was said to be the greatest collection of manuscripts in the ancient world comprising some 70,000 items.
The majority of the works in the library of Alexandria were written in Greek.

The Palladian-style Rotunda was built by Richard Castle in 1751 1755; it's Europe's oldest maternity hospital.
The hospital was funded by donations from the Catholic Church.

This ancient city is due northeast of Bodh Gaya, out on the road to Naland, and it has been holy to both the Buddhists and Jains since the sixth century b.c.
The Jains built some of their temples in the ancient city.

Well, whatever.
Whatever you want.

Ralph Nader, for example, notes that if Office Max now supports the merger, which it does, that makes you wonder how much real competition is in the offing.
Ralph Nader says if Office Max supports the merger, it makes you wonder how much competition is being done away with in the office supply industry.

Uluda  (Great Mountain, with a height of 1,800 metres/5,400 feet), above Bursa, is Turkey's largest ski resort, with a season lasting from December to March.
Skiing is very popular in Turkey.

and uh uh that is fine and not only that but you probably get some pretty good seats too
You should get remarkable seats at the box for the game.

Information Retrieval System (AIRS) to generate ozone concentrations for the entire ozone season.
Ozone must be generated 

The hillsides that surround the monastery are the site of Hong Kong's only tea plantation.
The monks at the monastery are in charge of the tea plantation. 

For the poor and vulnerable, the justice system represents the place of last resort - the place where essential rights are enforced and defended.
For the non-poor, the justice system is the first place they go to.

The original medieval castle received its new name when transformed in the 17th century into the royal residence of Vittorio Amedeo I's widow, nicknamed Madama Reale, a.k.a Maria Cristina of France.
Maria Christina of France did not like the castle's old name, so she decided to change it.

Following up on known significant findings 
We need to act on the findings.

well of course when we
It is possible.

yeah and and steroids i mean that kind of drug that's a lot longer
Steroids are probably the worst type of drug if you ask me.

yes there's too many people
I think there are too many people in that field of work.

yeah yeah i've seen more and more companies that have um parental leave not just maternity leave they can grant paternity leave as well as maternity leave
Most companies offer maternity leave but more are starting to offer paternity leave along with it. 

The author postulates that Ted hates David because David got married while Ted remained alone.
The author said that Ted hates David because Ted is jealous that Davids wife is pretty

Tommy! cried out Tuppence in surprise.
Tuppence was surprised, because he thought Tommy was dead.

and i just keep telling her how can you do that and i told her when she had her her little girl i said now you better get out of the habit of watching those you shouldn't be watching them with your little girl and she says her little girl's into it now
Her habit might be having a negative effect on her child.

bring a puppy in
I want that particular puppy to be brought in.

The Manson fight is a morality play in which everyone wins.
They did not see anyone not benefiting from it.

Although he is doing what he loves most, Zucker said, at times, he gets worn down by his clients' overwhelming poverty.
Some of these clients are poor because of health problems.

He said an NIAAA fellowship is one way of getting further training.
The NIAA has very well established facilities.

The point I tried to make in my e-mail was that Krugman confuses mathematical rigor with science.
I sent an email to my professor explaining that Krugman didn't know the difference between mathematical rigor and science. 

Emissions inputs were derived from the 1996 NTI and the 1996 NEI.
The 1996 NTI data were more significant than the 1996 NEI data. 

34As defined in this standard, annual investment includes more than the annual expenditure reported by character class for budget execution. 
The report subtracts annual expenditures from annual investments.

Unfortunately, the cement used for its construction contained sea sand, which caused the iron reinforcing rods to corrode.
Fortunately there was another bag of good cement they could replace it with.

In that Notice, the Commission prepared and published an Initial Regulatory Flexibility Analysis and invited written public comments on the proposed rulemaking, including comments on the Initial Regulatory Flexibility Analysis.
The commission published a report that they sent to the IRS.

Previous Readme columns
Previous Readme rows. 

yeah it's a lot of work to set up just for one night
Setting up a big camper is a lot of work.

Only a lunatic, who wished to commit suicide by causing himself to be hanged, would act so!"
A lunatic wanting to die through overdose would act like that. 

so you graduating are graduating or yeah well maybe i don't know i'd uh i really haven't changed that much since i was in school in school um of course you know i'm not sure you ever get out of school to tell you the truth and uh
You don't ever get out of school because there are constantly things you need to be learning about.

It will offer weeknight and weekend calling for a flat rate of five cents per minute.
To attract more people, the telephone company offered give cents per minute on weekends.

Each area averages 12 routes (with of course a very high deviation)18.
The areas are really long with many stops. 

Even I Kramenin! would not be exempt!"
Most have expected that a man of high status like me would not be subject to the same treatment, but no, there is no immunity for any single person."

Stephanopoulos is kinder to the first lady, whom he depicts as passionate and strong.
The first lady was accurately portrayed by Stephanopoulos.

and uh she she got pregnant and then we decided she would stay home with the kids we would make that sacrifice it is a financial sacrifice to make because we go from two incomes down to one
Without two incomes we won't be able to afford a new car for a while.

Guadeloupe's ordinary taxis may also be hired, but are extremely expensive.
The taxis are not as efficient as renting a bike.

oh that's there for direct yeah the direct sun beating on it yeah yeah that's right
We put the shade over the roof because of the direct sun.

i know i'm always scared of that whenever i go to a game i rarely go but we went last year because
We went to a game last year because our dad convinced us.

If a crocodile can outrun a human being, why can't a T-Rex?
A T-rex can't run faster than a human because it's arms are too small.

The Crusaders built the Gothic archwork in the 12th century; it was rebuilt in its present form in the 14th century.
No one liked the original architecture.

Her death was a shock and a distress, but she would not be passionately regretted. 
Everyone was ashamed for not being sadder. 

You don't know him!"
You know his sister. 

well you too all alrighty good-bye
I'll miss you once we say goodbye.

Before going into his apartment, Suwak turned the device off, even though the battery still had enough power for seven minutes of continuous use.
They did not want to the battery to be completely drained.

The warrior woman shrugged and gave a smiled at the huge man, he gave her one of his twisted grins in response.
The woman smiled at the huge man in return.

The church of Saint-Germain-des-Prees is an attractive mixture of Romanesque and Gothic, with an 11th-century clock tower.
The 11th-century clock tower looks out of place in the church.

Most of the tech executives are uninterested in politics (though Case is an exception).
Case is interested in politics.

So any gene that builds a man with a strong young body at the cost of a weak old body will prosper.
Some genes build young muscles at the cost of old muscles.

From the 12th to the 16th centuries, Toledo was a center of Jewish poets, historians, and philosophers.
The Jewish poets were more significant than the historians.

According to APHIS, this rule has been reviewed under Executive Order No.
This rule has been reviewed and is acceptable.

which laws and regulations might have a direct and material effect on the financial statements, (2) designing tests of compliance with laws and regulations, and (3) evaluating the results of those tests.
They design tests for compliance with regulations and then apply them to the small entities.

i'm not well we didn't well i we really really don't need it very much in Missouri where we're from
We don't need it because we're from Missouri.

That alone was reason for celebration.
Winning the battle was the reason for celebration.

breadth of information.
There's a breadth of information but not very much depth of information.

Look at the gorse.
Look at the yellow-flowered shrub by the window. 

yeah that was excellent
It was excellent.

There are several versions of  (1) Hillary knows her husband is a sexaholic but overlooks his infidelity to advance her own political career.
Hillary hates her husband's constant infidelity.

It dates from 1706, and is one of the few remaining original Queen Anne buildings in Dublin.
The building has fallen into disrepair recently.

The interesting Edwardian building was formerly the Pathological Institute, founded to combat the 19th century's 30-year-long outbreak of bubonic plague.
The institute did not succeed in its own efforts to battle the plague.

But I sometimes fancy I see a shadow behind." 185 "You mean?"
It seems there is a shadow behind this image, it might be an optic illusion.

, our labor.
Our labor. Our work. Our duties.

This three-block pedestrian mall, with its street performers, dinosaur topiaries, shops, movie houses, and restaurants, is perennially teeming with tourists and locals, especially on weekend evenings, when the pubs, pool halls, cafe, and shops guarantee an action-packed night out.
The pedestrian mall always has outdoor music after five on Fridays.

Sometimes the desire to work out an idea--as in the large-scale panel picture According to What (1964), which presents a series of Johns' customary images in a deliberately decentered composition--produces a flaccid surface.
Sometimes the desire to work out an idea as in the large-scale panel picture According to What (1964), which presents John's customary images in a decentered composition that is provocative.

In some instances, only one component of a case study may be analyzed in this way.
The complexity of the numbers makes it impossible to analyze a case study this way.

It also acts as an incentive for agencies to be ever vigilant in their efforts to address the wasteful spending that results from lapses in controls that lead to improper payments.
This project helps to reduce the wasteful spending by predicting and fixing the lapses in controls that lead to improper payments.

It's Bob Dole, and he pronounced the author's name as 'Liddy.
He mispronounced the name as Liddy instead of Livvy.

Within the outcrop (which is actually the Skull Hill of the Garden Tomb) is a cave called Jeremiah's Grotto; it is believed that the Prophet Jeremiah wrote the Book of Lamentations here and was then laid to rest.
Prophet Jeremiah was survived by 3 children and a wife.

Exposition Park, south of the central downtown area near the campus of the University of Southern Caleornia, is the site of several museums and attractions, including the Los Angeles Memorial Coliseum and Sports Arena.
Los Angeles is known for having a large Black population.

Time 's Richard Corliss says, It's like a vivid old New Yorker cartoon, animated by Tex Avery.
Richard Corliss has worked for the Times for over a decade.

but uh oh i watch things like uh Sixty Minutes every week uh
Sometimes I like to watch reruns of the show.

James Rogan, R-Calif., could emerge as a force for consensus.
James Rogan is respected by all of his colleagues.

The Italian works include a Fra Angelico Virgin and Child, Vero?­nese's Supper at Simon's House, and Pollaiuolo's Tobias and the Archangel.
The great works of Fra Angelico, Veronese, and Pollaiuolo are included in the museum's renowned exhibit.

For example, if the average piece of mail travels 1,000 miles and that is the cost on which the rate is based, mail going over 1,000 miles gets a relative bargain and mail staying in the office of entry can be viewed as helping to finance the long-distance mail.
Mail that goes long distances are unintentionally subsidized by shorter distance parcels.

not with me personally it is with a lot of other people
The other people it is with includes children.

Cummins, the world sales leader in diesel engines over 200 horsepower, effectively uses prototypes to ensure that a design is stable and believes in the value of prototyping throughout product development.
Prototyping adds significant costs to the product development, but if even one prototype turns out well, the costs are worth it.

you know we'd be yelling and going pick this one pick this one and we just had it was just a fun you know fun thing to watch but uh
There is a lot of arguments going on when we watch television shows. 

oh taxes lord forbid forbid lord forbid taxes goodness gracious if we would uh plan our expressways a little better that ten dollars for the bridges and the roads we'd cut that in half and give to the teachers we might have such a problem
We are in a dire situation in need for funding in the field of education.

Some Indians already resent suggestions they are descended from ancient Asians--such contentions fly in the face of their creation myths.
Most Indian creation myths claim that mankind is borne of soil and water.

Hastings, do you not see? 
Hastings always has trouble seeing the larger picture.

The lake and its islands were his inspiration for the story about the adventures of a group of children who are left to their own devices one summer in an age when innocence and security were taken for granted.
The innocence and security of the children were taken for granted.

In response to its report, issued in 1993, a number of steps were taken by the courts to assist low-income and pro se litigants.
These steps were taken to ensure that all people were being fed enough food to live.

Going deep is another.
The people go deep into the cave.

and uh but occasionally you know you'd stay in tune just long enough to get the latest different tidbit or a different angle and uh you really became addicted to it for a while
You'd view just enough to get a fresh outlook and you'd become obsessed for a bit, until the TV exploded.

Second, the Senate request asked EPA to assume a 2002 start date in running the technology and policy scenarios.
The EPA started running the policy scenarios after 2002

so do you work with TI
So are you a permanent employee at TI?

Is there any need to hurry, sir? 
He was in a rush because of a deadline.

In the last six months of 2001 LSC programs reported providing such other  Matters services to over 49,000 people 
LSC programs provided services to almost 50,000 people in six months in Tennessee.

Where does he find the funds for this endless life on trains?
The man lives on a train.

'He was a good, even great man,' I said, 'an excellent leader and an inspiration to befriend.
The way he lead the people to freedom was inspiring.

At the same time, there are at least four categories of benefits.
Each category of benefits has been selected for its stunning ability to produce immediate results.

I know you saw such horror that we cannot understand.
You saw a lot of murders.

But the White House campaign against Monica is beginning, and that's the best indicator so far that Clinton is not going to apologize.
The White House is upset with Monica and her blue dress.  

Evenings are immeasurably calmer, when the local folk venture out to reclaim the cafe and restaurants until the cool wee hours, and restore some of the charm and seduction for which Capri has been a magnet since the times of the ancient Roman emperors.
The morning and afternoon are both equally busy.

Knowledge is a violent, bright, hot thing, but you would never know that watching Moyers, says Laurence Jarvik, author of  Behind the Screen and a Moyers critic.
Laurence Jarvik is well known for Behind the Screen.

Toward the center of Michelangelo's ceiling, you'll make out the celebrated outstretched finger of man's creation, filled out by the drunkenness of Noah, the turmoil of the Flood.
Michelangelo painted the ceiling on his back while lying on a tall scaffold.

It wasn't enough though.
It was too small.

Controversy raged for years after the 1977 opening of this colorful oil refinery. 
The oil refinery was opened in 1977 to much opposition.

Near the village of Marathi you will find the ancient marble quarries that sent stone to all parts of the Greek and Roman empires.
Marble quarries were the most important resource in ancient times and this was heavily defended.

The most visible Gallic touch in this bastion of the French colonial adventure in India is the scarlet k??pi worn by the white-uniformed traffic police waving you on as you drive into town.
The white uniformed traffic police resent having to dress according to the French colonial style.

More precisely, appropriations used is recognized as an other financing source in determining the entity's operating results when the entity receives goods and services or provides benefits, grants, or other transfer payments.
The other financing source has become a catch-all umbrella of a term that leaves finance professionals uneasy.

they they get well it it depends on how you look at that because like Sweden they pay a lot in taxes but their day care is government subsidized
In Sweden, people pay very high taxes for government-subsidized day care. 

The stone was much loved by Victorian visitors, who would have their photographs taken with hands outstretched against the rock face, as if to show that they were strong enough to hold up the massive stone.
The visitors loved the stone because it was giant and shiny.

Ca'daan bowed and asked for aid.
Ca'daan bowed deeply, rose, and then after a pause requested aid.

He didn't seem like a madman.
I wasn't sure if he was crazy despite his appearance. 

for you know uh nothing i mean it was they're they still don't know what they were there for
They are not very aware.

with all the um cholesterol and and high fiber changing the way that you that you entertain
your gaining a lot of wait from consuming too much cholesterol and fiber. 

Acrosethe road from the Garden of Remembrance are the Hugh Lane Municipal Gallery of Modern Art  and the Dublin Writers Museum .
The Hugh Lane Municipal Gallery of Modern Art and the Dublin Writers Museum are boring to most young children.

They were not of one mind.
They were not thinking the same things about escaping.

what do you think about the uh Peace Corps or public service commitment
I think the Peace Corps are a good thing.

They held it for only four years, but the city was razed once again (just as Jesus had prophesied), the fortress of Masada fell, and the Jews were again taken into exile and slavery.
The Jews predicted a war would happen, and they were correct.

When the Ottomans took control in 1566, they continued to allow the population privileges unknown on other islands.
The Ottomans were a noble and rich society and civilization, if not the richest of them all.

Through the competition process, our work with state justice communities and with TIG funding, LSC helps grantees meet critical training needs.
Our work with state justice communities is helped by LSC funding of $400,000.

I didn't spend my teens being viewed by merchants and cops as a likely shoplifter.
Everyone treated me a nice kid when I was little.

they're not owning homes period
They can't afford to buy a house.

Dozens of whipmasters lay dead or dying.
Many whipmasters were bleeding out from battle.

Democracy  allegations of electoral fraud
Three million illegals allegedly voted in the election.

That's a good sentence, quite a literary flavour about it."
That sentence should go in the book.

Nobody loves a wise-ass.
No one likes a sarcastic jerk.

The eyes of the villagers filled with both fear and anger.
The villagers sat in silence, but you could see anger and fear in their eyes.

Today Runaway Bay is one of the newest and fastest developing resorts on the northern coast.
Runaway Bay resort is thriving due to the massive advertising effort.

if you give everybody what they wanted there  is a complete democracy those people wouldn't know how to react because they have no education
People need an education in order to understand politics.

I used to be a stooge for Sather Karf, before I got sick of it.
I got sick of Sather Karf.

For a fascinating look at the nuts and bolts of movie and TV production, visit the Hollywood Entertainment Museum (7021 Hollywood Blvd. ), where hi-tech interactive exhibits reveal the history of the entertainment arts.You can go on a guided tour of a mock movie studio back lot, put your own Foley sound effects into a short film, walk onto the sets of Cheers and Star Trek, have your picture taken with green-screen technology backgrounds, and see relics of early movie and TV technology.
The museum is the only one in Hollywood of its kind

That is as true today as it was in 1919.
The truth hasn't changed between 1919 and today, but next year there will be different situations.

One determines what Congress would have done by examining what it did.
Congress didn't know how to handle it so they did what they do best.

The stark realism you'll see in Caravaggio's Flagellation and the Seven Works of Mercy launched a whole Neapolitan school of Caravaggeschi displayed here.
Caravaggio painted in a very realistic style only during the early part of his career.

The film also exaggerates Flynt's martyrdom for the cause of free speech.
Free speech is the main theme of the movie.

Finally, with certain restrictions, persons who hold an undivided interest in a crop may be eligible to purchase one insurance policy covering all shares to satisfy linkage requirements, thereby not having to pay the $50 processing fee in these situations.
Such insurance policies usually cost less than twenty dollars.

Time deems the book definitive but too  Morris struggles for fairness but portrays Luce as a calculating, self-indulgent user whose fixed eye on the main chance rendered her oblivious to the concerns of others.
Luce is a cat, who is known to be very greedy.

Exactly, said Poirot dryly. 
Poirot was not happy.

Through 21 organizations, including the Veterans Health Administration and the Veterans Benefits Administration, VA ensures that veterans receive medical care, benefits, and social support.
All veterans get medical care due to VBA and VHA funding.

The Symposium has been the forum for debate and discussion of a wide range of equal justice issues, from the mission of the civil legal assistance delivery system to the design and implementation of a number of specific initiatives aimed at unifying, expanding and improving the state's equal justice community.
The Symposium discussed the civil legal assistance delivery system in 2012.

and uh of course it's a nine hundred number which that means they're going to charge you you know fifteen or twenty dollars just to make the phone call
They expect people to forget that nine hundred numbers still cost money.

Christopher is precisely the sort of mobster who turns government witness at the thought of real jail time.
Going to prison wasn't an option, even if it necessitated killing a witness.

The islands also lie close to the northern Greek mainland and the Balkans region, giving their history different influences than that of their neighbors farther south in the Aegean.
Their neighbors in the Aegean were heavily influenced by Egyptian culture.

That is to say, all the ones recently buried.
They have only been buried for a week or less.

The monument celebrates the first king of unified Italy as well as the Tomb of the Unknown Soldier with inimitable 19th-century pomposity.
The monument is the first of many dedicated to the first king of unified Italy.

um-hum let's say i'd have to say overall that the the war was was beneficia l to the United States with with the change in attitudes and all that you know all that stuff i mean it's people think better about uh the US now and that's really going to i think eventually come back and and help with overall business standards i mean people are going um take more pride in their work and things like that i think it's going to really help out overall
I'd have to say that the war helped the US because it changed our attitudes a lot.

An additional increment of education or technical training is expected to reduce the period of transitional unemployment and increase the subsequent earnings of participants.
An additional increment of education or technical training is expected to reduce the period of death.

Vestiges of the British colonial legacy can still be found, not least in the fact that English is Jamaica's official  the popularity of cricket is another example.
Cricket has been declining in popularity recently.

well uh you know even the police uh have a lot of paperwork to do uh i observed a uh i didn't actually see the accident but uh the  the aftermath of a three car accident yesterday here in Richardson and i was going into the public library and apparently the accident had just you know recently happened then but there was a policeman there policewoman there
Police spend most of their job filling out reports or reading files.

so our our import tax on them is no big deal but their their tax on us and you can't you can't do that plus they can make it cheaper because they don't pay that much
We should raise our import tax on them.

and to decide what they want to do and the Peace Corps or something like that is probably useful as as that kind of a time
I'm going to join the Peace Corps because it is useful.

Until the implementation of the State Planning Initiative, determining service areas in a given state was more a product of geographic and historical happenstance than a reasoned judgment about the precise configuration that would yield the best legal services system for the greatest number of clients.
The results of the new approach to determining service area speak for themselves as client are becoming more satisfied with them.

hum-um and being under the influence of drugs is no excuse to me
Being under the influence of drugs is not an excuse, and should make the punishment worse.

From Jijona, continue along the N-340 to Alcoy, 56 km (36 miles) from Alicante.
Alicante is a pleasant town to visit. 

Aside from the more conventional cinemas of Ibiza Town, other places that show films on the island are old-fashioned if not picturesque.
You can watch the latest films in the conventional cinemas in Ibiza Town, but the other more old-fashioned cinemas on the island show more classic films. 

The Enquirer is probably the only publication in the world to go with this Lucy Mercer hypothesis.
The Enquirer knows no other theory but the Lucy Mercer one.

This offered a more natural habitat for animals and a clearer view for visitors.
The animals detested the new habit and were stressed.

yeah i'll try that i sure will
I will probably try that next week

In a recent interview, Chief Judge Kaye noted efforts by the City Bar and by emergency consortia of large Manhattan firms to address this concern.
The city bar's efforts included making pancakes for the homeless people.

If you have a few days to explore the region, you'll find a wealth of things to see nearby.
The better things to see, however, are farther away.

The proserous Burgundy region boasts a great variety of fine wines and food; lazy days on the Canal de Bourgogne, drifting past green meadows; Romanesque architecture; tiny villages with exquisite parish churches and open-air stone laundries (lavoirs); the grand ducal palace of Dijon, and Dijon's museums.
Burgundy has seven vineyards you can visit.

and you you know you just do it that way but that's uh that's the only way that you can get to through to the system you can't store it anywhere
But there is a backdoor which offers an alternate route to the system.

Hmm, the man said in the voice of the first speaker.
The president of the company said 'hmm' and then paused briefly while giving the speak. 

I am Chris Whittle, the one true God.
Chris Whittle is my name and I may be the one true God.

Lowell Weicker, whose name was circulated as a possible Reform Party nominee.
The Reform Party hopes to influence more policy by instating people like Lowell Weicker.

At any rate that would make a row, and some one might hear it.
If people hear a row, they will be very worried.

This need is surely not new.
Nothing has been done about this need yet.

But he had no defense prepared against such an appeal.
They had expected a different outcome.

After two hours, the Futurobot breathed a sigh of relief and said tenderly:
Futurobot was relieved because his brother finally arrived home.

Nephew and heir of Julius Caesar, Octavius (Caesar Augustus), founds the Roman Empire and embarks on 200 years of peace and prosperity
Not everyone liked Caesar's nephew.

Do not try to convince them that they need us.
Don't tell us we need to protect them.

Continued debt reduction and entitlement reforms are both critical to promoting a more sustainable budget and economy for the long term.
It is crucial that a sustainable budget and economy are implemented now before things get even worse.

Was I to report who came or went? 
Was I wrong to discuss their coming or leaving?

(You can search for political listservs at L-Soft . Please tell us if you find a great one.)
L-soft is useful for finding political listservs.

He caught at the solid backing and somehow remained upright, seeing hazily through one eye.
He could only see through one eye because his other was injured in a fight.

and they have to be in charge and and i think i think they lose a lot by what i call neutering their husbands
The society is headed for a downfall within the town if they keep  neutering their husbands.

The nine chapters present audit guidance 
These nine chapters are the final chapters on audit guidance

Beneath the weary manner of the one and the professional reserve of the other, lay the same quality of mind, keen-edged like a rapier.
This made them an unbeatable team.

Presumably his place was taken by another juror who really believes that the police arrest people completely at random.)
The new judge was certain that the police was taking people because they were racist

In the Thress model, at the discount level of 8a and the net gain of $32 million, the basic market incurs a welfare loss of $480 million (0.
The basic market will experience a tough year.

Simple majority voting, for example, notoriously violates the no-flip-flop criterion.
There are many types of voting systems.

The regulation of these emissions became necessary under section 213(a)(3) of the Clean Air Act, as amended, when EPA found that these nonroad engines were significant contributors to ozone or carbon monoxide concentrations in more than one nonattainment area.
There are likely to be more emission regulations needed if section 213(a)(3) of the Clean Air Act isn't quite enough.

I can read.
I have had enough education that I am able to understand the printed word.

yeah i mean i've liked them ever since the season that they won the Super Bowl last i think it was eighty four i think it was
I pulled for them during the Super Bowl in 1984.

But on reflection he dismissed the idea.
At first he thought the idea was excellent. 

The researchers found that turning to someone for even modest help (like minding a child for an hour) had the cost of later demands for a return of the favor and that this cost was nearly intolerable.
The researchers found asking for help brought demands in the future, which the women regretted.

He has so much experience and, as shown by the last interview, there are a lot of us out there who could benefit from it.
He has a lot of experience teaching students with learning disabilities. 

No, he must ride a tighter rein on his imagination.
He was letting his imagination get the better of him.

okay what do you like to cook
What do you like to cook the most?

well i think we're about done okay uh good bye you take care bye
I have a number of things that I'm focusing on.

And Drew had to thank that system for having taken Johnny Shannon away from the Stronghold before the Kentuckian arrived.
Drew knew that the Kentuckian was getting close.

By the old Mexican law the hunting season for horses runs from October to March.
The most horses are captured during the final weeks of March.

There are many diving schools, all of which dive from Coral Beach.
All diving schools start from Coral Beach and return to Coral Beach.

nice talking to you Jay hm have a good life uh
Jay, it has been a special pleasure chatting with you.

yeah i think that's what it was but uh he he'd rather go and ride on the rides you know they had airplanes that go up and down and stuff and
The airplanes are the best ride.

Louis XIV, the Sun King, was quite simply a megalomaniac, but he also had extraordinary vision.
Louis XIV, was called the Sun King, and brought prosperity to France through his ideas on commerce and trade.

(Head to the page to see what they mean.)
The page contains helpful information

and uh it it's a little it's a little disappointing sometimes that you start to realize what you're breathing
It's discouraging to know that you're breathing toxic fumes.

That will give those neighbors--yes, even Tony Blair--plenty of reason to hesitate before forming a closer European Union.
There are reasons not to form a closer European Union because it will not be beneficial more most.

Slate --is a laureate who does not rest on his laurels, a Stakhanovite among poets.
He is not known for staying in one place.

i would i just think i should would like to go to my own hospital where my doctor is rather than have to go to a hospital on a list that's the only thing i have against it
I'd much rather go to the local hospital I've gone to for the past 20 years, than forced to go to a random one on a list. 

Would not Mrs. Inglethorp have preferred to go unavenged rather than have such terrible dishonour fall upon the name of Cavendish. 
She was a noble woman, one of a kind indeed.

that's probably something i need to see right now because i'm taking history in school  so it'd probably be a good thing for me to see
I'm interested in seeing it.

The Commission's procedural rules governing proposed changes in the mail classification schedule are contained in Subpart C of title 39 of the Code of Federal Regulations.
Subpart C of title 39 is the longest part of the Code of Federal Regulations.

How do things look to you? asked the older man.
The older man wondered how people thought the village looked.

and you know i think that's uh just a a kind of an indication the paperwork the the amount of information that the government wants even about a traffic accident you know is so much that uh
Government bureaucracy gets in the way of insurance claims.

Presently, when we are calmer, we will arrange the facts, neatly, each in his proper place. 
You can't solve anything angry. 

Visitors should be wary of incoming tides, which can move very fast.
The visitors should be prepared of the tides which always move fast.

Overhead the marred sky shone in crazy quilt patterns.
The sky looked that way because he had eaten some purple mushrooms he found in the woods.

Luxurious yet laid-back, with a slightly wicked reputation, on a sought-after stretch of the beach.
There will be volleyball games every 3pm on the beach.

Democrats should turn out smartly in New York City, helping Chuck Schumer unseat Sen.
Democrats are a majority in New York City.

and they just don't team seem to tend as much to them as their parents did does that make sense
It seems like the new generation doesn't care about tending the area.

I'm known as Mr. Carter here.
When here at work I am known as Mr Carter.

But, a priori, neither can anyone else.
A priori, neither can anyone else in Boston.

Other agencies either had no such electronic dockets or their systems were not as comprehensive or sophisticated as DOT's system.
Other agencies didn't have systems as good as DOT's at tracking staffing decisions.

His cruel streak extended to the woman he married, a beautiful physics student named Alicia who was awed by this genius with a penis.
His wife, Alicia, was in awe of his penis. 

plus also i i'm sure that there's a legitimate reason for it but i don't understand uh personally why you have to register as a Democrat or Republican or whatever and then being being able only to vote in that that race that primary
It seems to me that you should be able to vote regardless of party affiliation.

Farmworkers in southwest Florida earn an average of $6,500 to $7,000 per year.
Five years before last, farmers in southern Florida were earning an average of $30,000.

That is, so long as they don't know that we've got Jane Finn, and that her memory has returned.
She blacked out after drinking heavily.

But as I sat alone in my bed, reading over all those great stories of all those great men, I couldn't help wonder...what were they like? How did they live? How close were they to the legends they inspired? The Founders- they had a whole mountain carved out in their image.
I sat alone in my bed at my parent's house and wondered about the people in the stories.

In addition, requiring the same level of reduction at a
The same level of reduction is a desirable result

The back half of the train was filled with private cabins- theoretically for the richer crowd.
The train had private cabins in the back that could be rented by the hour. 

uh band she got you know five hundred dollars at a at a clip through bands through leadership uh there's all kinds of civic organizations organizations that will give you you know one shot money uh you get a president's award if you're you're in in high school doing certain this up area in Arlington uh there's a lot of and of course you if you you score high on the SAT you can get you know two thousand a year you know or more
the government gives scholarships to students who do well on the SAT

The President's proposal for the new department indicates that DHS, in addition to its homeland security responsibilities, will also be responsible for carrying out all other functions of the agencies and programs that are transferred to it.
The DHS is the Department of Homeland Security.

each one of those sectors has got a Soviet general over the troops that are there so far they hadn't run into the real psychos yet there's probably five or six which would be an equivalent of our joint chiefs of staffs that are in positions over some of these Soviet states if uprisings happen happen in their sectors it is it's going to be a total blood bath
Every sector has a Soviet general over the troops who keeps everyone in line and gives us directions.

The answer is that they are interrelated and interdependent.
Tourism and business are related and dependent on each other.

Gangsta rap is blamed for feeding the kids' rage.
Newspapers like NYT and The Huffington Post blame gangsta rap for feeding young teens' rage to society.

For those who look for solitude, there are still quiet islands to be explored, off the beaten track.
Almost any island can be reached by hiring a private boat

Who told you that, my friend?"
"My friend, did she tell you that?"

and enjoy watching my savings account get larger and uh you know hang on to the one i've got for a few years because it's it's it's almost four years old but it's still in great shape i have a Mazda RX7
I don't think I will be buying a new car any time soon.

After years of being hounded by paparazzi , the Kennedys and their guests reportedly exulted in their escape.
The Kennedys exulted in the escape of paparazzi, said the history teacher.

As political accusations against Starr and the right have escalated, the press has devoted a greater share of its scandal coverage to questioning the methods and motives of those who gathered the evidence against Clinton.
The press has devoted a greater share of its scandal coverage to questioning the motives of those who gathered evidence against Clinton in an effort to please the right.

often times i've gone into nursing homes where you know they have like a central area where they take the people to and all you do is to just sort of sit there like
Most of the residents watch TV all day.

so uh that's where i learned about
I learned about music at that college.

It was also without weight when in liquid form--a fact he discovered when it began rising through the air and spattering over everything, including his bare skin.
In liquid for the beverage was without weight.

oh yeah well you have to see them more than that i i i still catch things in Airplane that i didn't catch
To catch, or not to catch, that is the question.

that could well be i i uh spent my junior year uh and sophomore and junior year in in college when i a song by the uh uh i think the title of it was just Downtown uh and if you recall how it goes downtown da dah dah dah
I like the song Downtown in my high school years. 

And, if you unexpectedly can't reduce emissions as much as planned, you have the flexibility to go out and buy more allowances in the market - all without any government interference, and without undermining air quality.
Emission allowances help businesses reach their emission cap goals with ease, eliminating needless bureaucracy.

Gone are her neurotic mannerisms.
Her quirks all disappeared when she got some confidence.

It is a wide arc of sand, shallow and sheltered.
The arc of sand is pristine and safe, shallower than it looks as well.

General Accounting Office, Managing for  Emerging Benefits From Selected Agencies' Use of Performance Agreements, GAO-01-115(Washington, D.C.: Oct. 30, 2000).
Emerging Benefits Managing from two Selected Agencies Use of Performance Agreements

On the upper floors (once the royal chambers) there is an exhibition telling the story of the royal regalia.
The upper floors have an exhibit about the ships and the route they took.

Therefore, the amount of cash inflow equal to book value is not recognized as a revenue, a gain, or an other financing source.
Cash inflows are only counted as gains after all debts are paid.

The gallery on the upper floor boasts a collection of some the best art and crafts in Jamaica.
The gallery on the upper floor is most popular with tourists. 

oh no  i never thought about that i i had some questions for the for the the nurse who was uh conducting the test in the health center though
The nurse should have told me.

uh survive it and child
It's worth it for the benefit of yourself and of your child. 

Ca'daan kept his eyes down and he was aware that others did the same.
Ca'daan and the others stared at the ground.

In one of the spacious rooms off the garden is a statue of a shockingly drunken Hercules, alleged founder of the ancient town.
The room that houses the Hercules statue also has several elegantly carved fountains in it.

I should consider it very unlikely. 
Everyone knows that it wouldn't happen like that.

In the midst of the predominantly Germanic old city center, the Ceteau des Rohan, the classical 18th-century residence that was the home of Strasbourg's princes and cardinals, makes an emphatically French statement.
The Ceteau des Rohan is the only French-style building in Strasbourg.

Playing my part had become second nature to me.
I really connected with my character.

The CityHall complex was architect Tange Kenzo's magnum opus, arguably the last great work of his career.
Tange Kenzo was a very famous architect but lost his touch as he got older and fell into obscurity. 

By the 15th century, the whole of Anatolia and Thrace, except for Constantinople, was under the control of these Osmanli (or Ottoman) Turks.
Ottomans controlled the majority of Greek provinces in the 15th century.

The longest-lasting drug, medroxyprogesterone, still must be given weekly.
Medroxyprogesterone is given weekly to patient who are suffering from severe illnesses.

i took a couple of semesters of graduate school there myself
I got my masters at that school.

Just like the editors of Slate ourselves.
Just like editors of Slate as well as the writers on staff at Slate.

Madrid is the next rung down from heaven, so the boastful local saying goes, and the city's residents claim their superiority in other terms.
The residents have an interesting local saying.

uh let's see what's the word they have fun without doing the drinking and all that
It's nice to sometimes remember what you did to have fun.

well that's wonderful uh-huh
It started out not so good, but turned out really great.

A number of witnesses before the Commission testified regarding the importance of enforcing these rights to accomplish the core purposes of the H-2A statute.
One of the witnesses before the Commission was of native origin.

This manmade artery linking the Mediterranean with the Red Sea and the Indian Ocean, allowed a much quicker journey time from Europe to the Middle East, India, and the Far East when it was opened in 1869, a great aid to the Western European powers in managing their expansive Empires.
Ships can go very quickly through the new passage.

For a moment he caught a look of terror in her eyes.
She was afraid of what was going on.

It's a flippant comparison, to be sure, but it's one that illuminates the reasons why gambling has not been an economic panacea for other parts of the country, parts where the New Deal actually had an impact, for example.
Some parts of the country benefited economically from gambling.

RealAudio has not yet perfected sound recordings from beyond the grave, so poems by dead poets will be read by Pinsky himself rather than by the author.
Sound recordings are not good enough.

The cover story asserts that Dan Quayle is a seasoned, ideologically consistent, genuinely religious candidate who could restitch the Reagan coalition of economic and social conservatives.
The impact of Dan Quayle's candidature inspired the people.

 He started to brush it aside, but Nema's hand restrained him.
Nema wanted to do it herself.

He is twice the unarmed fighter I am with twice the strength.
He is much stronger than everyone, including me.

An evil drill sergeant woke up in Edward.
The drill sergeant is from Edward.

Privilege is above and beyond the normal.
Privilege is not the normal ever.

well i'm i guess i don't have such such close experience with with um an area becoming a state as you do um my concern is the economy because as i understand it Puerto Rico has a very low standard uh standard of living or at least um annual average income um part of this i suppose is justified in in in that the climate they don't need perhaps the heating and the housing that some of the the more northern territories need however in that case i guess i would favor status quo i have been to Puerto Rico and and found it very very interesting i did Peace Corps training there
Some houses need heating in the Northern territories.

Third Street, between La Cienega and Crescent Heights, is the Melrosealternative, with a more authentically funky atmosphere, along with antiques, clothing, shoe, and gift stores.
Third street features funky but affordable stores which is why it's often referred to as the Melrose alternative.

well the the trick is to stop frequently and let the kids get out and run
The kids need frequent exercise.

To come to the point, can we have a word with you in private? asked Sir James.
Sir James asked of the woman to have a word with him in private.

The country's top business schools are discovering new targets for their venture capital  their own alumni.
They have a lot of alumni interested.

Since Hong Kong is a duty-free port and charges no sales tax, goods are cheaper here than in the country where they were made.
Some people outside of Hong Kong are frustrated that goods are more expensive for them to buy.

Exit strategy became a fashionable term during the Gulf War.
Exit strategy became popular because the public support for the Gulf War began to drop.

any of your Christmas presents were packed in put them in this bag and leave it out with your recycling and we'll uh take all of those back and try to recycle them
You should recycle the wrapping paper you used for Christmas presents.

For a comprehensive listing of available hotels and motels, call the Las Vegas Convention and Visitors Authority (see Accommodations on page 109).
There is also a list of casinos on page 109. 

If you want to spend some time independently of your children, most large hotels have good akids' clubs' where the days are filled with fun activities.
Usually the clubs will take any kid 6 months or older.

i mean there are so many just major major serial murders and it's not just like one instance or something it's just uh horrifying some of the murders that go on
Some murders are horrifying but some are surprisingly innocuous. 

Primary procurement responsibility now rests directly with federal agencies.
The federal agencies have that responsibility because the IRS can no longer handle it.

Amateur psychologists may enjoy it as a sort of high-level Nintendo game of bombarding sexual neuroses.
Amateur psychologists really enjoy making sexual neuroses. 

Whittington didn't come out again, and by and by I got kind of restive, and began to mouch around.
Whittington should have come out to greet me.  

What should there be? Then catching sight of Dorcas, the parlourmaid, going into the dining-room, she called to her to bring some stamps into the boudoir. 
The parlourmaid Dorcas was caught sight of going into the dining room for a snack, then called to bring some vintage stamps into the boudoir. 

It is part of a line of products intended to be usable by people with arthritis or hand injuries, as well as by those without disabilities.
It's part of a product line intended to be used by people with limited use of their hands, developed to fill a niche in the market no other firm is working for.

Exploring this valley that shelters the earliest signs of European civilization is by no means a dry and dusty archaeological tour of fossils and bones.
Exploring this valley is different than the archaeological tours because it is so lush and wet.

The moment seemed to freeze.
The moment was frozen by the entrance of the demon.

The Merchant might have had less luck, even, than that.
Things could only get better from here.

IRS's Senior Executive Performance Plans37 Performance Elements37 Performance Standards for Elements38 Performance Standards for Summary Ratings39
The IRS is hoping to vastly improve the performance of its senior executives.

Most famously, Alec was arrested--and later acquitted--for allegedly punching a paparazzo and spraying shaving cream on the photographer's car windows.
The paparazzo Alec hit had called him a weeny.

As a result, human subjects committees have been under intense scrutiny.
The scrutiny the committees endure is intense.

But Wall Street would be better off remembering that approximately 12,000 auto companies were around in the early part of this century.
The auto companies were an integral part of financing Wall Street.

no there's not going to be any room shortly
Within the next hour there will not be room.

The record was reopened on November 7, 1995.
The reopening was due to new facts in the case.

Through 1905, Helen Stewart expanded the ranch to 2000 acres (810 hectares), making quite a bit of money in the process.
Eventually the ranch grew to its current size of 3000 acres.

Of course you realize that, now Mr. Inglethorp is out of it, the whole position is greatly changed. 
Mr. Inglethorp was a crucial part of the position.

5) Upon such a request, the VP for Programs will convene a face-to-face meeting with the authorized representatives of the DSPB.
DSPB has responsive representatives.

and to actually sit so it's really nice to see that
I would look at it all day.

Begin at Damascus Gate ( Bab el-Amud; Shaar Shechem) in the Old Citys northern wall, the most impressive of all of Jerusalem's gates and the work of Suleiman the Magnificent's 16th-century masons and builders.
There are a lot of gates coming into Jerusalem.

 His choice, in the long run, seemed to lie between Bork and the Satheri, unless he could find some way of hiding himself from both sides.
He had to choose the lesser of two evils.

The CIO states, aIf you donat have a lot of money to spend, you have to ask yourself, what are the little things you can do to show your appreciation.
A good way one can show their appreciation is to volunteer. 

um yeah it it it's a strange looking cat uh i didn't like them at first they've got great big ears
It's a strange looking cat that is actually a tiger.

Prudie is all for romance (she doesn't even mind it in the office), but when it complicates the lives of co-workers something needs to be done.
She decided to forward her concerns to the Human Resources department.

This restriction reinforces the notion of the imperial family as living descendents and representatives of the gods despite the emperor's renunciation of divinity announced as one of the terms of surrender at the end of World War II (when some people literally fainted upon hearing the emperor's voice on the radio for the first time).
The emperor was so important to them, that they fainted when they heard him.

Some Rajput princes pursued an independent line.
Only the most masculine princes would pursue independent lines.

the household chores and duties and what has to be done so i think over a couple of generations time it will all change because it's really been uh my generation
He was approaching an elderly age and had time to reflect on his lifetime of observations.

Making this case won't be easy, but it's unavoidable.
It will be next to impossible to make this case.

All governments are having problems with finances, Boone Mayor George Maybee said. 
The government is passing a strict budget.

.. will galvanize our efforts to find permanent civil legal service funding streams, and I am confident that it will make significant headway in this important area of public interest.
A few organizations have shown interest in funding our civil legal service.

It seems no one can stand this, and whenever we encounter friends or relatives, they invariably ask personal questions to try to get each of us to speak ill of the other.
Some family members enjoy prodding into their relative's lives.

you know if somebody's hungry
you understand if someone is in the mood for pizza

Self-contradiction
The person contradicted himself over his stance on education.

 The funding restriction violates the First Amendment.
Funding restrictions are plentiful 

hm  so i guess we've kind of neglected Latin America
The drug trade there is still quite strong.

Backed by Pakistan, Pathan tribesmen invaded Kashmir in 1947 to force the issue, but were soon repulsed by Indian troops flown in when the maharaja hastily acceded to India.
The Pathans invaded Kashmir with 10,000 soldiers.

Dexfenfluramine (tradenamed Redux), a cousin of fenfluramine, was just released.
Redux is a drug that helps men grow more hair.

uh and we were sequestered but the makeup of the jury uh was truly a cross section of uh you might say a cross section of a country there was one other person besides myself we were the only ones that had ever been to college hm one was a former student of mine a few years before who was out of work
One person was a former student of mine.

Completely open to all people.
Open to all people of despite gender.

This Final Report and Order is subject to the Act since the Commission requires licensees to complete and file a form FCC 159 with the payment of their annual fee.
The Commission requires an annual payment of $50 to submit a report.

Increasingly, grantees are using targeted outreach methods rather than shotgun approaches like general media advertising.
There is a number of methods to have outreach.

From the Saint-Pierre bridge, there is a lovely view of its flowery river banks, weeping willows, and timbered houses, with the tower of Saint Martin's church in the distance.
The Saint-Pierre Bridge is within walking distance of Saint Martin's church. 

I might take it from you right now.
Maybe I'll take your sword away. 

Course maybe he ain't used t' runnin' out here whar th' ground ain't made all nice an' easy fur his feet.
The war ground is not easy on a person's feet because it was strewn with rocks.

How many were left?
I asked if there were more than twenty left.

We'vecreated amoreeffective Engagement Acceptance and Review Meeting process to help senior management direct and oversee work assignments.
Our company would have gone bankrupt without a new system being created.

yeah too many chiefs and not enough Indians
There should be twice as many Indians. 

Take this small road, which climbs up through wooded hillsides; about a kilometer (1.2 mile) from the main road is Ashness Bridge, a tiny stone bridge spanning a modest little beck.
The bridge, though maintained regularly, was built almost a hundred years ago. 

The eastern area of Jamaica is the most tropical and (according to many) most beautiful part of the island.
Because it's considered most beautiful by many, the eastern area of Jamaica is the most popular.

8 billion, and Stop &amp; Shop to a Dutch company for a profit of $1.
Stop & Shop is not a dutch company. 

it may be my phone um anyway it's the only car that says you know sporty and class uh so
My phone may be the reason it looks wrong.

But there might be a good economic reason why we're stymied.
Many economists believe they have the solution.

They make mistakes.
They rare ever make mistakes on average, however.

A national probability sample of households.
They picked 40 houses for their sample.

With this retrospective, the newspaper photographer Arthur Fellig a k a Weegee (1899-1968) is judged a technical virtuoso, a great artist, and an inspiration to his followers.
Arthur Fellig began his career in the 1920s.

David Lubitz of D.C.'s Swidler Berlin Shereff Friedman, challenged an Annapolis, Md., ordinance allowing the police to eject people from designated drug loitering-free zones.
Lubitz was not happy with the situation.

yeah and and that requires some that would be at the federal level and require some waiting period presumably uh during that waiting period there would be a background uh uh check that would take place
Federal background checks would be great.

So I immediately called Legal Services and their attorney made an appointment with her, worked her in that afternoon.
The attorney wore blue shoes to the meeting.

If you want to declare my establishment out of bounds for your men, that is also your privilege."
It was his privilege to make the choice regarding his men because he was their leader.

There has been a great deal of controversy and significant development of both theoretical and empirical knowledge about how to conduct CV surveys in the past decade.
There is no controversy over knowledge of CV surveys twenty years ago.  

right right not just overhead
There are production costs in addition to overhead.

For many years after the war, the government and people of Japan made no real effort to understand the wrenching experience of war and the anguish of those in other countries, it said.
Japan's people don't care about the well-being of others.

uh larger plants up around up around one twenty eight  um we've got reports that uh during the night too like they blow off their their stacks from uh the
Larger plants are found only around twenty eight.

Since there is disputation about what exactly got said, and your bet was with a friend, Prudie suggests the two of you go out to lunch--Dutch--and devote some of the luncheon conversation to the sad and shabby affair.
The dispute was about a casino bet. 

and they were paying him a lot of money so Walsh yeah Walsh didn't have that much uh well as you probably guessed i'm a Cowboy fan uh more or less
I have been a Cowboys fan since high school.

It gets worse.
I gets more painful.

In general, members were reluctant to share information due to concerns that an inadvertent release of this type of information could damage reputations; lower customer confidence; provide an advantage to competitors; and possibly negatively affect members' businesses and lead to punitive measures against an individual member or a member organization.
Members were asked three times to provide the information.

Although we know of no studies assessing clinical practices regarding alcohol problems in emergency departments, a survey of 1,055 emergency medicine physicians by Chang and colleagues found that most physicians favored testing and reporting injured, alcohol-impaired drivers.
We don't know of any studies that show that alcoholics in the ER are not treated correctly.

In outline, The Limey is a lean little B-movie revenge melodrama about a felonious Brit (Terence Stamp) who's newly sprung from prison and flies to Southern California to get to the bottom of his beautiful daughter's  My name's Wilson ...
The Limey is widely received as one of the better B-movies of the year. 

The data collected in the third phase are not specified before the first  they emerge, often with surprises, from the initial observations.
The data collected in the third phase is the most telling and most significant part of the process.

The good  New drugs and treatments make it easy to live with asthma.
Asthma is a terrible and like threatening disease. 

yeah really  so we're footing the bill on our taxes
The bill on our taxes is very huge.

Time 's cover story explains how popular serotonin-boosting drugs (such as diet pills Redux and fen-phen) work, and how they can be health risks (high serotonin levels damage heart valves).
Popular serotonin-boosting drugs can be health risks, but also worthwhile, according to Time's.

To haggle successfully, pitch your opening price well below target and don't look too keen.
Merchants take advantage of anxious customers, selling an item for a higher price.

(And by we, I of course mean, me, George Orwell, and the gang up at Chiatt Day.)
When I say we, it's important to realize how obvious it is that George Orwell is included.

well there's your another call well i think we had a good call and so okay have a good day bye
Bye and talk to you again soon.

Everyone wonders how Congress will react.
Everyone wonders what Congress will do about the conflict.

Inspector Japp, C.I.D. Scotland Yard again.
Inspector Japp has always been connected to Scotland Yard.

That he'll try to take over runnin' the town?"
He's a vicious man who knows the town like the back of his hand.

but they did they made the raid you know and the whole town was upset but i'm not so sure now if if uh if the drugs are really prevalent they're saying that alcohol now is is uh one of the major contributors
They had the police patrolling the whole town during the raid.

well well the mini the you'd be surprised if if you drive a one of the the mini vans uh fact there all more or less alike the the uh Chevrolet and uh well of course Oldsmo bile has got one and Chryslers got one but they drive remarkably like cars
every major producer of vehicles has put out a minivan by this point

14 The labor required to install an absorber vessel and ductwork is a major portion of the system installation man-hours.
Installing an absorber vessel and ductwork requires more workers than any other part of system installation.

But he felt somewhat better in it.
He kind of liked it to be honest. 

He passed on to the subject of the note. 
The next item on his agenda was the subject of the note.

Forget Tuppence? 
Forget about Tuppance going to school?

Some are adaptations of those of the French plantation masters.
Their relationship is typically more civilized now.

As with Social Security, Medicare spending will swell as the elderly population increases.
The elderly each cost around $1,200 to insure each year.

The spot is interesting also because of its topographical personality.
The area has anthropomorphic features.

If he goes bananas because the kids are laughing too loud, and your 4-year-old is suggesting shipping him off, you have a real problem, one for which Prudie doubts that parking Dad at a Holiday Inn is the answer.
Dad would really enjoy a stay at the Holiday Inn.  

The district will sell only water as of July 1, at a monthly price of $43.
Water will be sold by the district at a monthly price of $43 monthly, but people don't agree with that price.

well i hope it all works out
I hope it all works out in your favor and you win the case

First Class and Standard A, and if the fundamental distinction between the two was service, one would expect a moderate rate difference based on a real service difference.
There are many differences between First Class and Standard A.

I really do not think we need trouble you further on that point. 
You gave us all the info we need.

One  Glenn will be so exhausted from the flight that he'll have to be carried off the shuttle on a stretcher.
Many people on the flight were also exhausted.

They beat me.
He beat me in the game.

including the classes of small entities subject to the rule and alternatives considered to reduce the burden on the small entities.
The alternatives sought to reduce the financial strain on the small entities.

The rest of the country had endured Vietnam and Watergate, but New York had its own little  bankruptcy and physical collapse.
New York couldn't focus on Vietnam and Watergate because they were having problems with bankruptcy.

I was very comfortable where I was. 
I was quite complacent in my current location, despite the somewhat dusty surroundings.

Free access to holy sites for members of all religions was guaranteed by the armistice agreements.
The armistice also allowed for territorial disputes.

system; and (e) Federal law effectively coerces states to participate in the system, with participation requiring them to levy the state unemployment tax and deposit the collections in the U.S.
The federal Government has been working on this law since 1985.

And what has made Intel such a stable company over the past decade has been Grove's ability to plan for change and adapt to it while holding the overall framework steady.
As well as being a solid performer, Intel has also been named one of the best companies to work for.

The theater presents sky shows and IMAX films.
The theater has one of the only full-size IMAX screens in Southeast Asia.

The case study report can provide an organizing framework for thinking about these and other experiences.
The case study report can be used to document many other things.

In addition to its direct spending, the federal government offers tax incentives to encourage nonfederal saving and investment.
The federal government lowers the lump sum taxes as an example of promoting nonfederal saving and investment. 

Originally, the festival invoked the help of the gods against a plague in medieval Kyoto; highly commercialized imitations of it are now celebrated all over the country.
The festival is an important part of the country's culture.

because they have got some of these like the leather jackets are are quite expensive
The leather jackets are expensive.

Encourage home ownership
Home ownership should be encouraged because it will improve the economy.

It stocks books in English, French, and German (as well as Portuguese).
It has books in different languages available for translation.

Thanks to computers, however, investment banks now offer a vast array of financial instruments, and hedging has become much easier.
Investment banks have been experimenting with a new computer system to make hedging even easier.

In the Times poll, 65 percent said Clinton should complete his term rather than resign.
Clinton did finish his term.

that's right that's right your baby's still alive with hundred and three  so yeah it's going to take a changing lot of our old prejudices and you know just
A 103 fever is safe.

are you being smart or are you serious
Did you think that was funny?

According to biblical accounts, Jesus spent his life ministering in the Galilee Valley.
Jesus did not travel outside of the Galilee Valley to minister and would not reach people outside of that.

LSC also launched companion initiatives-the quality initiative, the diversity initiative, technology initiative grants, to name just a few -that worked hand-in-glove with state planning to promote the development of high-quality delivery systems.
While many initiatives were launched, there is a chance that all of them will not work.

to learn there is gambling at the Weekly Standard .
Gambling is forbidden at the weekly standard. 

and it was twenty eight twenty nine degrees we were out in this silly tent with regular little sleeping bags not knowing any better and here it went and it froze and it snowed on us we did not know what to do about it
It was cold but we handled it.

In commenting on a draft of this report, the participants of our study
Participants were thrilled to be a part of the study and wanted to leave comments.

Options reducing initial benefits or raising the retirement age take time to implement or phase in, allowing time for people to adjust their retirement plans.
These changes should take at least 5 years to implement.

um nothing comes to mind right off so i guess not
I guess not, I've been thinking for 10 minutes and nothing comes to my mind

'Of course he will.
It was obvious that he would.

 Jon looked to Adrin who cleaned his guns the way Jon had shown him.
Adrin had two big pistols that he cleaned.

Through support for legal aid we can make sure we are not closing courthouse doors on anybody, Balmer told about 20 lawyers, judicial and legislative leaders during the open house.
They were trying to get them to volunteer their services.

Pro-choicers defend the right to abortion as an extension of the civil rights granted to blacks and women.
Aspects of the civil rights movement are mirrored in the pro-choice movement.

While Byzantine land was being divided, there was no one in control of the seas, so pirates raided towns on many of the islands.
Pirates contributed toward the war efforts in order to ensure instability in the region.

The Passive Woman deserves a little more of our support.
This woman needs more support. 

Speak! he cried menacingly. 
Speak! he yelled with a dangerous tone.

Analysis is infused throughout the research process in case studies
Case studies without analysis are not substantial.

For instance, Colorado school administrators like to brag that their state's average SAT score is the highest in the country.
Colorado has a great educational system which leads to its students having the highest SAT scores in the country.

South of the Roman Forum, a slope leads up to the Palatine Hill, Rome's legendary birthplace and today a romantic garden, dotted with toppled columns among the wild flowers and spiny acanthus shrubs.
After ancient Rome was destroyed, Romans decided to build a garden at Palatine Hill.

From here there is a fine view of the blue-and-whitewashed city.
From another perspective, you can observe of the blue and whitewashed city from a fantastic scenic picture.

For example in figure 4.1, although federal government saving increased as a share of GDP by 5.5 percentage points from 1990 to 2000, net national saving increased by only 1.1 percentage points because private saving as a share of GDP decreased by 4.9 percentage points over the same period.
While net numbers look encouraging to the uninitiated, private savings figures tell a bleaker story.

I decided I'd just got to risk that, and I started.
I decided I just had to risk my life, and I started

It's as if the poor will be victimized twice-once for being poor and again as victims of these funding cuts.
The poor were disheartened from the funding cuts.

Any state that implements online voting may also have to contend with legal issues of representation.
States that implement online voting will have to fight against voter fraud to a much higher degree.

i i i just don't see any problems with it i think it's just uh obstinate Americanism
I think we should just stop being stubborn and adopt the metric system.

I shall succeed in the other.
I may fail in the former, but I anticipate succeeding in the other. 

well i really enjoy reading the newspaper we get the daily and Dallas Morning News and i try to look at it if i get busy  i don't get a chance to pick it up like this week i noticed several copies have been untouched haven't been touched but uh
I tried to read the daily paper and the Dallas Morning News but sometimes I am too busy so I just throw them out.

The town square could be a stage Two- and three-story white stucco houses with wooden arcades surround an irregular, but vaguely oval plaza.
The plaza is beautiful

oh okay well then i don't know how much you've been through it but um i think parts of it made a lot easier and i've talked to a lot of ladies that exercise with one pregnancy and didn't with the other and they said that they'd exercise the one that had exercised was three or four times easier and
Most of the ladies I talked to said they walked during their pregnancies.

Can a similar argument apply to the voting example?
It would be easy to apply that argument to voting.

uh-huh that's right car batteries
Yeah, the new solar car batteries they put in those fancy hybrid cars.

No, this is the place for me.
This is the location for me and where I will stay.

it has been determined that there are insufficient federalism implications to warrant to the preparation of a Federalism Assessment.
The warrant isn't needed. 

There is an intriguing ambiguity to the half-naked peasant youth posing as a Bacchus for Caravaggio (1589), but nothing complicated about the robust sexiness of the Rubens Bacchanale.
Rubens painted the Bacchanale a year after Caravaggio's Bacchus.

In Kushinagar, between Bodh Gaya and his birthplace, he died at age 80 of dysentery, it is said, from eating pork.
His body was buried at his birthplace. 

People who are attractively slim do not talk about the ugliness of obesity in the presence of people who are grossly overweight.
Some skinny people are rude to over weight ones.

At any rate, she decided, it would do no harm just to go and LOOK at the building.
She wasn't worried about getting mugged if they just look at the building. 

From 1320, until it was closed by Henry VIII, St. Patrick's was the seat of Ireland's first university.
Henry VIII shut down the university because of rampant cheating. 

right and they are controlled or pretty much do what they want to do
They have to obey the orders of their lobbyists in order to get into office.

it just it just went crazy this last year everything sold absolutely everything i mean we had someone come knock on our door the other day and offer us a price which i thought was absolutely ridiculous for our home the problem is there's nothing else to buy
The other day, someone offered us three hundred thousand for our home.

well that's true but you know i'm a single parent trying to raise a child and it really upsets me not to be paid you know the same for my job now i don't see that so much in my job but i know in other professions um i know that it's true i know you know friends of mine that are affected by that and uh just you know it's just not fair
I'm a single parent and it's hard to raise a child by myself.

up on the tidal bulge into a storm'sbarometric low,
The tidal bulge was too low pressure to easily breathe.

They ensured that the interests of Jamaica, or at least their own interests on the island, were always at the forefront of decisions made in London.
Jamaica wanted more influence in London.

and i mean i have some of the most beautiful day lilies that you've ever seen so when we decided to move it was really funny because like i said i had a whole bunch of different kinds of things and i kept saying well i want to take a few of these and i want to take these and i want to take these
I grew 100 lily plans.

Guangzhou is famous for its food.
Its chefs and cooks help make Guangzhou famous.

Dust covered their bodies and faces.
They were covered in white powder.

On its way, it clipped a shiny skyscraper; I had to wince.
The object bounced back a bit after making contact with the skyscraper but regained control.

This estimate is based on 26 studies of the value of mortal risks.
This estimate is the only measure of its kind since this is still a fairly new subject.

Auditors should obtain an understanding of the program to be audited to help assess, among other matters, the significance of possible audit objectives and the feasibility of achieving them.
Auditors should understand the program well so they know how to assess the progress.

It is only in old age that change is unwelcome, said the Astronomer, "and races can be old as well as individuals."  
Being old makes people want to stay constant.

(Invitations he does not have time to  I have a job, he says.)
He is lying about his job, he's been unemployed for years.

Plus, it gives Duvall a splendid platform for impish understatement.
The platform was supported by voters.

, the Globe and Mail lamented the state of Canada's road system.
Both the Globe and Mail wrote articles about the current state of despair in the Canadian road system, but neither could find a resolution to the problem.

Sure that's a pity for you, said Julius cheerfully.
Julius didn't pity them even a little.

and i said like yeah well unless you're selling car with hail damage and flood damage  i got the car off your lot for that price
There was no damage to the car

Such hearings will further underscore for agencies the importance that Congress places on creating high-performing government organizations.
Many hearings are held every year to discuss finances and the future of many organizations, and stresses the importance of the creation of government organizations.

The Commission did not identify any other statutes or executive orders imposing requirements relevant to these rules.
There were hidden statutes the Commission missed.

The percentage of possible deliveries on rural routes that are businesses is not known.
Businesses on rural routes are not clearly defined.

Interventions performed by physicians in one trial had results as good as interventions performed by social workers and psychologists in the other.
There was no considerable evidence that showed having an intervention by a social worker or psychologist had better success.

The Return of the Chocolate Smeared Woman (The Flea, New York City).
The much anticipated movie about the chocolate smeared woman was opening in theaters this weekend. 

'Not all of it! Not in two days!'
You can't take all of our water!

The supervisor should promptly resolve such discrepancies.
The problems are the fault of employees working underneath the supervisor.

Comments were posted for public view and response in the agency's web site, along with transcripts of national public meetings.
The comments were posted for the public to see and then comment on.

At the turn of the 19th century Los Angeles and Salt Lake City were among the burgeoning metropolises of the new American West.
By the mid 1800's, Salt Lake City had started to decline.

oh hm i wasn't even looking for a car when i bought this car i uh i was thinking about buying a Prelude from a friend who was moving to New York or something so and she was gonna sell her car because she didn't need it anymore and it was only like a year old and i had never driven uh a Prelude so i went to a dealership because they had like uh the same year and same model of Prelude on their used car lot and i went and i test drove it
My friend gave me a great deal for her used car.

well uh i i like camping i i did a lot of it i when my kids were small of course they're all grown now and gone i've got four boys and they've kind of all gone and we don't really do that together much anymore as they've out two are out in California and two are still in Texas so we kind of don't get together but maybe once a year and then we just do a little fishing but
I don't camp anymore because I get too lonely doing it alone.

red oak yeah
That is the tree.

house that we bought so i'm not doesn't seem like it um i mean i know so much has changed in their technology in the last few years
They are continuing to change their technology.

After scenario development, the second step of the benefits analysis is the estimation of the effect of the Clear Skies Act on emissions sources.
The 1st step of the benefits analysis is authorising the Clear Skies Act.

The authentic FWI dances originated with the African slaves.
Africa is where FWI and contemporary dances started out.

and eventually they'll have to do something with that we'll pay for it again so why not pay industry this is my feeling why not pay industry a little more and reduce it you know and and not have as much of it
We'll always pay for health care.

Stuck in his old life is our commander in chief, and the tabs take notably different approaches to his predicament.
He wanted to make a change for the better.

The ceiling painting of the Sun King in his chariot and pictorial references to Alexander the Great and Augustus Caesar make it abundantly clear the Salon d'Apollon was Louis XIV's throne room.
The Salon d'Apollon was the place in which Louis XIV's spent most of his time.

The Jardin de la Fontaine ' a pretty, tree-shaded 18th-century park on the slopes of Mont Cavalier at the northwest edge of the town ' offers a refreshing respite from the summer heat and a good view of the surrounding mountains.
Lots of people go to the Jardin de la Fontaine every day during the summer, so as to escape the heat. 

The symptoms appear from one to two hours after it has been swallowed. 
The symptoms appear shortly after you swallow it with food.

He stood silent a moment and then snatched the pouch from Adrin's hand.
There was gold in the pouch that he took from Adrin. 

Venice was home to a number of scuole that were not schools at all but old confraternities similar, minus their religious affiliation, to today's Freemasons, Rotarians, Elks, or Lions.
Each scoule tended to have between two dozen and a hundred members, all of aristocratic stature. 

The Turkish army has responded with equal brutality.
Equal brutality has been done by the Turkish army, according to the news.

( Slate discounts claims that Nixon has been rehabilitated in .) ...
Slate doesn't agree with the claims.

mostly just the cans
Mostly the beer cans only get recycled.

In simple terms, the nation could act like a target saver.
The country could have a target for saving that is above 5%.

Approximately 70 participants examined the practicalities of mergers and consolidations
The participants were randomly selected 

Just imagine the kind of homesick letters a Roman-born legionnaire would have written back home.
All Roman-born legionnaires had to serve for at least five years abroad.

' ) Also, unlike back East, there's no vertiginous obsession with how young these IPO-heads are, because almost everybody is scandalously young.
Almost everybody is scandalously young, so there's no obsession about the age of these IPO-heads, said the teacher.

Promised him some time back he could have a bait o' oats oats an' salt, an' jus' a smidgen o' corn cake.
Food can be made using oats and corn and it was healthy.

The Maharanas of Udaipur had five palaces in and around the CityPalace for winter quarters; the Jagniwas in Lake Pichola used as a summer palace (now the Lake Palace Hotel); the Jag Mandir on Pichola, used for festivals; the Lakshmi Vilas Palace for guests beside lake Fateh Sagar; and a monsoon palace up in the Aravalli Hills.
Each of the palaces were built specifically for the types of weather they were occupied in.

The career criminal program aimed at swift and certain justice by trying to expedite and strengthen processing of individuals who had long criminal histories at the time of apprehension.
The career criminal program aimed at justice for people who commit many misdemeanors. 

The memory of its fierce medieval history lingers still, the tales of family feuds that inspired Shakespeare's Romeo and Juliet ended only with the 14th-century ascendancy of the tough Scalageri dynasty, in turn conquered by Venice in 1405.
One of the feuding families was called "Capulet".

yeah you see it on TV The guy gets up and lives afterwards
The guy remained standing for half an hour.

exactly yeah yeah i mean you're you're in Dallas so everybody i can't believe they can uh like in a murder situations they look for juries who don't know anything about the system well or know anything about the the occurrence you'd have to be pretty dense
Dallas has a high murder rate so the jurors in said cases should have knowledge of the legal system.

hum-um it should be never it should that should have a cutoff time just like uh uh statutes of limits and everything all that other stuff you know they they should have like within one year so that they'd have enough time for an appeal and uh you know get that stuff out of the way and if it's turned down the the you know after that if if two people have said it then two is enough
Is there always a cutoff time of a year?

so it's uh Bishu like every Sunday you go out and you buy all these parts of the cow and then you just cook them over a grill that's like in our house it's already built in there's this whole special place in the back so that you can make a barbecue
Our weekly barbecue is delicious and lots of people come to it.

you know we we like things like that you know barbecue beans or baked beans and
We like to eat beans with every  meal.

He and Anse certainly hadn't been trying to wipe away the bitter taste of Gainesville by jumping some blue coats in a cantina hundreds of miles and more than a year away from where they had been forced to admit, at last, that bulletless carbines and bare feet could not keep on shooting and marching.
They wasted all their bullets on a mirage in the desert.

The heterogeneity of delivery costs is driven by differences in volume, geographical characteristics and quality of delivery service.
Lower quality of service yields lower costs. 

it's just too hot and it has to be done too often
It's incredibly hot, and the frequency that it has to be done is a huge problem.

you know and now it's like you know they're saying other people were were i guess other leaders were still crazier about it you know like other people you could think that they might use a bomb here and a bomb there but Russia has never been known for throwing an atomic bomb anywhere
You could think that Russia would use an atomic bomb on another country.

and the whole bit and one of the men got uh i think it was seventeen years and the other one was in for uh life imprisonment
I think that both should have gotten the death penalty.  

oh well Knox is just over the hill here  yes uh-huh they they no longer are you know
Knox is the name of a large city.

no it's not even that
It's not that, but it could be something else.

But the itineraries in the following pages take in all the tourist-worthy sights in this sprawling region, and every one of these important places of interest can easily be reached by public transport.
There are many tourist sights in the region and the are brimming with tourists.

yeah  i don't know what else what more we can say about that that's oh it's been nice talking to you and i guess we just hang up huh okay all right nice talking to you bye-bye
i don't think i'm allowed to say anything else--it's been nice talking to you, bye bye

The fee increase is expected to generate $2.
Although the increase is touted as a substantial gain, it will only generate $2.

um i hadn't heard that one i hadn't uh got too heavy into law and order deal most of mine i'm afraid i go either mysteries or uh action adventure stuff
I've seen one episode of Law and Order before.

France is blessed with an astonishing variety of  long, high dunes on the Atlantic Coast; craggy coves in Brittany; vineyards in Burgundy; steep gorges in the Tarn; olive trees and vineyards, umbrella pines and cypresses in Provence; and lazy beaches in the Cete d'Azur.
The vineyards in Burgundy are more appealing than the cypresses in Provence.

Gerth's original piece in April said that the Pentagon believed Loral had significantly improved the reliability of China's nuclear missiles.
The reliability of China's nuclear missiles was greatly improved by Loral. 

yeah i think uh  if you got
If you have aids then you should use them.

Don't, Dave.
Don't even think about it, Dave.

A great sport, old Evie! 
Evie was a good person.  

The Eye-Patched One has gone far, and so has this town.
They call the one with the eye patch  "The Governor". 

After much debate, a line that terminated at Windermere and spared the rest of the Lake District was completed.
It wasn't until after six scheduled debates that the line was completed.

I forgot that you didn't know about Tuppence, he said slowly.
I forgot that you didn't know that Tuppence was sick, he said slowly.

However, developing the information-sharing and coordination capabilities that could assist in effectively addressing computer-based threats and actual incidents has proven to be challenging as organizations grapple with ways to ensure that useful and complete data are collected; appropriately analyzed; protected from inappropriate disclosure; and efficiently and effectively disseminated, often in the form of warnings.
The information is effective.

yeah i've become kind of the PC guru in our audit department because it's mostly financial auditors with an accounting back ground
Sometimes I wish that I was not the PC guru for the department.

It may take a little time.
You will need to wait a while.

'Why do you follow White?'
Why are you following White's car? 

sounds like we have no conflict we had for a while i was carrying one card and my wife was carrying a different one and since the slips all look alike uh you commingle them and then you get the statement and you try to sort them out and it and it uh it it causes more confusion about it i finally said gee this is kind of a waste of time and then when AT   and T came along and offered a free one uh i accepted that and we've been using that one uh the interesting thing is is that uh the amount of money you can can run up on them i don't know do you know any people that run up big big bills
We have no conflict, really because my wife is reasonable.

We'll miss you.
We enjoyed lots of fun activities together.

First, the mailer may be able to do in one step what the postal service does in two or more steps.
The mailer can do what the postal service on average 15 minutes faster.

yeah i i'm i'm not really sure i don't personally i don't own a gun um and i don't think i probably ever would
I don't own a gun because I don't like them, but my brother has a 9mm gun and a shotgun.

Certainly, Aunt Emily. She jumped up promptly, and something in her manner reminded me that her position was a dependent one, and that Mrs. Inglethorp, kind as she might be in the main, did not allow her to forget it. 
Mrs Inglethorp didn't let the woman forget what had happened between her and her mother.

'Our Pre-Publicity department picked that location for maximum press coverage,' Greuze pointed out, from behind his desk.
Greuze sat lazily behind his desk and said, "Our Pre-Publicity department picked that location for maximum press coverage."

The contractor attributed $100 million of additional cost to first time manufacturing problems.
The contractor thought that $100 million could have gone towards refurnishing necessary machinery. 

Che  A Revolutionary Life , by Jon Lee Anderson (Grove Press).
Many books have been written about Che's interesting life. 

It is astonishing to see a public figure at a political event refer to any work of literature written before 1985 or, in the case of George W., written.
Politicians think no one reads the classics anymore.

Another option is to blend spandex with fleece to make it stretchier and more form-fitting.
Blending spandex with fleece will make the material stretchier and more form-fitting and this will be better for the new designs in apparel.

You know Inglethorp said he had put down the coffee in the hall? 
Inglethorp said he forgot the coffee in the hall.

On the chapel's altar wall is Michelangelo's tempestuous Last Judgment, begun 23 years after the ceiling's completion in 1512, when he was 60 and imbued with deep religious soul-searching.
The Last Judgement was the final piece of artwork made by Michaelangelo before he passed away. 

oh i don't know shooting for one for the thumb now is what they were saying but basically everyone that was on the team then is gone now so
They were all such great people on the team.

Ah, I should like to meet him Mr. Brown." There was a steely ring in Whittington's voice as he replied: "Who knows? 
Mr. Brown is a close acquaintance of Whittington's.

Clinton : I will continue.
Clinton decided to keep his office as president.

If you don't mind my putting in a few words--You'll remember that just after breakfast my son came in to ask what animals ate.
My son did not get a reply to his question.

The girls wield branches of the holy sakaki tree and dance to an orchestra composed of wooden clappers (hyoshigi), plucked zither (koto), mouth organ (sho), and the oboe-like hichiriki, together with flute and drum.
The branches of the Sakaki tree are often used for religious ceremonies. 

Finally, load time is the time it takes a carrier to place the mail in a mail receptacle.
Load time doesn't take long 

By rephrasing the question, Saletan.
Saletan was told to rephrase the question but he refused.

Most city delivery routes are park-and-loop routes.
Most city delivery routes are routes where they park and then walk in a loop.

I've done this all over the United States, in New England mostly on the turnpike, with never a mishap.
I have done this in Canada several times.

The fate of love letters written by Diana to her former lover, James Hewitt, and stolen from him by his Italian mistress, who recently tried to sell them to the London Daily Mirror, which instead handed them over to her executors, has preoccupied all the London newspapers for several days.
Diana wrote long letters to her lover, James, but they were stolen.

During this time, gross domestic product has increased almost 160%.
They were not expecting the percentage to go over 100.

Though many of the organizations did not consider these agreements to be essential, representatives of one organization considered them important because they clarified and helped to institutionalize agreements, ensured senior management understanding and support, and fostered acceptance of new members.
Representatives of some organizations thought that the agreements were a waste of time.

yeah oh yeah right in the tub and and it helps because it's the time of the year that they're shedding a lot and cleaning cat fur off the couch and off the floor is not a hobby of mine so i thought well this'll help you know help them shed and
They always shed a lot in t he summer.

yeah but i still think a beater would do it good enough um the trick is to get the cornstarch
I keep thinking that a beater would mix the banana and liqueur good enough

The old bird-cage lift will take you up to the second-floor museum for a look at the suite used by Ataturk.
The bird cage lift has been in service for ten years.

Italy's most important jazz festival is held in Perugia in July, and there is another in Alassio in September.
Alassio's Jazz festival is just as good as Perugia's

Slate writer Mickey Kaus calls them).
Slate writer Mickey Kaus invites them for an interview.

Since, according to HCFA, all hospitals subject to the rule are small entities, it would be difficult to minimize the impact of the rule on such entities within the constraints of the Medicare program.
The HCFA exacerbates the problem by stating the the rule only applies to the smaller hospitals.

This image offers a grossly distorted view of evolution.
Evolution is being distorted by people viewing this certain image.

It was later used as the ceremonial and legislative chamber.
The community gathered in the room on festive occasions.

We don't really love planning-at least most of us do not.
Planning is the most important part.

The only problem with Marzena was that she was tall and Benedictino was becoming shorter, thinner and his body proportions continued to change.
Marzena was too tall for Benedictino to kiss.

My head thumped, my blood-pressure soared and I had to fight the constant urge to pee.
I always had to pee when i was scared.

We are the Trinfans Teodoro and me.
The only Trinfans left are Teodoro and me.

How did this happen? Bozena asked reproachfully.
Bozena was upset with the results.

uh the Dodgers the Phillies i'm not uh you know the National League we have an American League team here so i don't get that much into the National League stuff here i see them on the game of the week occasionally and i haven't seen the the Phillies
I only see a few games.

Their heaps of silver coins and delicately balanced scales have long been replaced by paper notes and pocket calculators.
Counterfeiting is commonly attempted with some paper notes.

7 billion contingency was unreasonable before the update, were absolutely certain that amount was unjustified given the incorporation of new cost data and shorter time frame for prognosticating.
It was unreasonable to have a contingency of 7 billion at any time but especially after 2002.

boy that's horrible
Those odds are terrible man.

and these fine Americans take care of them
these fine people help them with all their needs

Most visitors guiding themselves through a sightseeing day in Ibiza Town arrive by bus from one of the outlying resorts.
It is most convenient to take a bus if you plan to depart from the resorts, as the bus stops are nearby..

You said that when the computer was finished you would _wait_ for my true name, and I promised that you should have it when the time came, but not what the time would be.
You told me that you would reward me for giving you my true name after finishing the computer.

The sociologist Nathan Glazer reviewed Slavery for Commentary and gave a copy to his friend Daniel Patrick Moynihan, then an aide to President Lyndon Johnson.
Nathan Glazer is a professor of sociology at the University of Wisconsin in Madison. 

for you know with drives and stuff um
Do you need a lift?

Current staff onboard at end of fiscal year 1999.
470 staff were employed at the end of 1999.

Poirot delicately dipped his finger into liquid, and tasted it gingerly. 
He put is finger in the solution and tasted it, smiling at the delicious taste.

The Chief Operating Officer is appointed by the Secretary of Education to a minimum 3-year and a maximum 5-year term, and may receive a bonus for meeting the performance goals or be removed for failing to meet them.
The Secretary of Education decided to appoint someone they had worked with many years ago. 

Overall  The North Face Denali jacket, with a great design but at $160 the highest price tag by far.
The North Face Denali jacket was originally issued in two different designs.

A giant block of marble, formed into a kourosemale statue) over 2,600 years ago lies proseate on the ground.
The statue was made to honor gods.

Another organization's membership list was maintained by only one person and never generally released to all members.
The list contained private information so they were generally not released to the public.

However, we previously reported that progress in implementing PDD 63, including the establishment of information-sharing relationships, has been slow.
The implementation of PDD 63 has been slow, due to unionization. 

You see, she went back to them when she could have got away." Sir James nodded thoughtfully.
Sir James listened intently, "Escape was possible, but she had become emotionally attached to the situation."

When such PP and E is donated to the Government, however, no amount is recognized as a cost.
The government is greedy with donations. 

It's a fine world for the Satheri, if they can keep the egg from breaking."  "What's all this egg nonsense?"  Bork shrugged.
Bork has had few important experiences with eggs. 

oh no radio yeah
I always listen to the radio but it's not my preferred source of music.

Lake County officials and a private agency that assists indigent litigants in Illinois want to make the practice easier by creating a self-help center for people who choose to represent themselves in legal matters.
The Lake County officials have significantly more resources at their disposal.

Soderstrom noted that large grants provide a great deal of data.
Soderstrom said that more large grants should be made.

To keep growing, it will have to win over new users who may be tempted by easier-to-use hand-held devices and specialized e-mail and Internet machines.
these users are not easy to win over

But because the Net gets clogged and packets are waylaid, the sound quality is low and interruptions are common.
Complete failure to transmit any sort of sound is a rare occurrence in the event of high internet traffic. 

Between them Tommy and Julius gave the history of the last week and their futile search.
After a week of searching, Julius and Tommy had given up.

She married him without love. 
She married him for the money.

The original gate that once existed here part of the ancient town wall was torn down in 1570.
The original gate that once existed here part of the ancient town wall was torn down in 1570 by rioters angry about a bull fight.

Recent estimates of annualized cost of compliance are in the range of $1 to $1.
They wanted to get the costs below $1.

i've always found that that when you write things down and set goals it's a lot easier to keep uh keep something going
If you write down your goals, you will always keep going.

Together, the eight states also would provide reasonable geographic representativeness, as well as industrialized versus more rural spreads.
Together, the eight states would provide a great overall sample of the population in those states.

The point is that they disguise argument as science.
They have an agenda, as their company makes more money if they're right.

From its golden era, a ninth-century Hindu temple, the Candi Bukit Batu Pahat, has been restored on the southern slopes of Mount Jerai.
The Hindu temple was from the 9th century and was a stunning building.

For example, as noted above, grantees often seek alternative funding to expand services to women and children in potentially abusive situations.
Grants want to help abuse victims 

In this instance, the charge of bad faith is even more absurd.
The charge was brought for illegitimate reasons.

First, this sector of coastline is most at risk from the threat of hurricanes as they whip acrosethe Atlantic Ocean.
Hurricanes are the biggest threat facing coastlines today.

Speaking of pressing the flesh, Clinton will undoubtedly put the library to good use.
Hillary Clinton wants to write and research and will have that opportunity now.

Most of the usual facilities, including a charming garden, swimming pool, and health club.
According to standard practice, our facilities also include a live volcano.

6 In the final section of this executive guide, we discuss the role of top leadership and the practices it can follow if it hopes to make GPRA a driving force in an organization.
GPRA is not a driving force of the organization. 

yeah i like to sew too but you know if i'm not in the mood to sew i can screw things up like you wouldn't believe
I sew lovely things when I am in the mood.

Public bathing was a prolonged social event as merchants and senators passed from the calidarium (hot room) to cool down in the tepidarium and frigidarium.
A public bathing experience would often take up to four hours. 

For these believers in the efficient market, a company's stock price always reflects its true value.
True value is always indicated by the stock price according to adherents to the efficient market theory.

4 In our view, the information that GAO seeks is not protected by Executive Privilege.
The information that GAO seeks is protected by multiple other law however.

This said, Florence remains one of the world's great tourist meccas and boasts a panoply of architecture, history, and artwork in quantities not to be found elsewhere in the world.
The number of visitors to Florence has increased every year since 2000.

Avoid expensive and beneficiaries disruptive incidents
Disruptive incidents result in weeks of lost time.

In addition, IPM's projections for electric utilities under the Base Case include the NOX SIP Call with a cap on summertime NOX emissions in SIP Call states in 2004 (based on 0.15 lb/mmBtu from 2001) and state-imposed NOX caps in Texas, Connecticut, and Missouri.
The IPM projections measured NOX and CO2.

Mr. Mace, have you lately sold strychnine to any unauthorized person?
The pharmacy sold other lethal poisons as well as strychnine. 

you can go back to work now thank you bye-bye
You are wasting time by not working.

Today Saint Valery offers ramparts and half-timbered houses in the Haute Ville, and a pleasant waterfront promenade with views of seals in the estuary.
It offered ramparts and half-timbered houses in the Haute Ville yesterday, too.

Later this month,  Behind the Legend , a new warts-and-all (and-more-warts) biography, will hit bookstores.
The book goes into detail about his life.

An hour's ferry-trip to the southwest of Istanbul lies the bucolic retreat of the Princes' Islands, known to the Turks simply as Adalar, The Islands. 
The Turks see these islands as the main islands they interact with.

Here is a chairman of the board, editor in chief, and director who is marketing his company as what might be called a truth play.
He's held three positions for ten years.

yeah yeah it's been about five minutes it's been nice talking with you
It's been about ten minutes. 

huh Raleigh well uh have you ever do you read uh US News
Do you have a subscription to US News?

But the high point [of pomposity] might be ELO--the Electric Light Orchestra.
The highest point may be ELO, says the public.

is higher you know
The wage is higher than it was, you know.

One helping is called a porci??n, a large serving is a raci??n, half as much a media-raci??n.
The different servings have different names.

Special lounge for sea-view rooms.
It has a lounge for the sea-view rooms on the first level.

Note to Mark  If you say it on NewsHour don't repeat yourself on Capital Gang .
NewsHour is a very popular news program on CNN.

'There's no way out,' White breathed, as the two of us retreated through the dining cart.
The dining cart did not give us a way out from Lincoln's men.

These divisions later hardened by religious schism would forever deny Scotland a truly united voice.
The Catholics' opinions were more important than those of others from other religions. 

He was breathing-
He took very deep breaths in and out.

I fought the claustrophobia, and tried not to feel trapped.
I tried to feel ok in the tiny closet.

um i think one of the facets of living in a small town is that often times you are uh sitting in on a jury trial where you might be acquainted with at least maybe not that person but part of their family
I live in a small town and know a lot of people.

oh yeah why is that why is that
The reason of that has been troubling me for many months.

Shame on you for defending this unfairness.
You knew it was unfair but you defended it anyway. 

Boris, here, knows pretty ways of making people speak!"
Boris was once in the military.

Regulatory agencies are required to prepare supporting materials for many of their proposed and final rules, including economic analyses (i.e.
Regulatory agencies have to prepare supporting materials for the rules the IRS is introducing.

However, the responses reflected a clear consensus for reporting expenses, with little or no support for reporting outlays only, and a minority preferring to report both expenses and outlays.
The responses showed agreement for how expenses are reported to the boar.

The plan seemed to him simple but excellent.
He thought the plan would work well.

Set high on a hill above the coast with commanding views, it was built by John Palmer in the late 18th century and named after his wife Rose.
John Palmer built it so he could have a place to escape.

Woodchuck refrains from identifying the product because it's selling the name of the product, not the product itself.
Woodchuck aims to always sell product names.

Their thoughts are perfectly friendly."
Their thought, the ones they are sending me, are friendly!

The newcomer knocked on the door as all had done, but his reception was very different.
When the newcomer finished, he knocked on the door, according to the news.

yeah yeah seems to me well the the the uh main event of course is the meal  at the end uh
They serve a four course meal, complete with 4 dessert offerings.

Excursions further up the mountain take you to two medieval fortresses, on foot to Cetello di Taormina and, by car along a winding road, to Cetelmola, for grand views, although the summit of Etna is almost always swathed in clouds.
There are only two places worth visiting up in the mountain.

It was the hunters of their village that had captured the tribes.
The hunters lived nearby to the tribes, which made for an easy journey.

The revolts of the Fronde forced Mazarin, Anne, and the boy-king to flee from Paris in 1649.
The revolts of the Fronde were so bad that many had to flee from Paris.

But Mary managed to make a new life for herself with a local man, and gave birth to seven children.
Mary very much enjoyed having sex, and there was no protection at the time. 

The difference now is that the company has finally figured out how to make its more unorthodox tactics pay off on the bottom line.
The company figured out how to get a profit off of their strange product.

I have even considered appealing to her current employer (with whom I have a warm acquaintance) to overlook her nuttiness and keep her on because, despite her Sturm und Drang office manner, she really is very good at what she does.
She has had many jobs in the last few years.

well that's good have you have you ever grown any vegetables
Did you attempt to grow carrots yourself?

Tommy followed him at a judicious distance.
Tommy was spotted while following him.  

Many tests would be improved by wording questions to address current problems (the past year or three months) rather than lifetime problems.
Test would be improved by wording questions to fit the current problem, suitable for a child and not an adu;t.

Domestic drug use is severely punished, but heroin production for export is permitted.
Heroin use should not be illegal if the drugs are allowed to be exported.

yes yes i know i was actually i think i was thinking of trying to get a job there i heard of it
I am thinking about applying there but I don't want to relocate.

Come in here smiling and then go home and write a dig at us.
You act happy when you're here but then you tell everyone online that we're scammers.

Thus it is not available when notice and comment procedures have been used.
Thus it isnot available when notice and comment procedures have been smoked.

No way you'll get that kind of freedom of choice from, say, those bastards at Mobil Exxon!
Exxon does not provide many freedoms.

14 It should be noted, however, that some recent contracts have been signed to install scrubbers between now and 2005 that would be installed in less than 36 months.
There are more contracts being signed than necessary.

Upgrading to Next Day Air does NOT [their emphasis] mean you'll get your order the next day.
It is not expensive to upgrade the shipping.

Along the north side of the Piazza Br? , the Liston, a people-watcher's delight lined with smart cafe and fine restaurants, is the street for the Veronese bourgeoisie's popular evening stroll (passeggiata).
Verona's working class also like to stroll down the Liston.

um-hum yeah yes they're the they're the victims of neglect and and uh many years of of perpetuated nonconcern for human life
Due to the neglect they face, they end up turning to crime.

Gross National Saving as a Share of GDP Under the Save
Gross national saving is a very large part of the GDP.

The basic legislative structure of insurance regulation requires some degree of uniformity throughout the states.
The market best serves its customers when some consistency exists among all the states.

yeah what do they do
What do they do about childcare?

i'm familiar with Commodore
I'm familiar with Commodore, and I feel a bit offended that you assume I was not.

there's something really interesting on
I am happy with what is going on.

In evolutionary terms, this makes sense.
Evolution explains this.

There is little soil to support plants, resulting in a desert-like landscape of cactus and low scrub trees.
Their plans were foiled as a result of meddling teenagers.

Instead I hugged the surface and clawed my way along, using my whole body for propulsion.
I clung to the side of the train and strained my body inch by inch along its side.

The Industrialist's son pointed imperiously and the Astronomer's son nodded and made off at a run toward the house.
The sons were close friends.

Strange sights, sounds, and smells came in from all directions.
The cave smelled strange.

More imperial tombs can be seen at the Muradiye complex, which comprises a fragrant rosegarden with a mosque and several t??rbes, including that of Sultan Murat II (ruled 1421 1451).
The Muradiye complex was comprised of Sultan Murat I.

According to this week's Globe , the actor's estranged fourth wife, Nicole Rothschild, claims he became impotent after they wed.
Nicole Rothschild became distant from her husband after she realized he was likely impotent before their marriage.

The fire burns, and it destroys. 
Fire burns everything.

People at Chicago like to say that it's harder to get into Harvard but harder to get out of Chicago.
It is hard to get enough funds and opportunity to leave Chicago.

In the preamble to the final rule, the Commission responded to comments on various aspects of the OASIS requirement.
Various comments were negative, but the Commission dealt with them accordingly.

provided us with a copy of the full text of the analysis.
The full text of the analysis was revised twice.

Also husk-roasted sweet corn dipped in butter.
Husk-roasted sweet corn dipped in butter is very tasty.

One way to deter them is to break their arms with a baseball bat.
They are very aggressive and hard to deter.

As a result, competitive needs are now considered part of the decision-making process.
Competitive needs are a low priority when making decisions.

But by far the most striking of these lavish royal apartments is the glittering Galerie des Glaces (Hall of Mirrors), 73 m (240 ft) long, built to catch every ray of the setting sun in the 17 tall arched panels of mirrors.
Galerie des Glaces was commissioned by King Louis XVI and was a monumental achievement.

You are a clever woman, Rita; but you are also a fool! 
You are clever Rita, but you are ignorant.

She readily produced the key of the Moat House.
She was always ready and able to take out the key very fast.

He was 65 at the time.
When it happened, he was 65.

What on earth is Emanuel talking about?
Emanuel is a 2 year old child who speaks Japanese. 

Wars of Independence
Lingering issues from the first War of Independence is what led the second conflict to explode.

It would seem, Sergeant, he remarked, "that there was a book involved.
The book involved was a work of fiction.

But I did, interrupted Lawrence suddenly. 
I absolutely locked all the doors, claimed Lawrence.

Two 2002 TIG awards focus on training.
Another 2002 TIG award focuses on time management.

The solitary majestic peak rises 3,776 m (12,385 ft) into the heavens.
This peak is the highest in Japan.

But the overall thrust of the incarceration section of the 1994 edition is that too many criminals are avoiding jail sentences.
Too many criminals are avoiding jail, according to some.

At the heart is the huge 18th-century H??tel de Ville (Capitole), fronted by a huge open space that hosts an open-air market on Wednesday mornings.
The open-air market in front of Capitole attracts quite a lot of people.

Diversity in the Legal Services Community conversations took place throughout 2001 involving groups of program directors, staff, clients, and board members from throughout the legal services community.
In 2001, the Legal Services Community diversified because they care about representation.

and i the the job that i do i do a lot of training of our customers for new products
We frequently introduce new products. 

And the most important feature of the service was that texts of the wishes were not going to be predetermined and there would be no set list of pre-selected options.
The important parts of the service was the ones that made people most annoyed. 

Energy policy is an important economic and environmental matter with significant domestic and international implications.
The energy policy affects a lot of employees domestically and internationally. 

For those of you who may not know, Jenkin's Hill is the hill on which sits the U.S.
Jenkin's Hill got this description before the US grew to the size it has today.

Five kilometers (3 miles) directly south of the Iraklion is Knosses, now famed worldwide as the village where Sir Arthur Evans (then director of the Ashmolean Museum in Oxford) found proof that the Cretan civilization of myth had been based on reality.
Sir Arthur Evans was a director and archaeologist.

In this situation the auditor should
In this situation the auditor should inform the authorities.

Like the wild countryside of the interior, the megalithic monuments of Brittany's menhir country on the south coast take you back into the legends and mists of time.
Brittany is a very cultured land. 

are signs of a long-deferred maturity.
Impulsiveness is one of the signs of long-deferred maturity.

In a society with a very flat distribution of income and status, nobody feels left out.
People don't feel left out of a society with a flat distribution of resources because everyone gets the same amount.

yes all all young Americans they did not specify you know exactly what young means
I wish they could have given a specific age group.

The single mother was trying to avoid being evicted.
The single mother did not get evicted in the end.

A smaller Church of the Burning Bush sits within the complex marking the spot where the bush stood.
There is also a larger church nearby.

But we've got to hustle.
We have to hustle to get to school on time.

Gwyneth, there's a cheap, painless  Take the dress to the dry cleaner and have it altered.
The dry cleaner only charges one dollar to alter dresses.

Funding from the EU has been heavily invested in the island's infrastructure and fishing industry.
The European Union would only invest in the island due to the strategic location it was in.

5a is clearly due to much more than worksharing and is much larger than any savings.
5a is worth quite a lot of money.

yeah me too and uh yeah same here my wife  uh she went to uh the school out there in Lubbock um she was there for two or three years before we got married
My wife and I had a long distance relationship while she was in college.

To this, Today's Papers readily, wholeheartedly, and unconditionally agrees.
Today's Papers completely agrees with the fact that Trump is scam. 

Any young feller what knows how to handle a gun, he's welcome "
We need more capable men here who can defend themselves.

Nonetheless, in the 1930s poker games, bingo parlors, and a casino barge anchored offshore brought such notoriety to the area that author Raymond Chandler used Santa Monica as the model for the freewheeling Bay City of his detective novels.
Chandler sets his novels in Santa Monica because it's so beautiful and exclusive.

we were switching from one station to another and in between keeping the radio on
The radio was on, and we were going back and forth between the country and classical radio stations.

The town capitalized on its popularity by creating a modern resort full of almost nonstop entertainment.
The town is popular because of the efforts of the government.

As the examination of program implementation and program effectiveness became more central to the case study, so did the ability to generalize findings.
The program implementation is examined by the researchers.

The rest of us will be piqued, shamed, outraged, instructed, and maybe perversely fortified.
We will be treated poorly by teachers.

and so most of the people collect Roman with a few collecting Greek so every now and then we have a program so i've picked up a bit
Roman and Greek are collected usually because they are worth more than Egyptians ones.

Wasn't nostalgia one of the things in Pandora's box?
Weren't there a bunch of things in Pandora's box?

Reaching around back he drew his off-hand dagger from the sheath at the small of his back and another blade from the top of his left boot.
The warrior pulled out two weapons.

how about Tom Cruise do you like his stuff
Have you heard of Tom Cruise?

and uh he had a torn rotator cup
And he tore his rotator cup the week before.

The building was undergoing restoration at press time.
Buildings are sometimes restored during press time.

uh-huh yeah we got some bulbs but we haven't gotten them planted uh my husband's uh been growing uh lots of flowers from seed and
We are going to plant them this weekend.

Fewer books are written.
Less books are being written than four years ago. 

Though the official tongue is Malay, or Bahasa Malaysia, English is still the common language of communication between Malays, Chinese, and Indians.
The big population of Chinese and Indians made the Malays to learn English.

To meet the family's extravagant debts, ground-floor rooms were turned into boutiques and cafe that attracted fashionable society, together with some shady hangers-on and intellectuals.
The boutiques and Cafe's purpose was to meet the family's debts.

and and they stink and beer and wine bottles all over the place huh-uh
They were sloppy drunk and left a mess.

Angora he's he's black
He's quite the angora cat I'll tell you that.

Many were found at Mechlos on the northeastern coast.
Many were happy to be found at Mechlos on the coast in the northeast.

I also have a more specific  that a President Gore would give undue credence to the views of his favorite pop science heroes and their friends.
President Gore loves his friends.

There is also an archaeological museum that displays older relics, including examples of Mycenaean pottery.
The old things in the museum are worth a lot due to their age.

but when i think of Texas i think of nothing but no trees and just grass
Texas seems to be without trees.

He turned the corner of the square.
He turned at the corner the block, so he could go to the ice cream shop.

See here, he declared.
You need to see this to understand that.

for the Cowboys
For all the players in the Cowboys team.

oh my word oh was it we trew grew cantaloupe last year and that's how they were just tasteless you couldn't even eat them
We grew cantaloupe last year and they were tasteless but the kids liked them.

it's it's i guess it's more like a a college campus also i mean there's hundreds you know hundreds of people work for TI
Lots of people work there, but it doesn't have a friendly vibe.

it really is it it really is you know uh that was always a a major problem in our marriage what i have always identified is i am basically good with money it i don't really need a budget to tell me not to spend it i think that comes from never having enough you know i'm always afraid of  i'm going to need some and where will it be
We had problems with our budget in our marriage.

and i've work in a situation like that and i well kind of have a problem with that
I don't think you should push religion.

There, said Poirot, looking after her, "goes a very valuable ally. 
They did not want the ally to leave them behind.

And it was a rotten world! 
The world has been corrupt for decades.

She says Newsweek 's Eleanor Clift has gone beyond the call of duty to earn [her] presidential kneepads.
Going beyond the call of duty is not something that was expected of her.

It is Madeira's All Things Wicker, with items ranging from the most conventional to the most implausible.
It would be ideal to introduce children under the age of 13 to Madeira's All Things Wicker because they love crazy objects.

The battle's end happened so quickly that Ca'daan almost missed it.
The battle's quick end came as no surprise to Ca'daan, who expected to miss it entirely.

 Congress Declares Capitol Peanut-Free Zone
Certain lunch areas will have exceptions where people can safely eat peanuts.

As Adrin reloaded, the Kal turned and crushed the leg of a Stick dressed in ringmail and a studded leather helm shaped like the head of a dog.
The Stick fell over from the blow.

Daniel excused himself.
Daniel had places to be.

The New Republic 's Jed Perl bashes the newly opened J. Paul Getty Museum, designed by Richard Meier, whose architecture, says Perl, only works in coffee-table books.
Jed Perl has made it clear that he doesn't like any of Getty's work.

They were prepared for the 48 contiguous states at the countylevel for electric generating unit (EGU), non-EGU point, and stationary area sources.
They spent weeks preparing for the 48 neighboring states.

All participants understood that, while the assembled group reflected the demographics of the community, they did not speak for every member of the broad-based legal services community.
They understood that the group didn't speak for everyone in the legal services community, like the pro-bono workers in NYC.

Checkmated for the moment, he was far from abandoning the conflict.
Defeat was possible.

but um mostly into just walking and stuff like that
Just walking is needed for me to recover.

By the secret Treaty of Ildefonso in 1800, France regained Louisiana from Spain after 38 years.
Neither the Spanish nor French monarch had actually signed the Treaty of Ildefonso.

what yeah the demand is so high that uh you know they were going to retail them around like third you know thirteen standard you know and you get your options you're looking at fifteen or sixteen fifteen but there were you know people were buying them for nineteen and twenty
The demand is so high for the new car that people were paying way over retail.

I had hoped to gather supplies and move back north but it seems that didn't work.
I wanted to get my stuff together to move back north where I grew up. 

Special events such as pet shows, dog trials, and historical theme days are held throughout the summer.
Locals have a tradition of registering their dogs in pet shows.

You are mistaken, sir, said Adrin, his voice wavering.
Aldrin is apprehensive.

The EPA Small Business Gateway also provides a link to environmental regulations and laws, including new regulations, proposed rules, important notices, and the regulatory agenda of future regulations.
The EPA Small Business Gateway gives a link to environmental regulations that factories are supposed to follow.

A region-wide community economic development initiative housed at an LSC program provides expertise and other resources to all IOTA recipients a third region.
.IOTA recipients often used the expertise that the LSC program provides.

yeah yeah but uh it's just it's just something that you know my theory is you know when when you have kids and all you want to do well what i'll do is you know it like i mean you might have a problems but it's not your kids problems you know and you got to try to to be with them as much as you can and to you know like thing is is that you know like if
When you have kids, you want to spend time with them every day.

For such exceptions, as explained in the Basis for Conclusions, the interest should be classified in the same way as the predominant source of balances rather than according to the normal rule.
The normal rule does not handle all exceptions, which is why it is sometimes better to classify things in the same way as the primary source of balances.

By managing our workforce strategically and focusing on results, we are helping to maximize our own performance and ensure our own accountability.
By managing the workforce strategically and focusing on results they are burdening the general public

The Republicans, predictably, want to preserve the surplus, which they call the rainy-day fund, by outsourcing government services and cutting budgetary fat.
The republicans only cared about their own money and agenda and cut many needed funds. 

In 1990, a Japanese television network paid $12 million to send a journalist to Mir for eight days as a ratings booster.
The trip to Mir was unique and different, drawing in lots of viewers. 

The Commission has promulgated this rule pursuant to provisions of the Hearing Aid Compatibility Act of 1988 (47 U.S.C.
This rule protects the rights of those utilizing hearing aids.

who were uh right and that and that's a lot of money
I wouldn't afford that if I worked for ten years.

oh well we get we get the first you know it comes directly to us from CNN and it's a continuous coverage and course they repeat themselves a lot  and it was really easy when
CNN would often times send us easy things.

As each new drug is released on a wave of hype, insurers will fight the deluge, but patients will clamor, and doctors will go along.
Insurers want to avoid paying for anything.

It includes, returns, allowances, and price redeterminations but not credit losses (due to the inability of the debtor to pay the established or negotiated price).
The law would not let them count it.

The provision, in his view, was permissible because it merely defined the scope of services to be funded.
There were a lot of services listed. 

Capital inputs are measured in terms of efficiency or service flow rather than price or value.
Capital inputs are an efficient thing

Surrounding it are the remains of the Sacred Lake, drained in the 1920s to prevent mosquitoes from breeding in the stagnant water.
The draining of sacred lake successfully killed off the mosquitoes.

good grief that would be hard to do you know
Landing the triple backflip off the moped was not an easy task.

(In other golfing mishaps, the Enquirer claims that Sean Connery screamed in pain after being hit in the butt by a stray golf ball that raised an angry red welt.
The Enquirer claims that, in other golfing mishaps, Sean Connery was struck by a ball hit by Sean Penn.

that we don't get fixed
We'll never be able to repair it. 

The east coast is an enticing mix of bays, long sweeps of beach, small coves, spectacular caves, and myriad tourist villas.
These sites also include major cities and swamps.

 Redistribution is subject to the trademark license, especially commercial redistribution.
You have to make sure you have the trademark license for your ad, especially because it's being redistributed commercially. 

The coastal road continues east through the small town of Oracabessa, with its decaying iron fretwork, and on to Galina Point, the most northerly part of Jamaica.
Jamaica's small coastal towns are connected by a road that runs along the coast.

But it's like trying to tell a stranger about rock 'n' roll.
Explaining the principles of rocket mechanics to an uneducated individual was difficult.

yeah i i don't know that i read anything strictly labeled self-improvement how about you
I did not care for that type of book.

I burst through a set of cabin doors, and fell to the ground-
I burst through the doors and fell down out of exhaustion.

cGross national saving reached a low of 5.3 percent of GDP in 1932.
Gross national savings was at a low of 5.3 percent of GDP because of the Great Depression.

Ca'daan saw the dark-skinned man dive and turn under the swings of his shield-bearing opponent.
In the depending darkness, the man's opponent could barely see him because of his dark skin.

None of them appear to have been at their offices today.
The offices are empty due to a coworker's wedding.

His Floater had burnt out while still sufficiently distant from surface to have the fall stun him.
It was dangerous to have a floater go out that far away from the ground.

There were potted plants.
The plants were in heavy pots.

And I suppose nobody knows that or dares to use it?  There was hurt pride of the aged face and the ring of vast authority in his voice.
Vast authority could be heard in his voice.

I believe, if we exercise all due care, that there is a very good chance of his 106 being delivered into our hands.
If we don't make any mistakes we can beat him and get his 106.

Percentage of Taxable Payroll (2000-2075) 45 Figure 2.1:Gross National Saving as a Share of GDP (1960-2000) 50 Figure 2.2:Composition of Net National Saving (1960-2000) 51 Figure 2.3:International Trends in Gross National Saving (1960-1997) 54 Figure 3.1:Overview of Saving, Investment, Output, and Income
The figures relate to taxable payroll percentage of GDP.

The problem is that the dome is cracking like a great, smashed eggshell."  "What's beyond the dome?"  Ser Perth shuddered slightly.
The dome was created thousands of years ago to keep dangerous pathogens contained.

we don't really have enough plastic to mess with we don't you know like we don't drink milk and we don't have children so we don't have you know six thousand plastic milk jugs a month you know
We drink beer. 

99 percent of the parts built on that process will be within the specified limits.
99% of parts built that way will be within the limits, which the other 1% will have to be thrown away.

Every time Gore utters the word vouchers, he's bumping Bradley closer to the right edge of the road.
Gore has mentioned the word "voucher" a few times now.

As discussed previously, EPA considered the future compliance costs in assessing the impact of the rule.
The EPA considered the future compliance costs to small businesses.

161 "No. 
Not right now. 

She added that when she has not been able to reach everyone, she responds to patients who request help.
She helps patients who request help first.

Oh, it often gets the least important things right, the facts, the small t truth.
It would be better if it got both the small and large details correct. 

The hip-hop industry is concentrated in Los Angeles and New York, but he and the No Limit posse occupy a compound in Baton Rouge, La.
The hip-hop industry can generally be found in Los Angeles and New York but due to their roots, he and the No Limit posse still choose to occupy a compound in Baton Rouge, La.

The LSC does not itself provide legal services, but rather grants federal funds to legal services programs across the country.
The LSC is providing a noble service to help needy people.

The analysis estimates that the Environmental Quality Incentives Program (EQIP) will have a beneficial impact on the adoption of conservation practices and, when installed or applied to technical standards, will increase net farm income.
Net farm income will decrease if the Environmental Quality Incentive Program is not installed.

and another five for parking so that's a hundred and twenty one dollars and with two kids in college and the potential of having three there next September uh i you know i'm going to watch them on television for a few years
I cannot afford to go to the games, with the kids going to college.

Neatly arranged, there is nothing to offend the eye."
It is easy to see that there was nothing offensive after it had been cleaned thoroughly.

Perhaps the absoluteness of the act of writing, in effect, his own elegy--and the absoluteness of his inability to answer his critics afterward--curiously mellowed him.
He never worried about counteracting criticism. 

six hundred and after thirty thousand miles the head gasket went out
It's fairly affordable to have the head gasket replaced.

The demolition of the citadel was a half-hearted job, however, and there's plenty left to see today, from ramparts and castle walls to ruined chapels, stone stairways, and quaint cobbled streets.
There are four ruined chapels from the citadel still in existence. 

The key management official who represents the
The key management official who represents the department.

but um i like the choices you have now where they can go into an apartment type setting and have some basically have a independent lifestyle but assisted care
I didn't like the choices that you had before now.

In the preamble to the final rule, HHS discusses these comments and addresses some misconceptions certain commenters had regarding the role and relationship of the Organ Procurement and Transplantation Network.
Some people believe the preamble was not a proper place for this activity.

Nobody knew.
If only they had known.

To address its strategic human capital management challenges, FEMA has started an initiative to reduce middle management layers and streamline its organization.
FEMA's human capital management has always challenged them as an organization.

Consider a program of discounts for presortation.
You should consider a program for discounts for presortation and access.

There is nothing less attractive than the back of someone's head.
They did not like to sit behind bald men.

oh what's he teach
Does he teach history?

The New Yorker has a seven day window.
All submissions for the week must be received before Friday.

The Terminator decorates his ceramics with butterflies, flowers, and hearts.
An intricate representation of a rose adorned The Terminator's vase.

yeah if you're going to pay the same amount of money and and you don't really know where it came from
It is better to just buy a new car, if the used ones cost the same.

And who are we but thieves, brigands, murderers, and rapists?
Everyone is culbable for the atrocities that happened.

those are electronical diagnostics
There are other diagnostics, but these are electronic.

He turned to San'doro.
He stood just inches from San'doro.

He's not dressed like them, not at all.
He was wearing red and they were wearing blue.

Besides, ground meat doesn't come loose like that.
Besides, it can't be the case because ground meat stays more solid.

Reliefs carved on Ramses' thrones depict the Nile gods, and in a niche between the two central colossi is a small statue to the god Ra-Herekhty (Ra the sun god combined with Horus) with whom Ramses shares the temple.
The Nile gods were major gods for the Egyptians.  

While Marcus poured vials of the crone's strange liquids over her naked body.
The woman had hot liquid poured all over her.

Of course the teasing has not abated, and the weight of my imaginary dunce cap is giving me a headache.
The teasing didn't stop for the rest of the school year.

After a romantic interlude?
Romance is dead. 

Crosethe Ponte Vecchio to the sprawling Pitti Palace (Palazzo Pitti), its dauntingly heavy and graceless facade belying the ornate and colorful interior.
The designers intentionally made the interior more beautiful than the exterior to impress visitors.

The Tartars defeated the Poles at the Battle of Legnica and destroyed most of Krakew, leaving only the castle and St. Andrew's Church intact.
The Battle of Legnica was fought around 1241 and much of the city of Krakew was destroyed during the fighting.

okay Art you say you own a TI or you own a uh an IBM compatible
Art, can I borrow your TI and give it back to you next week?

This isn't a great sword but it is a good one.
The sword needs a lot of improvements.

Governmental receipts consist mostly of individual and corporation income taxes and social insurance taxes but also include excise taxes, compulsory user charges, customs duties, court fines, certain license fees, gifts and donations, and deposits of earnings by the Federal Reserve System.
The Federal Reserve System makes a lot of earnings.

With a research facility and library dedicated to promoting Nubian traditions such as dance and music, it also displays finds rescued from several archaeological sites that were subsequently flooded by the waters of Lake Nasser in the 1970s.
The university focuses on Nubian traditions to learn about.

Red looked miserable and remained silent.
Red was really sad about what happened and couldn't talk.

Vienna Noise Choir
n/a

i would if it were if they were my kids i would so i have to sympathize with the people that come over here and work and send money back
If they were your kids I would not do it.  

Close by, at Prainha, is the island's only natural sandy beach.
Creating the island's other beaches costed upwards of ten million dollars.

The decor celebrates Florentine power Vasari frescoes of victories over Siena and Pisa and Michelangelo's Victory statue.
Michelangelo's Victory statue is the most prominent work within the decor.

There's nothing on record, as far as I know, to link him to his mentor Wright's notorious sympathy for Hitler and fascism.
Wright had sympathy for Hitler because he was a member of the Hitler Youth as a young child.

yeah a bigger bird or a larger cat to take care of the dog
The dog will not be able to eat a bigger bird.

Corporate taxes also were cut substantially in 1981.
Income taxes were also cut in 1981. 

Jerry Falwell, and Mario Cuomo run amok in a long segment on the family and morality.
Jerry Falwell participated in discussions with other politicians.

The unique technology projects film images onto giant water-mist screens that are 30 ft (9 m) tall and 50 ft (15 m) wide.
Most of the film images displayed on the mist screen are from famous movies.

The Form and Content of these statements are determined by OMB.
The OMB has always done an excellent job of vetting the statements for content and form.

well that's funny i didn't expect to have any more calls
I was surprised anyone else called. 

But you will also have fun hiking in the forests and rocky landscapes between Huelgoat and Roc Trevezel and exploring the prehistoric menhir country around Car?­nac and the famous Parish Closes (enclos paroissiaux).
Most of the road between Huelgoat and Roc Trevezel is forested.

I just get personal satisfaction out of this.
This is fun for me.

The Associated Press raised the specter of people with socially unacceptable behavior being forced to undergo brain surgery.
These surgeries carry great risk and could leave the patient with severe brain damage.

there okay had to mess with my phone here um do you have children
So are you a parent or not?

well this machine does it all in one step it's
It saves a lot of time because it does it all in one step

Nearby is Central Market, the wholesale food market of Hong Kong, and the Hang Seng building (private offices).
The Hang Send building mainly holds the offices of Law Firms.

'Okay,' the Fat Man suddenly spoke up.
The fat man was agreeing to eat more food.

but i i don't ever feel the need to dress that warmly i i don't have to travel that far to work uh what what what what about uh your clothes in the winter time up there
I have very few warm winter clothes.

was part of that yep probably
Working hard was a part of the job, yeah.

If the arrival of clouds catches you unaware, a welcome place of refuge is a modern pousada, a good stop for lunch and popular overnight stay with hikers.
A pousada serves wonderful sandwiches.

take all thirteen weeks of summer that's less than uh right at a weeks full full uh full week's worth of vacation and i have you know three weeks a year i been long enough to do that
There are 13 weeks of summer and I need daycare for 12 of them.

The auction exploits desperate buyers.
Buyers may be exploited but they are happy to be purchasing items.

but uh yeah there are a ton of movies out seems like a lot just uh you know the first three months of this year seemed like there's been a lot of movies come out
Way too many movies have come out this early in the year.

Figure 15 shows spending as a share of GDP under the Eliminate NonSocial Security Surpluses simulation.
Figure 15 shows spending as a share of GDP under the Eliminate Non Social Security Surpluses simulation.

well i managed to sweet talk my brother out of uh his Lionel train set that uh dated back to about nineteen thirty three
I had to put so much effort in talking my brother out of his Lionel train set.

It was here in 1952 that King Farouk signed his abdication before boarding his yacht for exile in Italy.
King Farouk did not have a lot of support.

Should he have told Mom that?  Then he said, "Yes, sir."
Mom would have liked to know.

Quit fooling! 
This had better not be a joke!

i haven't seen it in a long time but Sesame Street is still really good
Some children's shows are just classics.

Ca'daan grew nervous, would they fight?
Ca'daan pondered if they would fight; if they did, his host would have to quit the field and regroup.

According to the preambles to the proposed and final rules, the Commission reviewed its proposed information collection and, among other things, assessed the need for the information, how the information would be used, and the associated burden.
The Commission looked at books and websites and saw how they helped salespeople.

oh yeah it's gets bad some of them and then it depends on the nursing home and how bad it is you know because they have some nursing home that don't have anybody that's not walking you know
Some of them get bad, depending on the nursing home, because the staff can vary greatly.

But much remains to be done to create what Jefferson wrongly perceived as  an America with blacks and whites--and others as well--living in a state of equal freedom under the same government.
Jefferson's perception that all Americans were equal was a lie he indulged in and today we are still fighting to make that type of equality a reality.

The Latin for true image has given us the name Veronica, and since the woman's name is unknown she is revered as St. Veronica. 
The woman was not a well known figure.

The Seagram Co. expanded plans to advertise liquor on television, defying President Clinton's plea to honor the half-century-old voluntary ban.
Liquor commercials boost profits for companies by 10%.

The owner is therefore well advised to ensure that preparation of the project scope definition package accurately and clearly expresses expectations for project performance, quality, cost, and schedule.
A review board will evaluate the accuracy of all submitted projections.

The Revolutionaries couldn't be dissuaded from destroying most of the cathedral's statues, although 67 were saved (many of the originals are now housed in the Musee de l'Oeuvre Notre-Dame next door).
The Revolutionaries were trying to destroy each and every last statue near the cathedral. 

All are packed with full-page photos of John in various stages of his public life.
They all have photos of John when he was on TV shows.

you have to like get up at six o'clock in the morning if you're going to mow the yard and not faint while your doing it
Mowing the yard at six in the morning is great for waking up the neighbours

asks the second mother in What Did You Tell Your Kids?
This is a light-hearted question, originally posed by one of the mothers in What Did You Tell Your Kids?.

I didn't go, she replied abruptly. 
She was sick on that day

More than one-third of Americans work at least 50 hours per week.
Around one third of Americans do not work 50 hours a week or more.

How much the man had changed in the six years since he traveled to Fena Kef, fallen in love, and decided to stay there.
The man loved living in Fena Kef and planned to marry his love soon. 

Look for Monevar, Pinosa, and the lighter, less plentiful Ricote (all available in red, rose, or white).
Monevar is the most popular vintage out there.

Simply put, governments are bad.
Governments hurt society.

Oh yes, it also appears, according to experts who have carefully examined the skeleton, that he was Caucasian.
Experts say that he was Caucasian thanks to the new technologies.

When you present the data, cite the source(s) and state that the data were not assessed.
The data obtained contained errors that make it less valuable.

Services such as those provided to the residents of Mobile Park Plaza now hang in the balance, in light of Governor Gary Locke's recent cutting of $2.
Governor Locke cut $2 from each entry fee that was supposed to go towards services.

b) The network reports included material from tapes that could only be the tapes that Starr's people had made (because these tapes allegedly have Lewinsky saying that Jordan and the president told her to lie--which was not on the tapes Newsweek heard, and Newsweek had supposedly heard the most incriminating tapes).
Newsweek wrote an article about some of the tapes they had heard.

The Commission concludes that this reading of the statute would essentially bar LSC representation of this class of aliens and leave H-2A workers without meaningful representation on their employment contract claims, directly contrary to Congress' express purpose.
Despite the Commission's conclusion, the statute was still passed.

Much of the equipment for these systems will be unique to the site and project requirements, although the equipment
Ninety percent of the equipment is unique to the site. 

that does sound good is it one i guess it's a rental
I guess that house is a rental.

The agora-like Hall of Nactenabo (381 362 b.c. ) stands in front of the pylon.
The Hall of Nactenabo is an important hall in Egypt.  

Most people saving through taxpreferred retirement accounts are middle- to upper-income.
Most people saving through tax have lots of money

additional field work and reporting requirements beyond those provided by the AICPA when performing financial audits.
Auditors must personally verify the existence and condition of large capital equipment.

Unsurprising  The appeal of the provocateurs stems from disaffection with two-party politics.
The provocateurs have been around for three years.

well anytime that we stop and think it can't hurt
It's very useful to dedicate time to pondering it.

The obits fail to clear up an abiding  Why did Kam Fong play 'Chin Ho'?
No one knows why Fam Kong played "Chin Ho" despite the low pay.

Chinese New Year begins with a family dinner, and explodes with red banners and lion-dragon dances in the streets of Chinatown.
Chinese New Year begins with a family dinner where gifts are sometimes exchanged. 

This is the First-Class Mail either sent or received by all households and is subject to analysis by HDS.
First Class mail is subject to analysis on a federal level.

Slim rose resentfully.
Slim got up with resentment in his stature.

In summer, Syte is famous for its traditional jousting competitions on the canal.
These competitions commemorate the town's medieval history.

That's precisely because it has a stake, through its TV channels, in baseball rather than just in the Dodgers.
It has a stake in baseball when the games are televised.

More likely, Hanson decided, Ser Perth was supervising the supervisors, making an inspection tour of all this.
Ser Perth was conducting a tour as part of his quarterly evaluations.

It is thought that a Christ?Ωan basilica was built here in a.d. 325 by the Emperor Constantine, on the site of a pagan temple.
Emperor Constantine ordered the pagan temple to be destroyed before the Christian basilica was built.

The Passaic group also accuses Youells of retaliating against it for refusing Miller's suggestion to hire her as a consultant in 1998, an argument Miller dismisses as preposterous.
Youells retaliated against The Passaic group for past hiring decisions.

Might this be for you, sir? The carter held out a very dirty folded note, on the outside of which was written: "Take this to the gentleman at the inn near Astley Priors.
The carter held a note out to him that was written on green paper.

They'd know."
They would not miss it.

Life seems to have changed little in generations, though the mud-brick houses now have the benefit of electricity.
The mud brick houses are surprisingly sturdy against the elements.

well now the thing you you know course they've always said separately that um you know we have a we have a policy on alcohol course if anybody's under the uh influence or if you have reasonable suspicion then that would result in corrective action for them also and that of course has been in place for years
The corrective action policies are not fair. 

They're very particular at the National Gallery.
They act weirdly at the National Galery.

After I finished this worthy and dull book, a distressing thought came to  Its banality might be the fault neither of the judge nor of the legal profession.
The book was over 300 pages and took a week to read.

Flytrap Today: The complete chronicles.
Flytrap Today has made too big of a name for itself too quickly.

Spins on the monetary  1) It will make Europe the United States' new economic rival.
Europe will be the next richest area after the United States.

i don't like i don't like scary books i can't  i can't read those i get paranoid
I don't like reading scary books or watching scary movies.

Grower associations organized to obtain approval to bring in H-2A workers are now appearing in a number of states.
Grower associations are performing a service that's helping employers save money.

sentencing and would all the jurors have to agree on okay that'd be a good place to start
A good place to start might be at the Courthouse.

And the DVD format is gone, too.
The DVD format disappeared at the same time as the CD format.

Whoa, wait, said Adrin but it was too late.
Adrin yelled for them to wait to no avail.

First built in a.d. 325 by Constantine, it was remodelled two centuries later by Justinian, and again by the Crusaders in the 12th century.
Justinian made extensive changes to the original building that Constantine built.

but see i we made poor choices in college we took out two both of us had twenty thousand dollars in loans for student loans
We've been trying to pay off our student debt for twenty years.

The view over Jerusalem from the top of the building's 46-m (150-ft) tower is magnificent.
One can see West Jerusalem from the tower, but not East Jerusalem.

transferring entity.
The entity was transferred.

and we stuck to that pretty much so uh groceries fluctuated um we didn't go out to eat that often but as times went on the children got older you know and naturally salaries increased um we kind of fell away from it
We went out to eat about once every two months.

One recent study demonstrated that a brief, patient-centered alcohol counseling intervention delivered in the context of a regularly scheduled internal medicine visit produced significant reductions in alcohol consumption among both male and female high-risk drinkers.
One study sowed that intervention delivered during a checkup is helpful because it's non-threatening.

Here he is banging on with his upstream/downstream, high note/low note approach 
He always plays music this way.

Reads like a dime novel!"
Dime novels are exciting.

 "Illusion!" she whispered hoarsely, and slumped to the ground in a faint.
She was drained.

'Greuze wanted to send this body complete with historical mind- his obsession with authenticity borders on a fetish.
Greuze was obsessed with historical authenticity. 

Two more straggled.
Two more straggled to get by the rock.

There could be no other answer to the immense bulk planned for this structure.
They only had one way to build the giant structure.

Use the houses, the villagers, and each other to flank them whenever you can.
Flank the demons whenever you can using the houses, the villagers, and each other.

At that point, the progressives will do what they have always done  They're never happier than when they are demonstrating their moral, political, and religious purity by heading for the exit and starting their own small but pure church or party.
Because progressives tend to let the perfect be the enemy of the good, their political efforts tend to be fractious and divisive.

T1 transmits data at 1.5 million bits per second, delivering Slate
They are on the cutting edge.

either way yeah  you have your career and your home life and that'd be a nice way to especially if you have young children
You can create a career path that balances it all.

Amazingly, though, this seemingly insurmountable problem can be surmounted.
The problem seemed overwhelming, but it could be dealt with.

He couldn't hold the thought.
"This is terribly immoral", he thought.

Users could search for comments either overall, for particular rules, or within particular sections of the rules.
The comments for rules can be filtered by date.

What I have lost.
The things I used to own.

Arabs and Crusaders
Possibly Arabs and Crusaders

'You can be sure of that?' Stop hurting your own defence!
You can't defend yourself if you are going to say terrible things.

That spearwoman is good, he said to Ca'daan.
The spearwoman was Ca'daan's ally. 

For Columns 5 though 8, the only amounts that change in lines 1  and  2, compared to columns 1 through 4, are outbound attributable cost and inbound revenue.
Columns 5 through 8 and all sharing the same color.

I thought perhaps they were keeping her there by force, but the way she acted didn't fit in with that.
I thought she was being kept there by force but she gave nothing away.

The New York Times reports that economists with the Army Corps of Engineers, charged with executing a cost-benefit analysis of un-damming the Snake River in eastern Washington, plan to factor in something they call existence value--the value of the psychic benefit people get from knowing the river is running wild.
The Army Corps of Engineers' economists will publish their findings next year.

if you look over there you're not going to you don't see any Arabs driving uh
Arabs do not know how to drive.

He also denied having quarrelled with his wife. 
The wife was a lying old hag who only loved him for his money.

well i left TI in January but i signed up for this before i did
I wasn't intending to leave TI when I signed up for this.

for drugs they they enforce the death penalty for that uh they're just very very tough and i guess maybe that's the way Tokyo is too or Japan is too they're just very tough on criminals
for drugs they they enforce the death penalty for that, they're just very very tough on criminals and that might be the way Tokyo or Japan is too.

it uh-huh just suits and there's not a whole lot of fabric variance there and they can't have a rayon suit  so
for suits, there's not very much fabric variance available, and they're not allowed to use rayon

The professor was getting more and more angry.
There seemed to be no way to calm them down. 

This senior executive solicited feedback from the Central Montana RAC to discuss among his customers how to balance the ongoing, yet potentially competing uses-including recreation, grazing, and oil and gas leases-of a 150-mile stretch of the Missouri River and surrounding areas.
There are oil and gas leases along the Missouri River that have leaked into the water.

Curious about PACs or state governments or the courts?
I can answer anything about PACs.

This alleged societal dynamic becomes her methodological justification for using the stories of the underemployed, contracted-out, and laid-off men of Southern California to illuminate more general male losses.
150,000 men were laid off in Southern California.

One of the most popular and thus on the itinerary of many tours is Appleton Distillery, situated in rolling hills just to the south of Cockpit Country.
Appleton Distillery, south of Cockpit Country, draws in the tourist crowd for a brew that they are famous for.

At the far south is the small Ebisu Bridge, a favorite meeting place for Osaka's trendiest young things.
Ebisu Bridge is the birthplace of many trends and modern movements.

McCain is a contrarian, someone whose life is defined by lonely opposition.
McCain was once a great man, who could level a skyscraper with the punch of his hand.

Depending on user needs and the auditor's qualifications, the auditor may choose to apply performance audit standards in chapters 7 and 8 to the objectives in paragraph 2.6 instead of following the attestation standards in chapter 6.
When the rigid audit standards in chapter 6 became impractical, auditors were allowed to apply the standards in chapters 7 and 8 to the objectives in paragraph 2.6 based on the auditors qualification and the users needs. 

43For more information about the analytical framework for assessing Social Security reform proposals offered by GAO, see Social  Criteria for Evaluating Social Security Reform Proposals (GAO/T-HEHS-99-94, March 25, 1999) and Social  Evaluating Reform Proposals (GAO/AIMD/HEHS-00-29, November 4, 1999).
The proposals with more information were updated in 1999 ut were originally written earlier.

He enjoyed the first day's ride through the grass lands and the marsh.
He liked riding the four-wheeler through the grassy land. 

I yawned again. 
I yawned because I was bored.

um what do you want to concentrate on
Other than school, what do you want to concentrate on?

The building you see today was commissioned by Justinian and completed in 537, although many repairs, additions, and alterations have been made over the centuries.
The building has been altered greatly and does not at all look the same as when it was originally built.  

you know we we only had one car we only had one telephone you know we didn't get to eat out all the time but i i feel like that it helped me now because i appreciate the value of the dollar
I am very grateful for what I have and don't waste money.

She would have had to take very nearly the whole bottle to account for the amount of strychnine found at the post-mortem."
There was no way she would have taken that much strychnine on her own.

Where some Holocaust experts, such as Hilberg and Martin Broszat, depicted it as a complex and contingent event, other writers, such as Lucy Davidowicz, found it more politically expedient to focus on anti-Semitism, especially as Israel came under increasing censure.
Lucy Davidowicz thought the Holocaust was about Hilter's inadequacy in relation to the Jewish population.

It is the side of Johnson that we are most familiar with, Johnson as the brilliant conniver, trying so diligently and without success to free himself from the spell of the Kennedys.
Johnson saw himself as an enemy of the Kennedys.

That's your name now.
Your last name is Bewillicker now. 

I released the triggers, and the storm stopped.
It was only a coincidence that when I released the triggers the storm stopped.

That is all. 
Nothing has been omitted.

Then I went on and mumbled out something about a girl.
I mumbled something about a girl so that they would not understand what I was saying.

Thank you for the words, m'lady, said Jon.
Jon was familiar with the lady. 

He and Els were on the 17 th green, tied at 4 under.
They were pissed because they were tied and they wanted a true winner. 

Stewardship Investments - items treated as expenses in calculating net cost but meriting special treatment to highlight their substantial investment and long-term-benefit nature.
Stewardship investments will make you the most money.

I'm not worried bout her, said Susan, reading his mind.
Susan was famous for being a mind reader.

The two cities have twice shared the same destructive fate.
The Americans heavily bombed both cities in World War II.

The mysterious stone circles that dot the landscape are thought to be primitive calendars that helped the inhabitants decide when to plant and when to harvest.
No one ever thought much about the stone circles.

Legal Aid is a nonprofit national organization aimed at providing low-cost or free legal aid to those who need it.
They wanted all that were local income to have some sort of legal aid.

There are other differences as well.
Numerous differences can be found.

A low-ceilinged room in one of the buildings has been venerated for centuries as the Tomb of King David.
Everybody just assumed that a particular room in that building is King David's Tomb.

We included IRS and OPM in our review, given IRS' exemption from certain title 5 personnel provisions and OPM's human capital leadership role in the federal government.
IRS and OPM are included in our review, said the writer.

 said Jon.
Jon said that he wanted coffee. 

They knew the truth of combat.
They thew that the demons ate their victims after defeating them.

In addition, the advanced scenario anticipates increased program spending of $9.
Increased program spending of $9 has been anticipated by the advanced scenario, but will be in function next week.

A deep rumble awoke in the mountain, a shake that warped the ground under Jon's feet.
A giant creature was waking up.

We were all together the whole time." Poirot shook his head. 
We stayed together to prevent people getting lost.

The violent arena of domestic abuse litigation has grown a bit more volatile here, now that a judge has decided to hold two women in contempt of court for returning to men who had been ordered to stay away from them. 
The women were married to the men they had returned to.

i could i couldn't afford to work there
The expensive uniform means that I could not afford to work there. 

The Kal's powerful legs stepped in front of Ca'daan's view and, looking up, he saw the Kal dodge a sword swing and smashed his club into the man's side.
Kal is fighting to protect Ca'daan.

take a twenty two and find a creek
They often would venture into the woods with a twenty two caliber rifle.

Wealth would indeed be moved around, some people enriched, and others would be financial losers.
The moving of the government's wealth would make some rich and others poor.

Because of its power to create and fund programs, the involvement of Congress is indispensable to defining each agency's mission and establishing its goals.
Congress has often used this power to avoid having to do extra work.

yep well same here
I completely agree with you.

If asked to participate in press briefings sponsored by requester(s), GAO will provide support if the press briefing is held in Washington, D.C.
GAO will support the CDC.

yeah i've uh worked with a couple of people who have owned uh various years uh Mercedes and
I worked with a couple people who owned a Mercedes from investing in the oil industry. 

Try a vinho verde, a mildly sparkling young wine from northern Portugal, or a hearty red Dao or Colares.
The red Dao is the best wine of the bunch, by far.

An agency should establish its initial test plans in the presolicitation phase.
The presolicitation phase is a warm up period for every agency in government.

The pedestrian plaza in the city centre is bounded at one end by the Ulu Camii (Great Mosque), built in the 14th century with stone quarried from Uluda .
There was a smaller mosque before the great mosque, which was knocked down in place of the Ulu Camii.

For a change, it's not something that Napoleon looted during a campaign, but was a gift from Mohammed Ali, viceroy of Egypt.
Most gifts came from looted spoils which were undesirable.

Somebody changed the rules and it wasn't us.
Somebody changed the rules and it wasn't us because we do not have the power to.

Newsweek notes the marketing overkill of the new James Bond  Heineken, Smirnoff, BMW, Visa, and Ericsson are running commercials that hawk both their products and the movie.
Newsweek counted the times there was product placement in the movie.

Granted, the Web is not yet a picture of efficiency itself.
Harley-Davidson has sought to trademark the rumble of its motorcycles due to IPV4 shortages.

Wherever you go in Jamaica from the tropical coasts to the rugged interior to the secluded eastern tip of the island you'll find fascinating people and landscapes.
The people of Jamaica are incredible because the beaches are invigorating.

having a uh program work on me was the the Atari toot toot
The program worked on me for almost two hours.

It is important to recognize that rules alone will not effectively resolve the problems that resulted in massive restatements of financial statements and ultimately bankruptcy of certain public companies.
More than rules are needed to prevent the bankruptcy of certain public companies, which sank the economy last time it happened.

We reported then and still find today that serious human capital shortfalls are eroding the capacity of many agencies, and threatening the ability of others, to economically, efficiently, and effectively perform their missions.
Serious shortfalls in human capital have been a problem for many years.

There were the soft peaceful sounds of horses crunching fodder, hoofs rustling in straw.
It was meal time for the horses.

all the tricks
Every trick they played on me.

Building on global changes that are impacting society on a variety of levels, GAO's strategic plan develops a comprehensive and focused structure of longterm goals and objectives to support the Congress in its legislative, oversight, and investigative roles.
GAO's strategic plan includes ways to support Congress in writing new legislation.

Who knew that fellow citizens--even the scummy ones--endured such horrors?
Who knew that fellow citizens--even the scummy ones--endured such horrors due to poor life choices?

He stumbled on in a trot, guiding himself by the stars that shone in the broken sky toward a section of this world where there had been life and some measure of civilization before.
He had once lived in that place before moving away years ago.

133 "Aha!" he cried. 
He declared suddenly, "Aha!"

what what about cars that are that
What about self-driving cars?

A pair of massive medieval towers form part of the Cityel, which was the prime bastion of the city for over 2,000 years (built almost 1,000 years after the time of the legendary king).
The city is over 3000 years old.

I wasn't much interested in being a corporate lawyer.
I wanted to be a civil rights lawyer.

Historically, participants felt that auditor communication with audit committees has been variable.
Auditors are good communicators 

On Slate, the program manager is, in essence, the chief computer guy in a nest of cybernaifs.
Slate's CFO is the top data management professional.  

Singing cowboy Roy Rogers died . Conservatives praised his old-fashioned fidelity, compassion, chivalry, and humility.
Conservatives tend to have more old-fashioned and wholesome lifestyles.

for thousands of years
It will likely continue for thousands more.

But the mainstream arguments, too, are wrong.
Everyone but the mainstream agents are right.

A victory by Deep Blue would indicate its superior computational skills, but not a capacity for conscious thought.
Deep Blue is capable of superior computational skills among other things.

GAO does not have classification authority for its products.
GAO does not have classification authority for its products, nor does it sell rice.

The Tokugawa reaction was  a reinforcement of the austere values of the samurai and a rigorous clamp-down on the merchants' high life.
The clamp-down was aimed primarily at merchants, and other sections of society continued to live lavishly.

yeah more or less just whatever it it's really that choice
Yeah, I think its a choice to be gay.

Legal services programs in Minnesota continue to work together to integrate and provide a full range of services to clients across the state.
The 2HR5 tax provides funding for a bounty of legal services in the state.

But the largest single federal day-care subsidy is the Dependent Care Tax Credit, which now distributes more than $2.
The subsidy provides tax breaks to parents.

Bureaucrats being bureaucrats, efficiency and amiability vary from place to place, but the tourist information offices all provide useful maps and brochures.
The tourist offices offer guides who will show you the sights.

While Florentine art developed its formidable intellectual and emotional power, the tone of Sienese painting Simone Martini, the Lorenzettis, even the Mannerist Sodoma remained gentle and delicate, bathed in the light and color of its surrounding countryside.
Sienese and Florentine art are very different.

You can, though, aspire to half measures that do two things.
Negative and bad things happen when you take half measures.

(Well, duh.)
 Obviously.

yeah well uh if i could think of some of their names i
If I could recall their names, I would report them.

The restored monarchy opted for a church, as originally intended when building started under Louis XV.
When Louis XV ruled, more than 100 churches were built.

Second month: Promoted to drying aforesaid plates.
Finally at the end of a grueling two months, earned the promotion to be able to dry the plates mentioned before that will allow me to escape.

It is known for its inexpensive (but well-made) knock-off designer goods.
These inexpensive knock-off goods do last a long time.

Rydal Water, the smallest of the lakes in the entire Lake District, sits beside it; thousands of rushes line its banks.
All the lakes at Lake District have been measured and locals know their sizes.

One side is treating other people with civility.
One side is trying to help people, sending them money.

There is a real challenge for our board of directors to help us raise additional funds to help offset these losses and to help prevent reductions in staff and services to our clients.
Our board of directors are challenged to raise additional funds, but it's not sure whether it will be successful or not.

The Thirteen Years' War yielded great benefits for the transformation of Danzig (formerly Gdansk) into an independent city-state under the protection of the Polish crown and the capture of other Knights territories.
The Polish crown sanctioned three independent city-state areas, including Danzig. 

Jon paused, gazing at Ca'daan with eyes like frozen water.
Ca'daan was frozen with fear.

yeah most of mine's been pretty good although i'm i guess i'm like a lot of other people now i'm trying to to pay off my credit cards and i've done pretty good at it
I am trying to pay off my credit cards and student loans and I am doing well.

A piece reports on a new treat for  yogurt in a tube.
Yogurt in a tube is a convenient snack.

From Lesvos, there are regular summer excursions to the Turkish coastal town of Ayvilik, a base for trips to the sites of ancient Troy and Pergamum.
Lesvos is near the Turkish coast. 

These statutes are laws that comprise the letter mail monopoly.
These laws comprise the USPS monopoly.

and uh it would have helped me out tremendously  but um
A washing machine would have really helped me a lot.

uh-huh but those are probably about the only two that i that i usually  with any regularity
Those only see use regularly because they're the only two available.

Beyond that, he had no memory of pain.
Besides his memory of the injury, he didn't remember experiencing any pain.

They also promised to try to solve their border dispute over Kashmir.
They promised to solve the dispute over Kashmir's territory.

The King's Antechamber was where he entertained his more favored guests.
The antechamber was extravagant and lush. 

I was jus' funnin' like Ben said.
Despite what Ben said, he was not joking.

Each statement is presented as a separate chapter.
In the rough draft, every chapter contained two statements.

The previous winners were all quality people.
These people were from the wealthiest political families in the country.

That The Loss of Sexual Innocence doesn't gel is a point too obvious to belabor.
Sexual Innocence is lost for all teens.

 Hanson stood up, taking the final bite of the whip without flinching.
Hanson had developed a tolerance to the bite of the whip.

To contribute to that national target, the senior executive in the Nashville regional office had a performance expectation for his office to meet a target accuracy rate of 59.
The Nashville regional office resented the imposition of the performance expectation but it worked.

The metrics described here offer suggestions to be tailored for use as appropriate to particular projects.
This allows flexibility so each project is unique.

The maharaja's palace is a museum by day and lit up at night.
The maharaja's palace houses a great number of art masterpieces.  

There is reason to think that on the matter of homosexuality, he writes, some small but important aspect of human personality has begun to change.
The man was trying to make a case for focusing on the issue.

Drew did not know what he had expected of their first meeting.
Drew did not know what to expect, but he was excited.

yeah that's right i can do that exactly  you sure can you can network them together and everything it's a fantastic machine needless to say so i'm very uh high on it but you said you have computers Suns at work right what other machines do you all have at work
We need to be sure that this machine will support networking with ones running other operating systems.

Participants generally agreed that auditors should be able to speak more freely, openly, and honestly with audit committees on risks facing the company and on the appropriateness of the company's accounting policies.
Everyone thinks auditors should be able to speak freely.

You're making a sad mistake but yours will be the loss.
You are making the worst mistake of your life, and you will pay the price.

Then, after Alexander's death in 323 b.c. , Cleomenes took control of the country under the name Ptolemy I. The new city of Alexandria, located on the Mediterranean coast, became the base for the Ptolemaic control of Egypt and the cultural capital of Europe, and Thebes finally lost its influence.
Cleomenes first considered taking the name Plato, though eventually ruled in favor of the less pretentious Ptolemy. 

TRUST REVOLVING FUNDS -Accounts that record permanent appropriation and expenditure of collections used to carry out a cycle of business type operations in accordance with a statute that designates the fund as a trust fund.
Trust Revolving Funds record when and how trust funds are spent so that the beneficiary can hold trustees accountable for how they manage the fund.

everybody has a specialty and so uh it's sort of it's it's sort of a high class potluck i guess you could say and uh it's wonderful it's uh uh i mean
Andrea's cheese dip is to die for.

Morgan went to New York banks and compelled them to dip into their reserves to offer loans that would allow stockholders to cover their margins and begin buying again.
Morgan ruined the economy by compelling banks to dip into their reserves.

Today it is growing in popularity with tourists, and resort facilities are expanding.
Hotels are often the most common resort facilities in the area.

well have you been here during the real heavy heavy rains i mean i can't remember what time of year i think it's usually t his time of year when we get some just torrential down pour gosh there was flooding our neighbors had flooding so badly it was like a foot deep in their house last year
Our neighbors had to leave their house when it flooded last year.

At first, I thought, That's one of the grossest things I've ever heard.
The more I thought about it, however, the less gross it became.

yeah yeah that's true sometimes i find i have to kick myself though to get started and once i get started you know it's it feels good
It's hard to get motivated, but once you are, it's on!

In biotechnology, as in telecommunications, intellectual-property law remains at an embryonic stage.
Biotechnology has been the source of many law suits because of this.

as long as we do it in a logical manner rather than what we did in Vietnam except jack around with it
What we did in Vietnam was shameful.

Its tranquil Moorish gardens with fountains and quiet patios are its main selling point, though rooms are very comfortable.
The Moorish gardens have some of the prettiest trees around.

Legal aid services are nonprofit, publicly funded organizations that provide services to low-income clients at no charge or for a minimal fee.
Legal aid that is non profit is sweet 

yeah but i think it it's changing now yeah so i so we do know what okra is i wouldn't have known what it was when i was a teenager though
Now it's changing, I guess, but I have to be more informed about it

Heavy Gamblers?
They always gambled heavy.

Sixty-four additional statuettes carved into the structure represent characters from Scott's books.
Scott's books have many characters and are very popular.

yes in in homicides related to other than i guess what are called uh crimes of passion uh for example you know as you as you very well know the great majority of homicides are people murdering other people they know mostly people they know
I've been informed of quite a few more cases of someone being killed who knew their killer than who didn't. 

i would lease a spot a spot on this particular lake here in northern New England and go there every every spring and stay there all summer and it really worked out good for me
The New England springs and summers were the highlight of my year.

It's not often that the rank and file get together to talk about their problems.
The rank and file get together often to talk about other things besides their problems. 

Tickets for the Museum of Scotland allow entrance also to the main collections of the Royal Museum, fulfilling the stated aim of the curators of bringing Scotland to the world, and the world to Scotland. 
Tickets to the museum let you go through the royal family's personal belongings in an exhibit.

In wartime guns can be lost.
Guns often go lost during war and never turn up again. 

Return the sun to its course.
The sun is way off of its course. 

He was fair, with a weak, unpleasant face, and Tommy put him down as being either a Russian or a Pole.
His unpleasant face was very scary to Tommy.  

they said that uh cars would cost two dollars and they would run forever
If a car could run forever and costed two dollars, it wouldn't need gas.

Kilberry Bagpipes (at Gilmore Place, Tollcross) manufactures and sells traditional, professional instruments in a range of sizes.
Kilberry Bagpipes has their own factory to manufacture instruments.

Today, thousands of kilometers of public footpaths and bridle ways extend to almost every valley and reach to every peak, offering new delights at every turn in the road.
The mountains are littered with pathways and the effects of tourism.

Another major reform of 1996 instituted a competitive bidding process for LSC service contracts, requiring programs to demonstrate results and progress as a condition of continued federal funding.
There was a reform in 1996 that made it so bidding was anonymous.

Michael Kelly's WP column about Ken Starr vs.
Michael Kelly wrote about Ken Starr in great detail.

It is the labyrinth of family houses in its shadow that brings the city to life.
Despite their state of disrepair, the labyrinth of houses brings the city to life.

 Then the numbness of shock wore off and the pain nerves carried their messages to his brain.
The pain he experienced after the shock had worn off was excruciating. 

Probably the best place for live jazz and salsa in the country is the rollicking Palacio de la Salsa, in Havana's slightly dated Hotel Riviera (Paseo y Malecen, in Vedado; Tel. 33-4501).
Probably the best place for live jazz and salsa in the country is the rollicking Palacio de la Salsa because the performers come from all over the world.

Muncaster Mill, 3 km (2 miles) north of the castle, started operating in 1455, although the present building dates from the 18th century.
Muncaster Mill is known to most of Englishmen.

Crete remained a province of the Roman Empire until a.d. 395, with Gertis as its capital.
Gertis had a population of 8,000.

The rules we've always had is that politics stop at the shore, one senior White House official said, speaking on the condition of anonymity.
The White House official has inside information on why politics stops at the shore.

Time 's explanation of the science of toxic weapons trumps Newsweek 's.
Time's reporters are much more thorough than any other publication. 

This is not about job security for me and Maxim, Atlas said. 
I am not worried about losing my job, said Atlas.

By the way, what's your name?"
 I appreciate your help but who are you?

Admission or observation is not necessary after a negative abdominal computed tomographic scan in patients with suspected blunt abbdominal  results of a prospective, multi-institutional trial.
It's not required to be admitted after a negative abdominal computed tomographic scan when a patient is in a car accident.

sThis hypothetical program is for illustration only.
While the program showed promise on paper, the authors were adamant that it was only for show.

Immediately after supper, Mrs. Inglethorp retired to her boudoir again. 
Inglethorp always retired to her boudoir after dinnner.

Some surmise that he's cleverly waiting to unveil his platform.
He's waiting for the perfect moment for maximum impact.

For these reasons, commercial companies have strong incentives to capture product knowledge early in the process to assess the chances of making the business case and the need for further investments.
Companies can make good money if they capture product knowledge early in the process.  

Caveat emptor, indeed.
The campaign is a caveat emptor.

The Unzen-Amakusa National Park, consisting of a peninsula and islands west of Kumamoto, is most pleasantly reached on a picturesque one-hour ferry trip from the nearby port of Misumi to Shimabara.
There is active transportation between The Unzen-Amakusa National Park and Misubi.

In 1979 Egypt became the first Arab state to recognize the state of Israel other Arab states were aghast and internal opposition to Sadat grew.
Egypt became the first Arab state to recognize Israel in 1979 when other Arab states were aghast and ready to go to war.

hi Rick how you doing
Hi Rick, how are you doing today?

The surrounding land and the tree under which he sat as a child have been turned into a shrine to the singer, but the ambiance is spoiled by the numerous  guides  and souvenir sellers who crowd your path to the entrance.
The souvenirs sold along the path to the entrance are expensive.

Of course civil disobedience--breaking the law (and taking the punishment)--is a valid, even noble, way to dramatize iniquity and create pressure for change.
Civil disobedience can create systemic change.

Another farm worker, 22-year-old Marcelina Lopez, was five months pregnant during the reported Olathe spraying incident on June 29.
Marcelina Lopez gave birth to a still born baby in September of the same year. 

My favorite strip was when Lucy fell ill and sent Rerun to hold the football for Charlie Brown.
I like the cartoon where Charlie Brown gets hurt.

yeah they no i'm i'm sure they probably well it all depends i guess on on what they feel is you know what he can do because baseball is not a light an easy sport either that's a very very athletic sport lot of running and stuff like that and the hip may be a real problem but i i would think that football would have been more of a detriment to him than than baseball would
His hip may be a problem in both baseball and football, since they're both equally athletic.

Gilded bronze lions defend the throne.
The lions were a gift from the Austria.

The square's grand, spacious effect is completed to the north by an arc de triomphe (dedicated to Louis XV) at the entrance to the long Place de la Carriyre ' also graced by 18th-century mansions and Jean Lamour's iron grilles.
Louis XV was known to wear high heels and dresses.

Wood carvings vary from ro sewood elephants or sandalwood camels to the Kashmiris' finely fretted walnut, created in the style of the screens on the Srinagar houseboats.
Wood carvings are categorized by the wood type and carving difficulty.

There are two hypostyle halls with well-preserved papyrus columns and in the Corridor of the Kings in the southwest wing, you will find 76 cartouches listing Pharaohs throughout the ages.
There are two halls that were made to look good for the kings.

it's a perfect day for it yeah i i love spring i just love it
It's a perfect spring day and I have to work.

(Rupert Murdoch recently abandoned plans for a major satellite assault on the cable market.)
Murdoch decided against going after the cable news market, investing in news papers instead.

because we have some alkies too boy you can smell it on they breath
You can tell when people have been drinking.

0000  Steaming under a canopy of stars, gently swaying to the ocean swells; glowing lights on a distant shore.
Lights were glowing on Cuba's shore.

The container should be kept covered and the contents should be protected from light.
The content is a banana, banana's need protecting from light.

Games are scheduled on Wednesdays and Saturdays from September through April.
There are a lot of scheduled games.

If there was any doubt that sugar was king in those days, the Treaty of Paris (1763) dispelled  France elected to take back her little West Indian islands and leave the  few snowy acres  of Canada to the British.
France gave some Canadian land to the British in 1763.

There was something fitting about this.
Something about this seemed like fate.

you know he was but he just went for the the big bucks i think Dallas was going to pay him like sixteen million over five years and he got something like eighteen or nineteen million from Las Angeles so he just went where the bucks were and shoot you can't blame him man that's that's a phenomenal amount of money but uh yeah the Mavericks are sucking it up i tell you
He's pretty greedy since he chose to go where there was more money instead of where he was wanted most.

East of the Groseorloge stands the great Cathedrale Notre-Dame, made famous in modern times by Monet's many Impres?­sion?­ist studies of its facade.
10 miles East of the Groseorloge stands the Cathedrale Notre-Dame.

Very well, then. 
Very good, we are right.

After a final bloody defeat by the Muslims in 1309, Christian forces were forced from the Holy Land.
Muslims reigned over the Holy Land in 1309. 

The commenters raised concerns relating to (1) accounting policy, (2) quantitative disclosures about market risk, (3) qualitative disclosures about market risk, and (4) implementation issues.
The commenters had some very serious concerns,

i seen how they were organized in in central and South America and uh it's uh
The way that they were devided in south america

my uh my uh son who goes up to A   and M he's had the pleasure of having a hole in one
It took my son a lot of practice before he hit a hole in one.

When the kid had enough, which normally happened in the evening, he would go to school for about two hours.
The kid once spent over three hours in the school one evening.

Nothing like them had ever been painted before.
Their bright colors and stark shapes set them apart.

I think there's a real danger that people will lose benefits because they won't understand how to handle this (money), said Glenda Harrison, staff attorney with the Northern Kentucky Legal Aid Society in Covington.
People tend to spend all of their money right away and end up poor. 

She described how her family sat waist-deep in water for two weeks on a leaky fishing boat to Hong Kong, how her father gave up his own ration of rice to feed his family, how they settled in Louisville, Ky., with $100 and a gold wedding ring among them.
Her family was traveling to make a better life for themselves.

For business saving, it is important to distinguish between net and gross saving.
In some situations net and gross are not required to learn.

It was this room which he had been directed to enter.
All the other rooms were full.

uh-huh it really is and i think you don't
I'm not sure if you do.

This ancient woodland of mixed deciduous and coniferous trees provided a source of fuel for the furnaces of the charcoal industry and the bobbin mills.
Charcoal was a boom industry at the time.

Pointing at the dinosaurs, I clicked twin thumb triggers.
The triggers fired bullets.

Ca'daan grew cold.
Ca'daan's fingers were frostbit.

Caesars Magical A particularly unusual interactive dinner and show experience set in a series of elaborately themed underground chambers rather than a showroom proper.
There is an interactive dinner and show at Caeser's Palace on the strip.

Five of the 26 studies are contingent valuation (CV) studies, which directly solicit WTP information from subjects; the rest are wage-risk studies, which base WTP estimates on estimates of the additional compensation demanded in the labor market for riskier jobs, controlling for other job and employee characteristics such as education and experience.
Five studies are CV studies focusing on the economics of the job market.

right right college credit is a good idea because
There are many reasons college credit is a good idea.

These guidelines may provide a valuable basis as you weigh the proposals before you.
You should consider these important guidelines before making a decision.

Another online pollster, Harris Interactive, is using its Harris Poll Online to learn about the public's views on the 2000 election.
The public was very divided over the 2000 election.

Illinois assessed the risk of improper payments in its Medicaid program, and, based on the results, implemented initiatives designed to improve payment accuracy.
The results confused the scientists because it made no sense.

.. would never pass muster.
They did not want to pass.

I've had enough of the fellow hanging about. 
He's been smoking and begging for change outside our store for months.

yeah i heard uh just i guess last night they got beat uh and Bobby Witt was the pitcher and he's supposed to be uh you know their their hot guy
Bobby Witt is the best pitcher in the league.

The inlaid floors are particularly lovely, and there are extensive collections of furniture, silver, tapestries, and carpets.
The inlaid floors have shiny wood.

Madeira's hand embroidery is unsurpassed worldwide.
Madeira's hand embroidery is worth a lot of money.

Its strange posture commemorates a legendary statue that came to life and then berated Eikan, the astonished monk looking on, for pausing from his ritual chanting.
Eikan continued chanting after being berated by the statue.

In the park is the 1380 Zhenhai Tower, one of the city's oldest buildings.
The 1380 Zhenhai Tower is over two hundred years old.

In 1070 b.c. the country was split again and foreign powers began to overrun the borders.
The country split in 1070 BC because of the new pharoah.

something else done here that would would solve the problems in the Mid East or or
Something we could do here at home could go a long way to fix the Mid East problems.

An RFP was created, proposals reviewed and a consultant hired in 2001 to design a state justice community outcomes measurement tool.
The state didn't know what effect the community justice programs were having.

they're they're not helping you uh be able to afford the insurance that they're making you buy
Insurance is extremely over priced. 

His wife, Cordelia, saw an opportunity to boost the family income and began serving chicken dinners on her wedding china.
By serving chicken dinners on her wedding, Cordelia was known in the family for being frugal.

It is agreed.
We have consensus, but at what cost?

that's true that's true um self-preservation of the species i guess right
The species does what it can to survive.

The garden had been founded as early as 1670 as a resource for medical research, affiliated for many years with the Royal College of Physicians.
The garden was founded in the spring of 1670.

The Kal shifted back and the axe buried itself to the shaft in the ground.
Only the top of the axe was visible as the rest was burried.

Paul Wellstone of Minnesota is a pre-eminent Liberal Humanitarian.
Paul Wellstone comes from Minnesota and is married.

Since its first safety razor almost a century ago, Gillette has always conceived the actual razor mainly as an inducement for selling replacement blades.
Gillette believed that there was more money to be made by selling replacement blades.

The German and another were trying to force the door in.
The German and another person could not force the door in.

so i didn't learn much growing up and i just after i we bought the cars you know and things got so expensive to take them someplace all the time
I did not learn a lot back then, but I know more now.

We can all agree that older Oklahomans need medical care.
We can agree that older people need medical care because they are at risk.

Today, that process is still young but steadily evolving.
The process of creating new industry is still evolving.

The battle was over.
The battle between the north and south was finally over. 

On Friday, a group of residents filed a lawsuit against Pittsburgh, seeking damages for families who were displaced and sometimes forced to abandon their mobile homes because they couldn't afford to move them.
Residents sued Pittsburgh for housing violations against minorities.

They all confirmed my opinion.
My opinion of them was mostly negative.

i can understand why he he felt he needed to go over there on the other hand it's too bad that he couldn't use this i i i know that oil's real important to our life style but it's too bad he couldn't use this as
I can understand why he went to wear over oil. It's a huge commodity in America.

The Acid Rain Program is achieving its emission reduction goal at a fraction of the estimated costs because it allows and encourages innovative thinking and long range planning.
The Acid Rain Program got its goal by encouraging innovation among small businesses.

The Victorious Immune  Evolutionary biologists speculate that a hypersensitive immune system was needed back when parasites were ubiquitous and deadly.
The Victorious Immune Evolutionary biologists have published a paper on the evolution of parasites.

And, as I mentioned earlier, we are continuing to consolidate and reduce our field offices to streamline our operations, reduce silos, and improve productivity.
it is very hard to improve productivity in any meaningful way.

GAO transmits most draft reports for comment to agencies electronically in an agreed-upon format that protects the files from alteration.
Most draft reports that GAO transmits are not important at all, and might as well never reach their destination.

The central part of the Po valley is only a fraction of the Italian lands conquered by the Lombards when they crosed the Alps from eastern Europe in the early Middle Ages.
The areas on the east and west sides of the Po Valley were not conquered.

um i do mostly that um not very artistic really for like painting and stuff
I mostly just draw, I'm not very artistic.

that might make it easier
Calling him might make that easier

I have a lot to tell you."
I have much to say to you about my sister.

i don't know how long this conversation is supposed to go but we're at about five minutes i should think we've done enough
This conversation was capped at 5 minutes because I have to go save the word.

We all need to seize the momentum that has recently emerged-agencies must use existing authorities to strategically manage their people
The agencies are improving at managing people.

The SEC and several states are looking into these issues.
The SEC is spending more time looking into these issues than the states.

The Long-Term Budget Outlook.
This budget outlook was published by James Patterson. 

oh it does does it look like a lobster
Is it similar to a lobster?

Yes, we ought to get along together very well.
We share a lot of mutual friends that can introduce us.

three cats um i have a Bombay a Turkish Van and a Himalayan Persian
I got all my cats at the same time.

and when we broke things off actually we were supposed to get married when i got out of college so when we broke things off i quit crocheting it and i've never picked up a needle since then in fact i think it's still sitting in the top of the closet
We were engaged but broke up when we were 21.

 Teodoro spat.
Teodoro spat on the floor.

'For a laugh?'
What do I have to do to get you to laugh. 

agency to comment is determined on a facts-and-circumstances basis.
Which agency comments on the website is determined on the facts and circumstances.

yeah that and i think uh putting more emphasis on local handling of the problem i think this is something that that Bush came out and said in his uh in his address uh to the nation at the beginning of the year
Bush's address was good

One office saved $6,600 over about 33 months.
One office recycled paper in order to save money.

Connoisseurs wait for the set  the colorful parade of the courtesan, a poignant seppuku suicide, the exciting fight scenes, and summit of the art of kabuki the end of a love affair that the heroine must break off, perhaps to save her lover's honor, but never because she no longer loves him.
She doesn't love him anymore because he is cruel.

So I stayed flat on my back, breathing heavily with someone else's heart.
I wondered who the heart had belonged to.

We set to work to trace her out.
Five of us traced her out.

Her eyes, set wide apart, were hazel, a golden hazel that again recalled a memory of sunbeams.
Her golden, sunbeam eyes were inherited from her mother's side of the family. 

Kofukuji temple was the first of the Zen Buddhist temples built by the Chinese (1620) after the Tokugawa shoguns had outlawed Christianity and ordered citizens to register as Buddhists.
The Chinese built many more Zen Buddhist temples after the Kofukuji temple.

Further, it added the goal of improving its dissemination of environmental information and its other education efforts.
Other education efforts included CPR and fire safety training.

Men cried out in the camp as the whipmasters ran toward the confusion.
The people were crying out in fear. 

The policewoman followed.
The policewoman followed them to their lair.

yeah don't ever start  that's just the thing
Don't even start talking bad about him, that's the thing

'Coming from you, that means a lot.'
Your opinion is worth a lot when it comes to warfare.

He came out at dusk, walking tall and pulling down the corner of his leather three-corner hat.
He pulled down his big brown hat.

At ten o'clock, the two young men were at the appointed spot.
It was early in the morning when the two young men stood at the appointed spot.

T he online auction of models' eggs may be a fraud.
They were pretty certain it was a fake listing.

He concluded we should not trust easy assumptions, but instead treat them as empirical questions.
Easy assumptions are misleading.

Older women in the village still dress in colorful traditional costumes which the younger women and children wear on feast days.
Older women are the only ones allowed to wear traditional costumes on days other than feast days.

She's very polite, and she makes them feel like their contribution to the system is important.
She only has good manners when dealing with people involved in the system.

His name may be vanishing, but more than ever, he's everywhere.
Soon no one will speak his name. 

The Attic  is perhaps the most famous vintage store in America, owing to its feature in both a Visa commercial and on extreme sports network ESPN II.
The Visa commercial did the most to bring the store to the public's attention.

Jaffa Gate and the Cityel of David are in the Armenian Quarter, which has been inhabited by Armenians (the first nation to accept Christianity) since the early fourth century.
Armenians were more willing to accept Christianity since they did not have an established religion.

Most individual practitioners were--and still are--impeccably honest, devoted to their patients and incredibly hardworking.
My practitioners learned how to work hard because they had very good parents.

Among the oldest and most famous of the windows, on the southern side of the choir, is an enthroned Mary with Jesus on her lap, Notre-Dame de la Belle Verriyre.
There are also many windows beyond the southern side of the choir.

The greatest labor requirement occurs for FGD on a single unit (i.e.
FGD is a labor requirement for farm workers.

GAO designated strategic human capital management as a governmentwide high-risk area in January 2001 because of a long-standing lack of a consistent strategic approach to marshaling, managing, and maintaining the human capital needed for government to deliver on its promises.
The GAO cares about the well-being of humans.

22 "I must make my apologies," said the doctor. 
The doctor said he had to apologize for his secretary's behavior.

that's why i say did you stay up late to watch this Red Dwarf it came on after Doctor Who on Saturday nights here at least
Red Dwarf came on late Saturday nights all across the globe

If they did, they gave new meaning to the term silent majority.
The people who were the silent majority were truly completely silent.

They didn't starve, but they didn't thrive, either.
Even though there were many new initiatives to stimulate the economy, they still didn't thrive.

What he saw of the resources of this private fort led Drew to accept the other stories he had heard of the Range, like the one that Don Cazar's men practiced firing blindfolded at noise targets to be prepared for night raids.
He was able to picture it all in his mind easily.

pardon me oh i don't know there are better fields to pick
I want a better source.

FHWA implemented a balanced approach to managing its senior executive performance in response to its 1999 employee satisfaction survey.
Only the survey was responsible for bringing out the change.

But the demand for whale oil would decline steeply after 1859, with the discovery of oil in Pennsylvania and the start of the American Civil War in 1860.
The discovery of oil in Pennsylvania led others to believe that more oil could be found in its neighboring states.

A populist says that if you drop what is difficult in art, you can get more people to pay attention.
People like art better when it is simple.

He already has immortality.
He needs nothing else, now that he has achieved immortality.

Is there any way out of this morass?
Can I leave the morass right now?

well that's not of course that's not the total thing but that'd explain a lot of it and then uh i guess the drug thing is really uh become a an engine for crime here lately
Drugs have led to more crime here lately.

'Symbolism's good,' White shrugged.
White has given much consideration to whether or not symbolism is a good thing. 

 "Johnny wasn't the only boy at Glorieta.
Johnny was at Glorieta and he made friends there.

see i i agree with that yeah
That's right. 

As long as the Coen brothers continue to please their audience, they have earned the right to be free of the discipline Ross imagines will spring from having studio executives second-guess their every move.
The Coen brothers make blockbuster movies.

The same amount was appropriated in FY 2000.
The FY 2000 is a type of stock on the stock market.

Some one who might bar that door on them, and leave them to die like rats in a trap? 
There was a trap set for them.

FDA found that all Class II and III devices, even those devices from firms with excellent past records, should be covered because their failure could adversely affect public health.
Class III devices were added in the last second due to last minute findings.

It made Jon gag.
Jon threw up a lot because of it. 

Well, so long.
It seems that the time has come to finally bid farewell to this place, after so many years.

We don't feel like we have any options,' said Maria Figeroa, 54, a member of the lettuce crew reportedly overcome by pesticide drift in Olathe.
There were many members of the lettuce crew who disagreed with Ms. Figeroa.

estimated demand and supply equations for agricultural commodities produced in the United States.
The Supply and Demand equations for crops are very relevant as they determine much of the food structure in the US. 

You'll find the city's characteristic arcaded palazzi along the Via Zamboni leading past the university to the Pinacoteca Nazionale.
The university is older than the Pinacoteca Nazionale.

Like Elche and Orihuela, Murcia has been a rich oasis since Moorish times.
Its marketplace is famous for lavish goods.

APHIS cites as statutory authorization for this rule 7 U.S.C.
The rule 7 U.S.C. contains other authorizations for other groups.

The crowd's silence hung in the air.
The crowd was stunned into silence by the sight before them.

and ours actually are mailed there uh  they're the i think the largest and they do a lot of the government contractors they have an excellent excellent rate um
They have an excellent rate and quickest turnaround time.

it might be
I am not sure.

The result is that L.A. is a place without a geographic heart, but with lots of soul.
L.A. is made up of people from all backgrounds.

CREDIT PROGRAM -For the purpose of this Statement, a federal program that makes loans and/or loan guarantees to nonfederal borrowers.
Housing programs for veterans are a popular type of credit program.

They abandoned the discreet reticence of "private inquiry agents," and revealed to him the whole history of the joint venture, whereat the young man declared himself "tickled to death." He turned to Tuppence at the close of the narration.
The story was supposed to be kept discreet from everyone.

But I don't understand how one would believe that this change that I am describing is only about gated communities, or a side-by-side network.
I am not only describing instances in gated communities. 

That was before we killed their king and broke their spirit in the wars twelve years ago.
The king was killed fighting for his people. 

An Edokko craftsman would rather lose a commission than take any guff from a customer who doesn't know good work when he sees it.
Edokko craftsmen have a price on their values when it comes to their work.

'What about me?'
'What was said about me?'

At Tabgha is the Church of the Multiplication of the Loaves and Fishes, where it is said that Jesus fed the multitudes.
Tabgha is located in Jerusalem or somewhere in Israel.

well that's pretty um i've talked about camping with someone i've talked about the weather
I've talked about camping with someone, but only as long as the weather is good. 

The emperor's role today is mainly symbolic, not unlike that of a modern European monarch.
The role of the emperor in Japan is the same as a European monarch.

and i know some of the i know those people i i mean i know they're people too and i know they deserve to have food to eat and water to drink
Those people should have food but it shouldn't be fancy cuisine.

we still of course are maintaining our home and he keeps up the painting and and all of this and we did remodel we have a large uh den i suppose it is kitchen den combination and we did remodel that after
The contractor keeps up on the painting and we maintain everything else.

compost pile i haven't been very successful i'm on my third year now and i still have a a pile in the back yard and it it doesn't decompose i guess i got
I am interested in the decomposition of the pile

Victor Schoelcher, the philanthropist who donated most of the library's books, is credited with abolishing slavery here.
Victor Schoelcher donated over one thousand books to the library. 

The calculation uses all of a program's LSC funding, even though LSC programs provide services to eligible clients that do not meet the definition of a closed case, as previously detailed.
Funding calculation have been becoming cumbersome for total scrutiny. 

Estimated Annual Boilermaker Demand Created by the Clear Skies Act ...
The Clear Skies Act is causing a undue increase in demand for boilermakers, an unintended consequence.

2 Legal inquiry vs. political  Most journalists who think Clinton is doomed assume that he eventually has to tell the truth about his relationship with Lewinsky.
Clinton struggled with telling the truth about his relationship with Lewinsky.

The expenditures for scenario C decline even further as reduced demand continues to lower both the level generation and the unit cost of that generation compared to scenario A. Scenario D, on the other hand, actually shows a decline in total expenditures by 2015.
The expenditures decrease by 25%.

There is a Creole patois, heavily influenced by immigrants from Haiti, but it's essentially based on French.
The Creole patois is so similar to French that native French speakers usually understand it.

to beat people up
To attack innocent people violently.

what was the reason why somebody was trying to find out all that stuff
There has to be a good reason for them to want to know that.

Other suggestions by participants included moving toward more principle-based accounting rules to provide more substance versus form in reporting.
The previous reports were all about structure and very hard to read.

Like McCarthy, other Republicans like to pilfer their glory from the field of battle.
McCarthy never served in the army.

were situated.
Situated on

you know it's interesting um-hum
I am willing to learn more about the topic.

The Costa Blanca is crossed by principal migration routes and holds considerable, often unsuspected, bird life.
More than fifty different species of birds have been documented in this area.

When ordering, it is customary to be taken to the kitchen to look at the various dishes you will find printed menus only in tourist restaurants.
Native restaurants also have printed menus available.

The abbreviated time frame would force many generators to make these retrofits simultaneously.
The short time frame would force generators to make retrofits at the same time.

They've got some kind of trouble with the sky.
The sky shouldn't look like that, they seem to be having trouble with it.

I tried to ask myself what the real Franklin would do...but the truth was, I didn't have a clue.
The real Franklin was better equipped to handle this than I was. 

But Garry Wills says in the New York Review of Books that [i]n his mad zeal to destroy Camelot ...
Garry Wills wrote a great review in the New York Review of Books. 

Twittering in the shrubbery of its 21 sq km (8 sq miles) are countless thousands of yellow-breasts, red-throats, and hummingbirds.
There are only three species of birds who live in this area.

 The room seemed normal enough, in spite of the odd smells.
The room smelled from the dead flowers in the vase.

Activated carbon is traded on a global basis and there is currently substantial excess capacity that can readily provide for this increase in demand.
Too much carbon is causing global warming.

USAT , the LAT , and the NYT all go front page with the news that choke-out thug Latrell Sprewell was given his gazillion dollar contract back by an arbitrator.
Sprewell won his arbitration and got $40 million.

Bradley accuses Gore of poisoning the atmosphere with divisiveness.
Gore was accused of divisionism by his opponent.

For part of a second, it hovered over the empty camp.
it was above the camp for some time.

On Thursday , Fox offers The World's Most Shocking Medical Videos (9 p.m.) and The Learning Channel profiles the sickos who kill leaders in Shadow of the Assassin -- complete with fast-paced footage of famous assassinations, President Clinton's head, and repeated gun-shot sound effects.
The World's Most Shocking Medical Videos is Fox channel's highest rated show.

'Wait! It's me! Ben Franklin! I, uh surrender?'
Ben Franklin was happy to say that.

Well, we're city folk now, and our foes wear deodorant.
Their enemies smelled and needed deodorant. 

Somehow I do.
On paper there's no reason for me to go along with this.

The fall of the castle to crusaders in 1147 proved crucial in the Reconquest of Portugal from the Moors.
THe castle fell to an angry mob of 2000 crusaders.

I watched my parents struggle to get my brother the services he needed, said Mr. Rothenberg, 37, who is now executive director for New York Lawyers. 
My brother had Down's Syndrome and it was hard for him to get services.

After a few skirmishes, the Catalonian troops were ready to deal the death blow.
The war took many years to reach this point.

Therefore, the mechanical interface between the ACI system and the boiler is through the duct walls, and high-pressure boiler tubing will not be affected by the retrofit of ACI.
The mechanical interface is sufficient for mounting.

For some patients, the ED visit is the only contact with the medical care system.
Some patients will only seek medical care in emergency situations.

The barber trimmed the tufts from over Dave's ears and clipped the hair in his nose, while a tray was pushed up and a slatternly blonde began giving him a manicure.
Dave hadn't asked for a haircut, but he was getting one anyways.

The accuracy of a test can be measured in several ways.
They were looking to make sure the test was accurate.

You'll also see plenty of yachts, but cruise ships rarely enter; Philipsburg gets nearly all of them.
Philipsburg is more popular with tourists due to its attractions.

When single father Thurman Williams needed help filling out papers in a custody suit recently, he didn't look to his lawyer for help.
He felt it would be best to do it on his own in the end.

By the Early Bronze Age (c. 3200 b.c.  2200 b.c. ), people had begun fortifying their towns, building temples and palaces, and founding the first city-states.
The fortified towns was necessary due to the constant need to protect from those looking to raid and steal.

yeah i do walk some too my wife's about five months along so she's been walking quite a bit so that that is a good exercise for that
My wife and I walk together at times.

Under his direction, Hong Kong began its march toward prosperity.
Hong Kong became prosperous because he invested a lot in rice and goods.

Changes can be noted by recording arrival and departure times directly on an employee's time sheet, recording arrival and departure times on a centrally maintained timein/timeout log used by many employees, or noting the number of hours and minutes of the deviation in a record that the supervisor maintains.
An employee's time sheet is made out of aluminum foil.

Finding his forces outnumbered and overextended here, the young prince beat a tactical retreat, but the English army hounded him relentlessly.
The young prince was left with no choice but to divide his forces in the hopes of confusing the English army.  

The Balanced Budget Act of 1997 requires that all proceeds from auctions be deposited in the U.S.
The Act is in place to protect U.S. interests.

The two most successful stories here, That I Had the Wings and Flying Home, are less self-conscious than A Coupla Scalped Indians.
The two most successful stories here are less self-conscious than the other, said the critics.

In the third century b.c. , Ashoka founded the first monastery in the town of Rajgir, which became a center of learning under the Gupta kings 600 years later.
Ashoka founded the first monastery to educate peasant children.

i tell you getting back to the benefits
Let's get back to the financial benefits.

The man's blue eyes watched Adrin as Adrin's eyes scanned over the man's clothes.
The man stared at Adrin.

It is wrong on the law because there is utterly no precedent for the novel and facially implausible proposition that the First Amendment has anything to do with government funding that- though it does not actually abridge anyone's speech- distorts an existing medium of expression.
There are solid reasons why this is against the law.

These concerns are among the reasons that the pay gap has never been fully addressed.
The pay gap has not been fully addressed because of bias.

so i found that when i had a uh wooded lot that i needed to put a lot of lime out
The soil in my wooded lot was very acidic.

The interest they receive should therefore be classified in the same way as the interest received by other revolving funds, which is exchange revenue.
The interest the receive totals about a hundred thousand dollars annually.

wow so you don't get a chance to to spend much time with him then until when he comes home
I might go up to visit him if I want to see him.

and the new place doesn't have air conditioning and has gas heating so it's going to be i know it's going to be cheaper
Air conditioning costs a lot of money so not having it will save money. 

Wherever there was a blank acanvas' there was decorative entrances, walls, floors, and pottery.
The windows were as decorative as the entrances.

Collaborative care has the potential to benefit both emergency department and mental health professionals.
Collaborative care is a strategy that patients feel safer with.

The regular season lasts from 1 March to 15 November, with the exception of holiday periods; the low season excludes Hanukkah/Christmas.
The low season is from November to March and is $100 cheaper.

However, the Irish church with its Celtic cultural base developed differently from the emerging Christian world in Europe and was eventually superseded by Rome and its centralized administration.
The Irish church had a Celtic base when they showed up on the boat.

Oversized statues of the apostles in white marble are stationed around the rotunda, and seven richly ornamented chapels fan out from the center.
The statues carved from white marble took a long time to make.

Economist George Gilder now speaks of America's cities as centers of value subtraction--parasites that suck social and economic vitality from the rest of the country.
America's cities are harmful to the economic health of the country.

Each provided a perspective on developing a vision, setting goals and determining strategies for achieving access to a full range of civil legal services.
There is more than one perspective for achieving access for civil legal services, and they can all be correct.

and that's scary
It's the scariest thing about it.

Kim, I have this problem and I need your help.
My problem is quite personal, so please keep it private.

The consolidation of legal services agencies for the poor may improve efficiency, but won't increase the number of clients served, a rural legal specialist in South Texas says.
Efficiency will be improved.

there how was i'm wondering i'm really not that familiar i know there're some good places to go camping along the uh the lakes
Along the lakes is a nice place to camp because there are a lot of fish to catch and trails to hike. 

The Garden Grove woman answered a series of questions to create and print a form to file with the court.
The woman printed a form to file for child support.

they're not a slug not a
They're a ground worm. 

In all probability she was still in the neighbourhood of South Audley Mansions.
She is purposefully trying to avoid us.

no that that's true i i understand that France still owes us money from World War I
The debt is quickly piling up interest.

yeah i i have to do that i want to make some flowerbeds and i'm going to have a seven yard truck come in
The seven yard truck will be the way I deliver the resources here.

The building cost much more than the budget allocated for it at the time but is, as a result, a truly spectacular monument.
The building is in the center of the city.

The generation that follows will find its own craze.
The generation will fall in its own footsteps.

But by the time Avis' employees bought the company, the new thinking was that there was no better way of encouraging their creativity and dedication.
The creativity of the Avis' employees increased after the purchase of the company.

a child who is obviously very ready and another child who doesn't even speak English let alone know her colors
Both children know how to count their numbers.

Before the Subcommittee on the Legislative Branch, Committee on Appropriations,
No branch is relevant.

you know we enjoy that kind of stuff i can't it's hard to believe that nobody can be any more creative than that that can't be the problem it must be the marketing pressures and
There is not much creative things to watch on TV these days.

right peas i i got a few peas out my garden a couple of days ago the first one they started them indoors this time i read it and so i
I got a few peas out of my garden, they were bad.

you know he'd uh never seem to be able to keep his guys healthy and then even like uh what is it Eric Dickerson left the team you know that you're right you know like people were jumping ship right and left
There were six total people that left the team.

As they have observed better, more efficient and more innovative ways of doing business, new procedures have been adopted.
Better ways to do business exist 

Oh, don't rate the lad, said the Industrialist's wife.
The lad was afraid of being rated and the Industrialist's wife was defending him.

Although Scotland was still a separate kingdom, the two countries would from that day be ruled by the same monarch.
Scotland wanted to be united with England. 

and i want to sit on the front row when it happens i want to be there i want to watch it you know and you can't blame her for feeling that vindictive you know i mean
She is vindictive about it because she will never get her loved one back.

The SBA has not objected to this procedure.
The procedure was favorable to the SBA.

Similarly, another industry CIO told us that he provides IT training through a program that pays new employees 50 percent of their salaries while they attend school.
Providing training to the employees is crucial because they will be able to provide better services.

The same trends in the world economy that cry out for reform are themselves weakening the hand of the reformers.
Reforming these trends should be the top priority of the reformers.

If I really own my modem, then I must have an unqualified right to dial up anywhere, any time, and suck in whatever is out there to be sucked.
If I do not own a modem, then I am just stupid.  

Exhibits 15 and 16 present the results of these sensitivity analyses for 2010 and 2020, respectively.
Exhibit 16 contained results that were more informative than exhibit 15.

How can I convince you?Of what? What would you have us do?"Flee.
The person thought they should flee or be killed.

jewish now blacks and i guess i i guess Iraqi now is the
There are different ethnic groups that are protected.

'We can't go through that.'
That is too hard to make it through.

okay uh it usually serves six
It usually serves six, sometimes even eight.

Often shrouded in mist, the two-lane road hugs the jagged coast and climbs the mountainside, clinging precariously to a narrow ledge.
The mist makes it hard for adventurers to access the roads.

no there's plenty of money in the system it's just
No, the school system has over $100,000 in it right now, but...

I said that I reckoned a car like that was worth every penny of twenty thousand dollars.
I believed that car was worth around ten thousand. 

I shut my eyes and pretended to be still unconscious, but I was afraid they'd hear the beating of my heart.
I was worried that they might hurt me further

The red colour was ebbing out of his face.
His face turned white.

With the papacy in comfortable exile in Avignon since 1309, the brutal rule of the Orsini and Colonna families reduced Rome to a half-urban, half-rural backwater village.
The papacy brought with it more peace.

In addition to its high service levels, First Class offers free forwarding and is sealed (legally protected) against inspection.
First Class is the first choice of government entities who are sending materials by mail.

By instituting such a management framework, agencies can strengthen their current security posture, facilitate future system and process improvement efforts, and more confidently take advantage of technology advances.
Such a management framework is more cost effective and gives the agency extra flexibility.

Alongside the garden, the Church of All Nations is best seen in the afternoon when the sun's rays bounce off the brilliant mosaic facade.
The Church of All Nations has a blue and red mosaic facade. 

yeah well well we live we live really close to Lake Champlain which is in the Champlain Valley so we're a little we're about two weeks ahead of everyone else out on the outskirts so
Lake Champlain is large enough to affect the weather.  

 "My grandson Bork told me all that," he said.
"I don't need you to explain everything to me," he said.

However, a serious concern exists over whether audit committee members are focusing more on procedural matters to protect
There is however a serious concern over whether all the audit committee members are more focused on procedural matters.

It's the new One World, and its pseudosophisticated anthem is You're the Top.
The anthem is called "You're the Top", but people should be careful about it.

Arrangements were made for the pianist daughter of IOC vice president Kim Un Yong to rehearse with the Berlin Philharmonic when Berlin was seeking the 2000 Games.
Kim Un Yong's daughter enjoyed playing with the Berlind Philharmonic.

Although recognizing the difficulties, assumptions and inherent uncertainties in the overall enterprise, these analyses are based on peer-reviewed scientific literature and up-to-date assessment tools, and we believe the results are highly useful in assessing this proposal.
The analyses were conducted by college graduates. 

I want them to see it themselves.
I think they need to witness the horror themselves.

Considering Work of Other Auditors
This is about to what degree auditors should be influenced by the work of other auditors.

then it started to rain so we didn't get too wet but uh it rained just for a little bit then went on and so after all that was over we put them all back up and woke up a little late the next morning but uh when we finally got back from that that outing one of the uh parents of one of the kids had asked how it went and said that he was listening to the the radio and they clocked a ninety sev en mile an hour winds on the dam right in front of that lake and there's really nothing to stop it it's uh thirty or forty miles wide it's a huge uh
The rain was very heavy but only went on for a few minutes.

you you don't have a choice you know if you if you need to have a car then you have no choice and uh
If you have to have a car, then you have to buy one unless you can take the bus.

Government-developed or government-modified tools are available free of
Government-modified tools can be obtained free of charge.

What is your plan?
What will be your game plan for Friday? 

But he never asks whether lawsuits and rights are the only way to prevent these bad things.
He never asks if they are the only way to not make bad things happen, said the news.

When the American diplomat who supervises the international peace monitors in Kosovo accused Serb police of the massacre, the Yugoslav (i.e.
The American diplomat publicly blamed Serbia for allowing the massacre to occur.

Ireland became  the light of the known world,  sending its saints and scholars out all over Europe.
Ireland sent its scholars all over Europe to study physics.

yeah yeah right a victim not only of indirectly of the crime but also indirectly by that indirect involvement it's just it's it's ridiculous
A victim from the indirect involvement by the government.

well i really can't think of anything else
I can't think of anything else I want to discuss.

You can hire boats here to take a morning or full day out at sea for sport fishing or just a relaxing jaunt.
The boats here are powered by electric motors and run very quietly.

If we stay together, we can kill them all.
We will kill them with their own weapons. 

Its northern deserts were a battleground in the Egypt-Israeli conflicts of the 1950s and 1960s, and it was occupied by Israel for many months before it passed permanently back into Egypt's hands with the treaty of 1979.
The Egypt-Israeli conflicts were bloody and many people died.

In practice, they tend to make wild claims about the former and ignore the latter.
They tend to exaggerate about the former and totally ignore the latter, and it just makes a mess of the whole situation.

like three hours
Three hours and five minutes, to be exact.

That will be impossible, I fear, said Sir James.
Sir James didn't think it was possible to surrender the war.

well they actually understood it is in America where it was hard  Latin you know
I don't think they understood how it would be here. 

The park is at its liveliest in the summer, when music festivals and the popular Cinema en Plein Air (outdoor cinema) take place.
The park was rated as the third most beautiful park in the world last year.

They had caught scent of the fires below, and the blood.
They had caught the scents from the fires below and the blood from their enemies.

There was a tremor in his voice, and he had gone very pale. 
He was pale, and his voice was shaking, but he pushed forward with his plan regardless. 

And when they do, said the Industrialist, energetically, "I will keep my part of the agreement.
The Industrialist had an agreement with the kids.

well i remember uh thinking i think it was the last time i did hear that we get about the average maybe even a little more a day or so more than the average
During winter we get less than the daily average.

I asked again where I was, and then went on that there was something I MUST remember MUST remember only for the moment it was all gone.
I knew that I had to remember, but I just could not.

Is in the hands of Mr. Brown, sir.
In the hands of the best farmer, Mr. Brown.

yeah well that's very smart yeah me too and good luck how many have you made so far calls
Have you made your quota of calls yet?

And hindsight is easy.
Hindsight is easy in hindsight.

Traditional, labor-intensive methods and quality are still respected in Madeira.
Most adults in Madeira are employed in very specific crafts that only they are experts in.

The demolition of the citadel was a half-hearted job, however, and there's plenty left to see today, from ramparts and castle walls to ruined chapels, stone stairways, and quaint cobbled streets.
The citadel demolition is popular, regardless of the half-hearted job. 

The taste of bile hung in his throat.
He ate something that was spoiled.

Equally lacking in wisdom, however, are analyses such as Allen's, which only evaluate taxes' macroeconomic consequences while ignoring completely the effects they have on individuals.
Allen evaluates taxes' consequences on the local economy.

Commercial companies understand the importance of capturing design and manufacturing knowledge early in product development, when costs to identify problems and make design changes to the product are significantly cheaper.
Companies make changes to products often when the cost to make change is cheaper.

uh you do for classes for classes but to i mean to use any of the facilities is is no extra charge
Children are welcome to use the facilities too.

so they're you know they hadn't really distinguished it's just a movie you know i try to say it's just a movie but no mama i've seen it
I know I have seen it before.

easily yeah yeah and then if you want popcorn and stuff it's just i mean uh it's incredible
The popcorn is made with unicorn dust.

Six km (31?a2 miles) more bring you to the Valencia-Alicante highway near Ondara.
On the highway, it is only ten minutes more to Ondara.

But that cannot go on much longer.
Racism can't continue for long.

The 1260 carving of biblical themes has clear links to French Gothic sculpture, while drawing on models from Roman and Etruscan sarcophagi a Herculean Daniel and a Mary inspired by heads of Juno and Phaedra.
1260 was a great year for other things besides elaborate carvings.

At the sight of Tommy, Julius's eyes seemed as though they would pop out of his head.
Julius was so in love with Tommy that even his eyes felt like they were popping out of his head when he looked at Tommy.

The Globe reports that comic Pauly Shore is terrified that his missing puppy has been eaten by coyotes, while Brad Pitt forces his overweight mutt to work out on a treadmill for 30 minutes a day.
Pauly Shore's puppy was found in a confused state in a nearby park by bystanders.

Possibly the finest criminal brain of the age.
Probably the most deft criminal brains of the decade.

Our Today's Papers column will be posted Friday (but not Thanksgiving Day).
As Thanksgiving Day is a holiday for everyone, the column will simply be posted twice in the following week.

A good place to start exploring is the bustling Umeda area, containing Japan Railways Osaka Station, three subway stations, and two private railway stations.
Umeda subway stations are open 24 hours a day.

The New CityBeyoGlu
Beyo Glu is one of the smallest towns in the country.

In the confusion I slipped away, offering silent thanks to Gods and lizards alike.
I offered thanks to God and also to the horses. 

Update on the campaign-finance  1) The Democratic money scandal is converging with the Teamsters scandal.
They both were in the wrong.

Increased public perception of the legal justice system as successful in providing Equal Justice.
Equal justice is guaranteed when public perception is increased.

Did Albright not wonder why this cousin was living with them in London, or what had happened to her parents?
It was odd that Albright didn't consider what happened to the parents?

So, why would a clone be different?
A clone might be different because life experience is a major factor.

Occasional hurricanes can spoil the idyllic climate and contribute to this  laid back   Jamaicans are aware that circumstances can suddenly alter dramatically and yet life will always carry on.
Hurricanes can crop up and destroy homes in Jamaica at least once a year.

and they have a new uh system that they're trying to promote here which is uh they don't bag it as they call it um
This new mechanism without bagging that they want people to know about will bring in millions for the company.

here if you get someone who's very good at selecting it's okay but sometimes they kind of get on a a a binge and they play the same sort of thing over and over again without really necessarily quality
Sometimes they play the same thing over and over again and I really like that. 

The house now incorporates the restored ballrooom, a restaurant overlooking the gardens, an exhibition on the history of the estate, a crafts shop, and a garden center.
The government paid to restore the ballroom.

that's true i agree with that um i i noticed yesterday in the paper something said that it i think it's been nominated for twelve awards and and all the critics initially said that you know it wouldn't go anywhere that it was just gonna be a dud so it it has surprised everybody
One of the nominations is for Best Musical Score.

yeah yeah that's the first thing i thought of i don't know
That is the very first thing I thought of when you askd that.

The apparent going premium of 50 percent for a targeted ad on the Internet suggests that Internet advertising may be as likely to reduce total ad spending as to increase it.
Ad spending has a tendency to fluctuate over time.

(One found that country-music lovers had higher suicide rates, but subsequent research disputes these results.)
A research states that county-music lovers had higher suicide rates, said the news.

The volatile and fascinating history of the whole area means that no two islands are identical, although similarities do exist.
The ever changing area creates dramatically different islands with some shared features.

right and talk to them  and yell at them
Shout at them to finish the job.

Not far from Mount Herzl is the powerful complex of Yad Vashem, dedicated to the memory of the millions of Jews murdered by the Nazis.
Yad Vashem contains a tribute to Oskar Schindler.

After a bit of pottering about, I found it on the bedside table.
The book was found on the table by the bed. 

There is no way around it, said American Cancer Society Vice President Steve Dickinson.
Steve Dickinson said that any other way would have been a fruitless waste of time.

This isn't the right crowd, this isn't the right gig.'
The band soon realized once nobody seemed interested in their music that this was not the right event, nor was it the right crowd of people that they were meant to play for that night.

His face was working curiously. 
He found it to be fascinating.

Pizza, Mr. President?
Do you want to order Dominos, Mr. President?

Nestling at the foot of its ruined castle, the pretty medieval town of Kaysersberg is widely known as the birthplace of Nobel Peace Prize winner Albert Schweitzer (1875 1965).
Albert Schweitzer was a humanitarian but had not set his sights on receiving the Nobel Peace Prize. 

last night i did  about thirty minutes of riding a bike and a few like three different types of uh uh weight lifting for my legs and and my hips
As part of my exercise plan I spent a half hour riding the bike yesterday evening and then worked with weights to shape up my lower body.

The Mus??e des Beaux-Arts (in the Cours d'Albert) includes works by Veronese, Perugino, Rubens, and Van Dyck, as well as major paintings by Delacroix and Matisse.
Lines to enter the museum are long in the summertime.

'This door is also hidden.'
The door is concealed by the curtain.

Had Mrs. Inglethorp discovered something between her and Bauerstein, and threatened to tell her husband? 
If the husband found out he would be very angry.

When I appeared in this committee room a little over two months ago, he said (mournful as the Walrus in Through the Looking Glass ), it was merely to analyze the [Starr report] referral and to report to you.
He said I should analyze the Starr report and report on it or television.

Yes, but, the cup being completely smashed, there is no possibility of analyzing its contents. 75 This concluded Dr. 
Since he dropped the cup and broke it we can't figure out what was in it.

, International Capital  Developments, Prospects, and Key Policy Issues (Washington, D.C.: International Monetary Fund, September 2000), pp. 9-10.
The International Monetary Fund wasn't able to publish this report sooner due to prior publication commitments.

some people do i know
I do know some people

And it's your time, not mine,' the production manager was half-shouting, which was typical of him during very bad days coming after very good days.
The production manager told me that it was my turn to take out the trash because he had just done it. 

Legal Aid has about 25 staff members in its Harlem office, currently located on the sixth and seventh floors of the Hotel Theresa.
The office in Harlem plans on hiring more people in the coming months.

And Topham's face was sober when he had finished.
Topham was shocked by what he had just heard.

yeah right after they started i guess the other uh businesses lost money and they all began doing the same thing
After they started, all the business flocked to them and the other businesses almost went bankrupt for awhile.

About Clinton we don't know.
We are still trying to understand Clinton's plan for healthcare.

It turns out that Mr. Ed, the talking horse, died of a drug overdose.
Mr. Ed died from an overdose of heroin.

The Community Foundation program is primarily for well- established nonprofits that may need assistance to take the organization to another level of performance, said foundation executive director Gid Smith.
The Community Foundation is for nonprofits that need help improving the organization's service performance.

well as long as you're not eating meat um it's to be kosher the meat would have to be kosher
The meat would have to be kosher, but kosher meat is three times as expensive as regular meat.

uh-huh oh i liked Platoon it was all right but i didn't see Wall Street
 I didn't see Wall Street but I saw Platoon and it was okay but very long.

Meanwhile, some of the banks that have reduced interest rates to IOLTA also charge higher activity fees to IOLTA.
The changed fees result in higher net costs in most cases.

EPA has solicited comments on the proposed information collection requirements to be sent to both EPA and OMB for consideration during the approval process.
The EPA has asked for comments on the information collection requirements for the website.

The result is a vivid picture showing that the strong bonds that developed in those fabled neighborhoods of yore were kindled by conditions that we might find discomforting today--fear of authority, lack of choice, and poverty.
The result is a beautiful picture that shows how strong the bonds are in the neighborhood in Queens.

(Click to learn more about the surprising Islamic origins of this argument and what Ludwig Wittgenstein had to say about it.)
The origins are very old and widespread. 

The Slate Diary for Memorial Day week will be written by Beck.
Famed musician Beck will be writing The Slate Diary next week. 

oh okay okay i just i can i just let me ask you one more question where do you ski
Where do you ski? That's my final question.

She's a hostage, that's what she is.
She's a hostage taken by the mob.

Since the Bronze Age, donkeys and mules have provided a means of transport; around the same time, the first olives and vines were planted in the ground.
Donkeys were used to transport olives in the bronze age.

Many of these goals have been met and others continue as work in progress.
Ten of the fifteen goals have been completed thus far.

Some of these effects are acute in nature, and some are longer-term and could take many years to manifest.
Some of the effects are very minor and some are life threatening.  

An FGD system is installed farther downstream in the plant, after the ESP.
The FGD system is complicated to install.

She shrieked out a phrase of keening command.
She told everyone to shut up.

Never mind.
It's none of your business.

yeah really if it landed on her pillow beside her if she had uh just rolled over
It was a fluffy kitten and she deserved the pillow.

The auditor will be trying to determine whether a project will result in a specified product or level of performance and will be delivered at a specified time and cost.
This project took a team of auditors to determine if the product or the level of performance with meet the set deadlines.

The standards will take effect in the year 2000 and will ultimately result, according to EPA, in a more than 60-percent reduction in oxides of nitrogen from locomotives.
The result of the reduced oxides of nitrogen are expected to be better for the environment.

Not Kassandra, but Damonna, that singer.
Damonna's voice could floor anyone who heard it.

Then she gave a curious movement of her shoulders, rather as a terrier shakes himself.
She moved her shoulders in a funny way.

Graffiti written by Russian soldiers can be seen in the caves of Antiparos.
Russian soldiers wrote notes for their comrades on the walls of caves. 

LSC representation of aliens is limited to certain classes of aliens who broadly may be described as lawful permanent residents, prospective lawful permanent residents and one specific group of temporary, nonimmigrants.
The LSC represents aliens who are lawful residents, and also enjoy chai tea. 

The American Bar Association and state and local bar associations have worked tirelessly to bring legal services to more and more people.
The American Bar Association prioritizes increasing access to legal services for disadvantaged communities.

requirements for periodic reviews, managementRequired oversight, and configuration management.
They review the requirements every month.

Myriad fishing boats bob in the water, their catches making the short journey across the wide Corniche (sea-front highway) to supply the day's menus at local seafood restaurants.
They need to cross a river to get to Corniche.

Adams suggested a simple rule for behavior while representing  Mean what you say, say what you mean, and don't do it in a mean way, he said.
The rule Adams suggested was a good one to follow in all parts of life.

 Hanson checked the rigging with half his mind, while the other half raced in a crazy circle of speculation.
Hanson had to figure out what would happen to him. 

Now, let's get down to it.
Now, let's cut the chase. 

so even some aspects of recycling
Even some aspects of recycling can harm the earth in a bad way.

The last echo of my old life, blown away.
After my motorcycle accident, my life was totally changed. 

Reviewers call it pretentious and filled with inaccurate references to theoretical physics, Walt Whitman, and the Kabbalah.
Reviewers said all the historical information was wrong.

So far, Asher said, Colorado Legal Services has been able to attract the talent it needs.
Colorado Legal Services is afraid it will lose its ability to attract talent as it grows.

The CV-based estimates of VSL collectively may better represent the population affected by pollution than the labor market studies.
Labor market studies more accurately represent the populations affected by pollution than any other data.

It is currently unknown whether there is a time lag -- a delay between changes in PM exposures and changes in mortality rates -- in the chronic PM/mortality relationship.
There is a time lag.

They help ensure that actions are taken to address risks.
They make sure the actions address the risk of forest fires.

A bit of Western investment could stabilize these promising countries.
The west can be a good influence on countries. 

the cost of delivery and the benefits received by the mailer, the letter-size piece might be a more efficient piece for the nation as a whole, but the mailer will not make the change unless a rate differential is offered.
The letter-size is the most efficient piece for the nation.

yeah i know it's been bothering me a lot but yeah i think normally i think the weather overall has been um probably like you said probably a little bit warm and  so
The warmth in the weather is of great convenience. 

uh-huh i i always enjoy watching this Dallas the Dallas and Pittsburgh together you know
I like watching Pittsburgh and Dallas play in the NFL. 

uh-huh uh that's supposed to be really cold weather in the winter that's why New York gets so cold because it's so close to Canada
Canada affects weather on the east coast. 

um well you talked about uh volcanos i'm not sure how many active volcanos there are now and and what the amount of material that they do uh put into the atmosphere  i think probably the greatest cause is uh vehicles
Human activities are the greatest cause of global warming.

and you and you laughed all the way to the bank
And you made a lot of profit from that deal.

Integration, advance knowledge, and certainty regarding environmental requirements will have even greater value over the coming decade as the electric power industry undergoes further structural changes.
This is because the value of the regulations wil lbe dependent upon the type of power being generated.

Temperate and spontaneous fun sounds like something one might have to do in a work camp.
Work camps can be fun.

The resort sits on the east side of the wide bay, with the cruise port on the west.
The resort's position along the bay's east side allows visitors to enjoy great views of the sunrise each morning.

All these were companies that KKR had owned for an extended period of time during which all had expanded, improved productivity, and--in the case of Duracell--benefited from increases in R &amp; D spending.
It improved because great attention from the CEOs was placed on the company.

no no i'm married
No, I have a husband.

These are not included in the conventional NIPA measures but are related to long-term productive capacity.
Productive capacity is related to economic growth.

Since the 16th century, the town has had the exclusive privilege of providing Rome with its palm fronds for the Sunday before Easter.
The Sunday before Easter is a large religious ceremony.

how we have given arms to uh Nicaragua and to other places in Latin America and that those might turn around and haunt us someday i mean not not to this large scale as Iraq but that whenever we give arms to people
I hope that we have learned our lesson and will stop doing this.

you know we've got um well like i say i know that there are some type of programs that they have available for a youth like teenagers to go and do um work in the national parks and work in uh neighborhoods to do um clean up and that sort of thing but i don't know what organization it's under i don't know if it's a government run or if it's a private
The programs are effective for youth development.

but then i have to wait for my tomatoes have to go in here in the next couple of weeks
I'm not sure on the exact date that I need to add my tomatoes here.

But it was settled by the principal Labour leaders, and we cannot seem to interfere too much.
The matter was debated about until settled. 

Basically, we used the productivity assumption underlying CBO's January 2001, 10-year budget projections.
CBO's 20 year budget projections were way off

Comments filed electronically in relation to the HHS administrative simplification initiative were stored automatically in a database, and the comments were then publicly available via the initiative's web site.
More than 300 comments were stored in the database.

This 17-story tower, perched on one of the best stretches of Waikiki oceanfront, is more deluxe than most Outrigger and related Ohana hotels.
It has 17 stories and an amazing view of black sand beaches.

Ecological multi-drillo-screwdriver!' Felicjan, the father, said suddenly when he saw a promotional kit with a set of 'three lifetimes guarantee' drill bits.
Felicjan was annoyed by the advertised 'three lifetimes guarantee'.

there's there's very little room for or very little time to handle all the different things you'd like to know about a candidate and then unfortunately after you do get some of that information you may find out it weren't true to begin with  so
I do not have the time that I would like to research more about local politics.

C., opened the case for the Crown. 
The crown was thankful that the case was unlocked for it.

According to the policy, a system must be demonstrated before the department will commit to production.
Many demonstrations must be completed on a system before productions begins.

absolutely pathetic
They handled it very poorly.

The reporting entities of which the components are a part, however, need to be sensitive to differences that may arise from the different accounting standards.
Interestingly enough, reporting entities are also among those pushing the most strongly for a single accounting standard.

last month i spent a week in Dallas
I stayed at a motel in Dallas last month. 

(Although it is doubtful whether Greider is aware of the source of his ideas--as Keynes wrote, Practical men, who believe themselves quite exempt from any intellectual influence, are usually the slaves of some defunct economist.
Practical men are usually the slaves of some defunct economist because they believe their advice to the point wherein they become puppets.

West, after all, is a man who's managed the not-unenviable feat of sharing stages with Al Sharpton and Michael Lerner, though not (as far as I know) at the same time.
West had the courage to face Al Sharpton and Michael Lerner on stage.

and uh we used and uh we used to uh my first wife and i used to go out with them all the time because every Sunday you know the
My wife and I enjoyed going out with them all the time.

and they're not you know they're not doing anything to support themselves while they're there
They cannot support themselves because they are there.  

and uh that's got us in trouble
We were trying to be good.

Navy saved us from war, rages Buchanan in angry response to the suggestion that Kofi Annan's diplomacy ended the Iraq crisis.
Buchanan was angry because he hadn't eaten that day.

well that's true too as long as you're not going to going to hit any white water or you know if you're just doing a nice calm river it's uh it's it uh you don't have to put very much effort into it
If the water is calm, there isn't much resistance.

anyway i don't know i just
I don't know exactly right now. 

Then he was back with them again.
This was the third time he had returned to them.

And, for all I know, didn't write.
He knows that he did not write and it was something that he would not lie about.

Many people continue to be exposed to unacceptable levels of smog.
The amount of smog needs to be reduced drastically and quickly.

In 1681, when fired as a birthday salute in honor of the Duke of Albany, Mons Meg burst her barrel and was retired from active duty.
The gun exploded in July 1681.

It finances issue discussion in this country.
Tax dollars finance issue discussion in this country.

You can see why the administration wouldn't listen.
You had served on the administration before. 

yeah do you do you use Aetna
I've read Aetna is one of the top healthcare providers in the country, is that what you use?

yeah well i'm not much of a basketball fan either
Basketball is stupid, just like all other sports.

so we both have a secret background that says somehow or another we just knew we were piano players and never g ot a chance uh
Our open background describes that we were piano players. 

I stop by Kanter's Printers on 23 rd Street, an address generated by the Crane Web site.
The address is also generated on other websites.

This is Ohana's first hotel on Maui, equipped with a pool and tennis courts.
Ohana will eventually have multiple hotels in Maui.

We must do what we can." Through Tommy's mind flashed the assurance: "It's hopeless, and he knows it's hopeless!" The other looked up at him.
Tommy had experienced something similar to this event

It's so utterly foolish.
You'd have to be mad to believe it.

The company had outsourced its information management function, but lacked the infrastructure to provide strategic direction, discipline, and overall management of information management to ensure optimal implementation and cost.
The company didn't have a great infrastructure but was determined to improve it.

The young woman, Nicolette, kept Clark's identity as the father of her child a secret and went on to marry Clark and Redgrave's son, Ben.
Nicolette was a young woman who kept her children's father a secret.

i usually put garlic powder in mine
I usually put garlic powder in it, as well as salt.

Across the main square, the town hall, in spite of having been modernized, retains a pair of splendid 15th- to 16th-century Manueline windows.
The Manueline windws were kept at first because they were almost impossible to remove without damaging the building.

Bedrooms and public rooms with plenty of character lie inside this splendid landmark building dating from the 1930s.
The bedrooms have a lot of character with crown molding and beautiful furniture.

Interest on uninvested funds received by direct loan and guaranteed loan financing accounts.
Interest on these types of funds is usually within 2.5-5% range.

With a sudden fear clutching at her heart, Tuppence ran to the bed.
Tuppence found a dead person on the bed. 

The EPA has cited sections 202, 206, 208 and 301 of the Clean Air Act, as amended.
The EPA posts these announcements on their main web page.

Other items include marquetry, a recently revived island craft that is featured on small boxes and pictures, and furniture.
The islanders do marquetry on items other than boxes, pictures and furniture.

There's little time for recreation in this sometimes harsh environment, and though local residents may come across as pragmatic and single-minded, you'll find them in a more relaxed mood at the end of a hard day's work, enjoying a pint of beer and game of dominoes at the local pub.
The local residents work so hard that they're unable to enjoy recreational activities.

It's gotten a lot more nasty, he remarked at one point, displaying a keen grasp of the obvious.
He said it's getting nasty in the political arena.

I then washed three of the sets 14 times each, in hot water, with each of the fine household products I mentioned above.
I washed three of the sets once, in hot water, with a product I didn't mention. 

yeah uh i guess uh what what kind of typical vacation programs uh vacation plans do do the companies have that you've worked for uh so far as when you get vacation and how much
Your previous employer offered 2 weeks of vacation each year.

But marketing people are the worst offenders when it comes to wanting to add new features, generating loud choruses of NO even from otherwise enthusiastic developers.
Marketing people always say no when it comes to adding new features, because they are concerned about the budget.

Evidently no idea of the flight of time.
Time was seeming to go by faster. 

i he did it's like said they
He did it like they said.

The condition of a long-lived asset is affected by its durability, the quality of its design and construction, its use, the adequacy of maintenance that has been performed, and many other factors,  accidents (an unforeseen and unplanned or unexpected event or circumstance), catastrophes (a tragic event), disasters (a sudden calamitous event bringing great damage, loss, or destruction), and obsolescence.
Quality of design has the largest impact on the asset's condition out of all the other factors.

TV demos capture neither the exhilaration nor the fear, conveying instead the smug fatuity of some second-unit director who believes social change is for saps; DGA cards are for winners.
Second-unit directors tend to be lonely people with conservative leanings.

The annualized costs associated with the rule in 2006 will exceed $370 million, which is 7 percent of the projected expenditure on These engines in that year.
The costs will be more than $370 million in one year and in five years it will be $400 million.

and uh we when we left we moved from New Hampshire where it was snowing
It was snowing at our old house as well as our new one in New Hampshire. 

Adorned by ten angel sculptures by Bernini and his studio, it arrives at the Cetel Sant'Angelo, originally built as Hadrian's mausoleum in a.d. 139.
The angel sculptures are made of marble.

current income-or its economic output.
Current income is higher than its economic output.

A craperie on the pretty Rue du Clape en Bas is open in summer months only and offers free concerts Thursday evenings.
The concerts at the Rue du Clape en Bas start at 7pm on Thursdays.

Won't you both sit down? asked Sir James.
Sir James wanted them to sit on the couch.

We note that the final rule does clearly specify its affects on existing regulations.
The final rule is not clear on the affects on existing rules because the affects could be harsh.

The birth-control pill is reportedly making a comeback.
More people than before are now using the pill.

He defeated them?Yes.
He defeated them easily.

Still Rise Despite Reforms, GAO/HRD-87-21.
This reform GAO/HRD-87-21 pushes us back .

This spiritual retreat, 10 km (6 miles) north of Pondicherry, was started in 1968 by a French disciple of the teachings of the Indian sage, Sri Aurobindo.
The spiritual retreat was a famous location for foreign tourists.

Each hotel has its own ski-tow there is no comprehensive ski-pass system.
The ski-pass systems are fully fleshed out but every hotel has its own ski-tow.

The reader is led to despise one character because of his bad taste in neckties, but not to hold racism and homophobia against another.
The reader is not encouraged to hold racism and homophobia against another, even though many disagree.

In the future, the way to tell a real computer from an I-appliance will be that you tell a real computer what to do and when to do it whereas an I-appliance will tell you what to do and when to do it.
I-appliances will overtake real computers' market share.

yeah well i know even if you watched ABC NBC or or the other you i mean what's the other one  uh CBS they all were were tapped into CNN
They were tapped into CNN due to the new business plan and budget cuts.

The southernmost stretch of coast south of Cartagena is not readily accessible by bus or train.
The coasts are lined with rocky cliffs, making journeys by sea harrowing as well.

Some examples of GAO's contributions to improved government operations 
Some GAO contributions improved government operations within the EPA.

yeah i don't think that's i don't think that's good
Yeah, I don't think that's good for your health

Of the dozen villas that Tiberius built on Capri, his favorite island retreat, the best preserved is the ruins of Villa Jovis (Jupiter's Villa, or Tiberius' Villa), sprawling acrosean eastern promontory opposite the mainland.
Tiberius spent most of his days on Capri.

i know it is scary
It is scary because of those so-called ghosts.

Didn't he tell you?"
You should have known this by now.

The monastery was built at a tumultuous time in Christian history and its design was based on that of a castle, to act as a protection of the faith and its treasures, as well as for worship.
There were many attempted raids on the monastery but all failed.

Note that the demand equations shown above are somewhat different from those normally encountered.
The demand equations shown above are hundreds of years old

Denderah also has excellent ceiling detail, depicting goddess Nut on her journey across the sky, though they have been blackened by the fires of Coptic Christians and Arabs who later made the temple their home.
Denderah was no well guarded so Arabs and Christians profaned it.

i've heard that it's really against the well i mean that it's coming out with the idea that the Bible's not true
I've heard that they're pushing the idea that the Bible is fiction and I don't like it.

In the publicity leading up to the release of Showgirls , Eszterhas gave interview after interview about the importance of the movie, of its deep moral message, its serious purpose.
The Showgirls received much publicity because of a talented marketing agency.

Jon reloaded his guns, holstered them, and drew his rapier and dagger.
He led the rapier in his right hand and the dagger in his left.

For example, the Commission believes that costs vary more directly with volume than does the USPS.
The USPS costs do not vary as much with volume.

yeah oh that sounds fantastic
All is up to snuff. 

AICPA American Institute of Certified Public Accountants APB Accounting Principles Board ARB Accounting Research Bulletin COSO Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission FAS Financial Accounting Standard FASB Financial Accounting Standards Board FASAB Federal Accounting Standards Advisory Board FIN FASB Interpertation Form &amp; Content OMB Bulletin 97-01, issued October 16, 1996 GAO General Accounting Office NAA National Association of Accountants OMB Office of Management and Budget SEC Securities and Exchange Commission SFFAC Statement of Federal Financial Accounting Concepts SFFAS Statement of Federal Financial Accounting Standards SOP Statement of Position
n/a

uh sure yeah they they that area has managed to maintain itself very well the people are
There must be a lot of people working to keep that area maintained that well.

Duhame, who today makes her living as a graphic designer and illustrator, calls her book (in French) The Bird of Philosophy . The title was inspired by one of Deleuze's cryptic  Don't you think that philosophy is as pretty as a bird's name?
She had the title of the book, even before any writing began.

From that it developed in great detail the fact that any part of a whole bearing similarity to the whole was also the whole; that each seven was the class of all sevens; and other details of the science of magical similarity followed quite logically from the single axiom.
It is like the saying all is one and one is all. 

This, as well as the fact that he peed during the night and had to wear disposable nappies, was a source of profound grief for his family.
He had to wear a diaper because he was incontinent when he'd been drinking.

The park has a plethora of ponds spanned by elegant stone bridges, together with stone lanterns, waterfalls, serpentine streams, cherry trees, and pines.
The park's best assets are the streams and hawk nests.

We'll nip into a taxi." In another minute they were passing the barrier, had paid the necessary fares, and were stepping into a taxi.
There were a few taxis to choose from.

The IDA demonstration project provides direct federal funding to state and local governments as well as nonprofit community organizations to match saving contributions by low-income families eligible for TANF or the Earned Income Tax Credit.
The IDA project was limited in scope and few families actually received funding.

The woman said, in low, hurried tones, "Really, dear, cook's that upset.
The woman was distraught and didn't know what she should do about the cook.

Unresolved Issues Remain
The unresolved issues are the most difficult.

She observed that institutionalizing new practices was just the beginning of the task.
She was good at observing and saw that more was required than just the basics.

What did he say? asked Adrin.
Adrin asked, what did he say about he war?

Ah, Westway! 
There's no better place to be at night.

After Britain seized Guadeloupe, Victor Hugues, commissaire of the Convention, wrenched the island back, proclaimed slavery abolished, and set about guillotining the old-guard colons.
Britain seized Guadeloupe after a brief battle.

The development of credible opinion leaders who are emergency medicine clinicians, who will endorse and advance the concept of alcohol screening and intervention, is the best means of fostering attitudinal change within that specialty.
It will cost money to develop credible opinion leaders.

Last fall, Congress all but OK'd a $1-billion payout.
One congressman stopped the 1 billion dollar payout.

Ihad a hard time recognizing the encyclopedia project from Slate 's account.
Ihad approved of the encyclopedia project.

What were you doing there? I asked, in lively curiosity. 
I knew I could get to the bottom of their presence.

yeah well it's sort of like North Carolina North Carolina has an interesting thing on their income tax uh they create money tax you with or to tax you on there's a neat little formula on the back that you have to complete and assuming you're you're you're at poverty line where you're uh deduction or you take the standard deduction of thirty two fifty uh that will work out to an additional three hundred dollars
The deductions in North Carolina are more lucrative than other places.

The most easily accessible of them is Rumtek, built in 1968 after China drove the maroon-robed Tibetan monks of the Karmapa sect into exile.
Rumtek was built to keep the monks safe from the Chinese.  

I passed a bar.
I passed a bar that served wine.

These walks are a little more off the beaten track and require advance planning in terms of parking the car and obtaining refreshment, but they're rewarding because of the rich variety of landscapes they cover.
Parking is hard to come by in this area.  

i don't know i mean and it it might be something that he wouldn't be able to control
He would have to fight very hard to be able to control it.

(Or click to read my summary of Wolfe's and Rose's positions.)
My summary on Wolfe's position is a positive one.

yeah it does and and then uh you know my husband enjoys spending time with the kids you know he'll he'll take them out just to be with them so he they can have time with him and
My husband takes the kids out to Burger King on Tuesday.

If Muslims saw him as a righteous militant and Hindus as a brutal monster, neither denied him his title of  Sword of Islam.  
He brutally slaughtered over one million Hindus.

no no in fact see TI actually sends uh test samples from time to time uh
TI sends us test samples of food.

you don't know what happened to Gabriel's Fire then
I am sorry to tell you about Gabriel's Fire.

Abundant fruit trees in the fertile alluvium of river plains attract prolific wildlife.
Wildlife is attracted by the aroma of the fruit trees.

you know i don't know there's something about people coming up through the sofa to get you or something you know it's just you know
I imagine people grabbing me and killing me in my own living room.

The interim rule implements the provisions of the Illegal Immigration Reform and Immigrant Responsibility Act of 1996 (IIRIRA) governing expedited and regular removal proceedings, handling asylum claims and other activities involving the apprehension, detention, hearing of claims and ultimately the removal of inadmissible and deportable aliens.
Aliens refers to immigrants whether legal or illegal.

You can see the base of the medieval towers in an excavated area of the Cour.
The base of medieval towers and human remains are visible in an excavated area.

There are many reasons for this lack of real competition.
Many people have tried to compete before, but they failed.

no unfortunately i haven't i heard it's really good but
I plan to watch it on the weekend.

I don't want to die right now.
I'm scared to die and haven't lived enough yet.

so i don't really know what yeah yeah that's true
I am not qualified to have that knowledge.

From Agde, take the D51 to Marseillan, another ancient port, initially settled by the Phoenicians.
The D51 is part of a network of shuttle buses catered to tourists. 

You know, Emily was a selfish old woman in her way. 
Emily was a selfish woman, you will agree.

Section 610(e) of the Hearing Aid Compatibility Act of 1988, 47 U.S.C.
The act allowed people that were hard of hearing to have an easier time paying for hearing aids.

and uh i have particularly enjoy the English comedies
 I enjoy English comedies, like the Bridget Jones movies.

We've always gotten along, says Lalley.
They have always gotten along.

' The mice looked at one another and nobody spoke.
Everyone was fascinated by how the mice looked at each other.

This was a mistake, he thought.
He made the mistake while trying to complete the project.

It builds enormously expensive plants that employ blue-collar workers, even if they are wearing bunny suits.
There are no white-collar workers employed at the expensive plants. 

U.S. diplomats will try to soothe tension between Taiwan and China.
The U.S. diplomats think it's a good idea to try and stop the tensions between Taiwan and China.

Reading Comprehension Made Easy
Reading comprehension is always difficult.

small island
The island is only one square mile.

At the Aquarium of the Lakes, which is just beside the Lakeside Railway Station, you can familiarize yourself with the varieties of aquatic life that can be found around the National Park and beyond.
You can find trout, salmon, and frogs in the Aquarium of the Lakes.

Debt payments can be as low as $300 a month and as high as $2,000.
The average amount of a debt payment is $1,100 a month. 

uh they will not restrict it but they just ought to not release i don't know i don't know what districts are releasing the numbers to these newsmen that they can predict uh i i thought the polls had to be closed before you were allowed why would you release it to the newsmen first i i don't even know how the news media get these numbers from the polls i would think that ought to be sacred and and until it's all over
They won't restrict it but they also can't release it legally.

Larger or smaller volumes of modified GP2 can be prepared by using proportionately larger or smaller amounts of salts and dilution water.
Volumes of GP2 can be prepared by using varied amounts of salts and 99% dilution.

People like that aren't born anymore.'
Honest people aren't born anymore.

Yet Starr, too, has run a few novel and self-interested public interest theories up the flagpole, such as his claim that his leaking (if it exists, which it doesn't) is covered by a rule that allows prosecutors to reassure the public about the integrity of an investigation.
Starr leaked many facts about the investigation to the New York Times.

From one point of view--mine-- Apt Pupil is unacceptable because it uses the Holocaust as dramatic fodder for a lame and shallow drama, but Hogan's Heroes is acceptable because its dimwitted POW humor steers clear of the Holocaust.
Hogan's Heroes made a drama about the Holocaust but it was not well-reserved.

This geography is important in understanding Dublin.
The geography is different than the surrounding areas.

Enthusiasts claim that Linux can run for years without requiring you to restart your system.
It's better for the computer's health to restart at least once a year.

First built in 1737 and rebuilt in 1816, it holds the distinction of once being under the musical direction of Gioacchino Rossini (1815 1822) and still possessing some of the finest acoustics in Europe.
The fire of 1815 destroyed a large part of it.

Taylor asks.
Taylor asked a question about the program.

'I've got a hostage!'
'I'm going to kill my hostage!'

The work itself, alas!
The work is difficult.

Yet few people are so warmly welcoming of strangers as the Japanese.
Japanese people are very friendly towards strangers and they love learning about new cultures.

Houseboats are a beautifully preserved tradition of the heyday of the British Raj.
Houseboats were invented by the British in India.

Senior information security managers emphasized the importance of being able to discuss security issues with senior executives.
Senior information security managers said it was important to be able to discuss security issues with executives because it made their defense against those threats more comprehensive.

Nobody actually knows if Lana accompanied the two men to the farmhouse.
Lana had accompanied the men into town the previous day.

'My accent?' 
I was surprised to hear that I had an accent.

no well last uh no i do enough other things i don't feel guilty about that
I do so many things around here. 

yeah well i guess there's a certain amount of luck in any hole in one
I have never had enough luck to make a hole in one.

He did so with surety, using the elbow of his bad arm to steady himself at the threshold, then raising both fists in a stretch.
He is in physical therapy after a car accident. 

For decades, the Republican Party preached military strength in the face of foreign expansionism.
Military strength was the key to stopping foreign expansionism.

Of the cunning, ruthless triumvirate that came out on top at the end of the country's century of civil war, Tokugawa was without doubt the most patient, the most prudent and most treacherous.
Tokugawa was the only member of the triumvirate who displayed prudence consistently.

 Sí, amigo , so it is done in Kentucky and Virginia.
Those are the only states where it's legal.

Here is what some prominent national reporters wrote on   
They may have written about the current state of national politics.

In the Queen's bedroom, 19 royal children were born, the births often attended by members of the public, as was the custom.
Nearly 20 children were born there, and sometimes the public watched.

The day moved slowly.
The day moved slowly and seemed to last forever.

fifty miles north of that up in the Panhandle to just go buy a pair of jeans we'd drive an hour
We always bought Levi's jeans. 

Kom Ombo Temple lies closest to Aswan ' some 60 km (37 miles) south of Edfu.
The Kom Ombo Temple is a minor temple for the Egyptians.  

Back in 1507 this was the world's largest city, with a population of 1.2 million.
The world's largest city had a population primarily made up of slaves.

that's true that's very true um-hum
Anyone would agree with that.

but it i think what it is the American public had made good cars at one time and then they started more or less trying to hurry stuff the first car i think now that they have that's uh that's  made it on the what do you call it the mechanic's list or the the why they check the how they judge cars what is it list where they come out with the consumer list
Now American cars are less reliable than the imports.

Suazo's district and is a project of the state's leading providers of free civil legal services to lower-income individuals and families -- the Disability Law Center, the Legal Aid Society of Salt Lake and Utah Legal Services.
The Disability Law Center helps lower-income people who need to be represented in civil court.

Most of the drinking reduction occurred among the patients with mild to moderate alcohol problems and not in the heaviest drinking subgroup.
Most of the reduction in drinking was in the patients who just drank 3 drinks a day or less.

The next day, I strode into work.
I didn't want to be at work.

They also created a packet of information available for free to help people navigate the court system without a lawyer.
Navigating the courts without a lawyer is very complicated, and people need guidelines to help them.

The work that we do is the purest form of expression of the core values of all of the major faith traditions.
Collecting classic cars is the most pure expression of faith possible.

Well, you get your message out, shape the debate, and perhaps gain influence over the eventual winner.
If you get out there, you can affect things. 

assess how effectively an agency is managing a system development contract.
The best agencies are the ones who manage efficiently.

It consists of a fixed image, like a slide or (closer still) a freeze frame.
A freeze frame is clear.

Too bad no one's watching them.
They have much more freedom when there is nobody available to supervise them.

a the monetary impact of employment and benefits cases, a the effect on quality of life of health and housing cases, a the impact on minor children of assistance in family cases, and a the financial stability afforded in consumer/finance cases.
If there is a monetary impact to employment and benefits cases, they can be appealed

The famous Venetian glasswar e poses a problem of quality and price.
Italian glassware from Italian cities other than Venice, remains of high quality and lower cost.

My problem is so small, but I have nobody else to ask.
I have asked everyone else for help.

Then I found that I'd forgotten the latch-key after all. 
I left the latch-key in my car.

The vote was 295-136--better than a two-thirds majority--which means that opponents of the ban must once again depend on the Senate to sustain a presidential veto.
Most people opposed it because of past experiences. 

They have been called then-they-did-this studies.
Studies are given strange names sometimes.

Caravaggio contributes a typically disturbing canvas, an ugly Sleeping Cupid with intimations of death (Hall 32, Education of Jupiter).
the canvas that Caravaggio made was valued at 10,000 euros.

That's right.
You are rewarded for being right.

He must act quickly. 
He has no time to lose.

so i've had this dog now for for sixteen years and she's been a lot of company uh she's uh however getting a little old and things are starting to fail um i i live alone now and she stays in the house all day while i go to work  and uh she's been holding herself pretty well the uh up until uh you know recently where she's been having accidents in the house because she either is losing control or she forgets where she is  and uh i find a little present on the floor sometimes when i come home
This dog has helped me through the worst times of my life.

Now there was only one person at Styles who worked on the land ”Mrs. Cavendish. 
Mrs. Cavendish worked at Styles for 50 years.

The galleries are arranged chronologically, which helps put the figures into context.
It was difficult to follow the context of the galleries so they were readjusted to be in chronological order.

Attorney General Janet Reno said she tried to tell National Security Adviser Tony Lake about the Chinese scheme 10 months ago but was unable to reach him by phone, so she asked the FBI to tell the White House, which led to the above fiasco.
Tony Lake was contacted by the FBI about the Chinese scheme.

and i i never i didn't want to say too much for fear he would think it was wrong and wouldn't do it anymore
It was so happy that he was doing it. Most people have to nag theirs.

By 1938, they held Nanking, Hankow, and Canton.
They only held Nanking, Hankow, and Canton.

Time seemed to slow as Ca'daan watched.
Due to his headache, Ca'daan watched while time seemed to slow.

so it's a little high but but it's you know it's like where he was before i was only paying sixty three so there's quite a little jump there but i looked all over Louisville
I looked all over Louisville for a better deal and couldn't find one.

Whisking me off-stage, Natalia whispered: 'Looks like you have some of the old magic left after all.'
Natalia was excited that I could still convince people.

since then uh we've made it um as as the friends start getting married and things like that we've made a tradition of uh having a a Thursday or well have have probably like a like a Thursday night bachelor party and a Friday golf day before the wedding
All of our friends show up to the Thursday night bachelor parties.

These plans should show how the agency will verify that the acquired equipment, software, or services meet user needs and satisfy security requirements.
The agency's plans will be extensive and go into great detail to create a peace of mind for the users. 

Yes, suh. Drew spun down two double eagles.
Drew drank two double eagles because he liked to drink.

But it was left to a three-judge U.S.
Leaving it like that was not a very smart decision.

um-hum yeah yeah well i live in an apartment so the only thing i grow are plants inside and i don't do very very well with those i think the temperature in here
IT's too hot to grow plants here. 

The first is Coyaba River Garden and Museum.
The first is Coyaba River Garden Museum.

Chechen leaders called for peace talks, but Russia rejected the offer, saying that Islamic militants would use a cease-fire to rebuild their forces.
There were many western observers who felt that Russia's cited reasons were a ruse.

Black marketeers will have to charge enough to make up for this risk, making it hard to undersell my $1.
Black marketeers will have to raise prices above $10.

I screamed.
I shouted, while waving my arms in the air.

Give It Up, David
Stop trying because you are inadequate, David.

Even the venom they were putting in my blood doesn't seem to hurt any more."  "Fine.
The venom used to hurt a lot, but it doesn't hurt now.

So if time isn't a major factor, the best way of getting the feel of the place is to walk.
If time is not an issue, walking is the best way to discover a place.

Julius elected to stay the night at Holyhead.
Julius will be leaving Holyhead first thing in the morning.

No time to explain.
There might be time to explain later.

This will better allow the board to raise difficult questions and probe issues to provide input on strategy, assess and manage risk, and hold management accountable for its actions.
This allows the board to raise questions about holding management accountable for its actions, thus creating accountability. 

Jon dropped the pistols, hoping to scoop them up later, and drew his rapier and dagger.
Jon's pistols were out of ammunition.

But the update was not one-sided, only adding new costs, some $450 million.
The update was fair, falling above budget costing $450 million.

"To me that is a feast." Drew fell into the formal speech which seemed natural here.
Everyone at the college seemed very highbrow.

you haven't huh if you were uh what do you think about the whole concept of a trial by your peers
Have you ever thought about the concept of trial by peers?

How do we begin?
Shall we begin slowly?

The godless north has guns that kill us from afar.
We will ride north in an attempt to become allies. 

You draw wrangler's pay and take stud fees in foals say one in three, your choosing.
It is a better deal than you will get from any other horse breeder.

well that's great i i wish you all the best in in your future in your endeavors out there in what ever you are doing and it's good to talk to a a a student rather than
Good to hear, it's been a pleasure talking to a student within the organization who can provide such insights, I hope you may achieve your dreams.

But these details are their weakest points.
They need to strengthen these details.

And his memory of dying was the clearest memory he had.
His death had stuck in his mind.

The wine route continues through Cetellina with its 15th-century castle and ancient town gate.
There are beautiful vineyards to be visited on the wine route.

And has the following point been made on the Op-Ed  that Arianna Huffington and Warren Beatty have chosen to attack centrist Democrats as cynical sellouts who ignore American poverty just when, according to the Census Bureau, those cynical centrists are making the greatest strides against poverty that have been made in my adult lifetime?
Huffington and Beatty attack centrist Democrats weekly.

The Porte Saint-Andre, Porte d'Arroux, and Theatre Romain are some of the Roman remains in the town.
The Theatre Romain was restored several years ago.

Black slaves from Africa also arrived in the earliest years of the colony.
The journey from Africa was more than forty days.

yeah Lubbock oh another west Texan
Lubbock's great-grandparents were born in west Texas.

About three months later, Lola's friends began to regularly visit Doctor Edward begging for a sample of this miracle treatment, and he could barely keep up with the demand, especially since the summer was rather dry that year.
Doctor Edward was preparing 50oz of miracle treatment daily, but the people needed more than that.

The museum's focal point is the Enthroned Madonna (1308) by local wonder boy Duccio di Buoninsegna.
The Enthoned Madonna has been transported to three different museums.

The play itself, a revival of a 1966 thriller, fares no  a tediously contrived wind-up toy that yells 'Boo!
The original play won several Tony awards.

well i watch um i like news programs like you mentioned and sometimes i will watch um like the cable news network evening news program
I like to watch a variety of TV programs.

to pay equation for improved visibility (measured in deciviews) was developed as a function of the baseline level of visibility, the magnitude of the visibility improvement, and household income.
Visibility is measured in deciviews with perfect visibility getting a score of 1000 deciviews.

An example of an investment with a split purpose is a grant issued to a teaching hospital to perform both medical education and medical research.
Investments with a split purpose might allow for education ice cream parties and research.

Nature lovers can hike (or rent a donkey) up the extinct volcano of Mount Epomeo, 788 m (2,585 ft), starting from Fontana for unforgettable views of the island and the Bay of Naples.
Donkey rentals produce a good amount of funds for the local economy.

There are those who leave the city as well.
Some people become fed up with the illusion and overall fakeness of the city.

These entities should account for the property as a custodial activity.
The entities have contracts already prepared regarding the property.

In the third bay on the north aisle is Paolo Uccello's statue-like equestrian painting of the 15th-century English mercenary Sir John Hawkwood (unpronounceable for Italians, so known as Giovanni Acuto).
Sir John Hawkwood was a rich man who owned many horses.

Time 's Y2K cover story focuses on alarmists, especially millennialist Christians stockpiling for the looming Year 2000 disaster.
Time wrote about Y2K and the damage it could cause to society.

In recent years the government and foreign donors have made great efforts to develop Nepal's rather sparse natural resources.
In recent years the government and foreign donors have made great efforts to develop Nepal's rather sparse natural resources but have failed in transporting them out of the country.

well yours is probably the same as ours it's uh Tigon isn't Tigon uh part of GTE or vice versa or something like that
Yours is on probability, the same as ours.

Ask Bill is part of our E-mail to the Editors page.
Bill is a correspondent who takes personal questions and turns them into publicly displayed and dissected advice for your love life - what are you waiting for?

Unfortunately, we found that agencies do not consistently address major management challenges and program risks in their fiscal year 2000 performance plans.
The agencies should improve their actions.

Whatever else may be said about them, both Talmudic and Jesuitical carry connotations of great learning and meticulous attention to argument.
It's also said that Talmudic is better than Jesuitical for many reasons.

Gosh, why didn't we think of that?
Gosh, why didn't you think of that?

yeah i live in Richardson but it's about half way between the Spring Creek and the the Dallas site so
Because the Dallas and Spring Creek sites are equidistance apart I often stay in a local hotel even though I live in Richardson.

it might not make the other person feel like you were really wanting to be there yeah
They may feel that you want to be elsewhere.

In between, you can venture out to explore the rest of the country.
There's a great place in the country where you can eat pasta for dinner.

Some tourist cafes advertise tea like mother makes, but in native Spanish establishments, tea is unlikely to evoke dreams of home.
Native Spanish cafes make a thick, concentrated tea with lots of cream and sugar added.

She has been leaning on the Met to find a more intimate venue for her projects.
The Met is going to help her find suitable venues.

Justice Broderick delivered an interim report from the Task Force to the LSC Board of Directors at the Board's meeting on September 8, 2001, in Alexandria, Va.
The report that Justice Broderick submitted arrived at the LSC desk at 9am on the 8th of September. 

well yeah well well well yeah uh firing firing Tom Landry and hiring Jimmy Johnson what what kind of uh uh doesn't give you much respect for their team at all any team any team that that where the owner would fire Tom Landry you know is like one of the greatest coaches of all time
Everyone knows how awesome he is.

By the way, where did Mr. Hersheimmer come in originally? 
Did Mr. Hersheimmer originally come from there?

Only 23 percent of the roughly 1 million attorneys in America volunteer even one hour of pro-bono service annually, according to the ABA.
In America, attorneys prefer to be paid for their work.

On the summit is a monument to Nossa Senhora da Paz (Our Lady of Peace), dedicated to the end of World War I. Around the monument are anchor chains from French ships sunk in Funchal harbor by German torpedoes.
There is a monument related to the people who died in World War I.

they'll go oh yeah i was on a prescription for this and they can go get it and bring it in
The prescriptions they are on are often expensive because our health care system is bad. 

Amateur meteorologists, for example, make chitchat at two Usenet newsgroups devoted to general weather (sci.geo.meteorology and uk.sci.weather).
There are many more websites that target amateur meteorologists. 

A brown leather breastplate covered his chest and a pair of swords sat on each side of his hips with two more crossing his back.
He was preparing to enter a long battle. 

May not be so severe.
It either will be really severe, or it won't.

really well researched uh locations and sets and costumes and so forth and as far as i can tell on places where i have some knowledge their historical research is excellent
The actors were good

The ruins of Jerusalem were briefly liberated, but, in the end, Jewish resistance to Rome was defeated with great loss of life.
In addition to the Jews, people of other faiths who resisted the Romans died as well.

Our 1996/97 survey found that about 60 percent or more of the supervisors and managers reported that their agencies had not provided them with the training necessary to accomplish critical, results-oriented management tasks.
The training also failed to provide financial compensation.

yeah well i think what i see is a different direction i don't know if you are you familiar with uh programs like Harvard Graphics where they have uh
I see a different direction, it seems you don't

Until recently, most visitors counseled not to attempt to drive the island's difficult roads hopped aboard bus daytrips that took in the main attractions.
The island is working hard to recover from the upswing in tourist car accidents this year.

So, unlike many Quiz participants, I won't.
I won't answer like many people in the Quiz.

The only undisturbed Royal tomb ever to be found in the Valley of the Kings, it captured the public imagination and fired peoples' desire to visit Egypt.
Visits to Egypt have tripled over the last couple of years.

does the subsequent discovery of such acts committed during the audit period necessarily mean that the auditors' performance was inadequate, provided the audit was made in accordance with these standards.
Discovering such acts committed during the audit might mean the auditor's performance was lacking and the whole audit should be thrown out.

The library absorbed the Ambleside Book Club (Wordsworth had been its most famous member) and the Ruskin Library, which included many of Ruskin's private letters.
The Ambleside Book Club was absorbed by the library because they couldn't sustain their activity.

The Falcons were 3-13 two years ago and are inspired by their coach, Dan Reeves, who had quadruple bypass surgery a month ago.
Dan Reeves has been the Falcons' coach for a year.

Many people decry the pebble beach, preferring soft sand; however, in the summer Meltemi winds, pebbles of coin size don't blow around and spoil your day, whereas sand does.
Beware of pebbles getting stuck in your shoes.

you know and support the soldiers so
You know, it is awful if you don't support the soldiers.

but i've never tried any dandelions just to eat
I would never eat dandelion's even if I was starving.

Some 8 km (5 miles) south of Melaka, you can take a boat at Umbai out to Pulau Besar.
There's a boat from Umbai to Pulau Besar, it's quite quick.

yeah it it depends on um yeah there's there's always a reason why they're on sale
The reason is that they're bad looking!

During summer, the terrain is parched, while at other times of the year it's often covered with snow.
It's more beautiful when it's covered in snow.

On the other side of the square, St. Joseph's Church was built in 1914 over a cave once thought to be Joseph's carpentry shop.
However, Joseph's carpentry shop was found in a cave further away, but the name of the church was kept the same.

But what sinks The Hi-Lo Country is Patricia Arquette's Mona, who's supposed to convey sleepy sensuality but seems merely to be on Quaaludes.
The Hi-Lo County was not a very good show.

Alfred Wainwright, prominent fell walker and writer, was curator here for many years.
The curator, Alfred Wainwright held exquisite parties every fall.

Polls show that Americans are willing to shun instant gratification to accomplish long-term goals such as repaying the federal debt or revamping Social Security.
long term goals are more important than short term goals and better for the world.

A close friend of the singer  He's a performer through and through.
The close friend of a singer is a magician.

yeah i thought at one time i wanted to be a teacher but i i quickly dispelled that idea when i became a substitute teacher for a while just to get my feet wet i said uh i couldn't do this everyday no way
Being a substitute teacher was very satisfying.

The St. Stephen's Green Shopping Complex at the south end of Grafton Street, a pseudo-Victorian iron-and-glass structure, was built in the 1980s, and has been christened The Wedding Cake by Dubliners.
The St. Stephen's Green Shopping Complex is massively popular with tourists and locals.

I suppose Franke-Ruta was compelled to read every single line without really wanting to at all?
The lines were long and complicated.

Bunrakiais a Japanese performance art of surprising dramatic intensity, worth seeing if only for an hour or so in the middle of a busy day of sightseeing.
Bunrakiais usually lasts longer than one hour.

Presidents derived their license to serve as leader-preacher from Theodore Roosevelt's remark that the presidency was a bully pulpit, a remark that did not appear in his Inaugural Address.
Theodore Roosevelt later began donning a preacher's outfit, which is where the confusion arose.

that they required you to do and i took it to Town North and sure enough i saw that guy and he recognized me he said he said oh hi Dana and he kind of looked down and saw that car and i'm and i'm sure he probably knew what was going on the very next day of course when when the place in Arlington
The guy I saw when I went to Town North was very friendly and helpful.

I first became involved in the work of the ABA when I was appointed to the Standing Committee on Lawyers' Public Service Responsibility.
ABA provides useful services.

or a you know the Suns are are pretty good
The Suns are better than they were last year. 

Examples of condition information include, among others, (1) averages of standardized condition rating codes; (2) percentage of assets above, at, or below acceptable condition; or (3) narrative information.
Condition information may be the narrative information gathered by auditors.

But there's a larger explanation.
The explanation is given in a report.

The Committee's Final Report, adopted by unanimous consent, was filed with the FCC in August 1995.
There had been doubt leading up to the date that the Final Report would be filed before September 1995.

When you wanted to shop, you went to the mall and confined your search to the stores you found there.
It took you hours to look at all the stores, so you stayed until the mall closed.

Sages developed the strict disciplines of yoga and profound metaphysical speculations of Vedanta.
Sages developed yoga was a way to experience spiritual healing.

yeah Thursday
Yeah, I'll be there Thursday.

uh do you have a mandatory shut down
Do you have to shut down every night?

Homer wrote his epic works on Chios; and lyrical poetry was much admired, particularly the work of the poets Archilochos on Paros and Sappho on Lesvos.
Sappho's poetry was more popular than Archilochos's works.

these folks are so backwards it's just ridiculous it's pathetic
These people are stupid and out of date, they are sad and pathetic.

The man in the shabby clothes stared at Tommy searchingly.
The scruffy man wanted something from Tommy.

Port Antonio dates from 1723, when the town was called  Titchfield  after the English estate of the Duke of Portland, who was governor of Jamaica at the time.
The Duke of Portland was governor of Jamaica and Cuba.

Accordingly, NHTSA concluded that the only legally permissible alternative was to establish the model year 1998 standard at 20.
The NHTSA had many non-legal alternatives to set the model year standard at.

Why, yes, came the answering thought.
The thought completely answered the question in response.

Kashmir is a serenely beautiful and coveted land of green forest, alpine meadows, and lakes, while the Punjab in the northwest is the fertile center of the country's Green Revolution, supporting the nation's self-sufficiency in wheat, barley, and millet.
Punjab grows large quantities of millet and wheat every year. 

For example, HHS created a web site for the administrative simplification provisions of the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 that provided information on several related proposed rules.
The HIPAA site also gives information on how to disclose HIPAA breaches.

Wolff exploits the human tendency to confuse frankness and cruelty with truth-telling.
Wolff considers the confusion between frankness and cruelty to be one of the greatest of human flaws.

The remains of Viking fortifications can be seen today beneath Dublin Castle.
Dublin Castle has historic significance for a number of eras as a result.

yeah well where are you
Are you there?

You should know by the time you arrive at Poiso whether or not the journey will be worth the effort.
You should know if it will be worth all your long hours.

It is a given that prescription drugs play a far greater role in health care now than when Medicare was created.
The most important prescription drugs are antibiotics and pain killers.

The brill trader told them of the amazing site as they continued their ride.
The brill trader told them about the wonderful camping site. 

Even if enough Republicans join Democrats to kill the amendment, more would be needed to defeat the filibuster that has already been promised.
The filibuster is undesirable to not Democrats and Republicans.

Either that or the ASPCA euthanizes Snoopy.
Snoopy has been euthanized by that because of their campaign.

Is that right?"
They couldn't figure out if such a thing could be true and began to question if the documents were even right.

well but in general i think it's a good idea because there's like the glass you can't argue that the glass it doesn't biodegrade and and uh the plastics obviously they don't
Glass is the best thing to recycle.

A staff member is engaged full-time in launching this effort.
Other staff members alternate helping the full-time staff member.

The last emperor, Constantine XI, fell in the fighting, and by noon that day Mehmet and his men had taken control of the sought-after city.
Constantine XI was a great emperor but not a good fighter.

With more specific knowledge in hand at the end of development, decision makers can make a more informed decision to move into production with assurances that the product will achieve its cost, schedule, and quality outcomes.
Decision makers have trouble getting the specific knowledge required for informed decisions.

it's almost a luxury
Not many people have it.

But even if you don't want to spend hours admiring the art collection, the building itself ' a former home of France's kings ' has much to offer and, if you plan your visit well, it is sure to be enjoyable.
The king lived in a castle.

When the amount of money in circulation is fixed, if expenditures rise in one area, a fortiori, they fall in another.
The amount of money in circulation varies in a real economy.

I am Jon, said the man, turning back to the polished metal.
Jon was holding a metal gun.

Agencies are learning how a CIO can help improve effectiveness and efficiency and better realize the benefits of their information resources.
Information resources are utilized by the CIO and agencies learn a lot from certain studies such as this.

The most northerly of the western Maui oceanfront resorts, the Ritz-Carlton is a grand hotel with hints of tropical plantation days, set amidst rugged coves and mountains.
There are many resorts further South of the Ritz-Carlton.

Print, Internet, and general media 
General media includes many options.

What is it, mon ami?
Is there something wrong?

The Hollywood sign over Beachwood Canyon is perhaps the most recognized landmark in Los Angeles and a favorite photo background.
Beachwood Canyon is not officially a part of Hollywood.

Fishing is very popular in India, and although it is almost entirely a freshwater proposition, you will find it very good.
The Indians like to fish a lot.

Formerly the Nahalat Shivia residential district, founded in 1869 and restored in 1988, the area is characterized by small golden-stone courtyard houses, many converted to restaurants, cafe, and arts and craft shops.
This area hasn't been a residential district since it was restored in 1988.

just hearing what it does to the lawn i hate to even guess what the road conditions would be like in something like that
The roads might be slick when that happens.

In addition to accounting topics, the index lists certain agencies or programs that have been used in illustrations or that have unique provisions within the standards.
Every agencies or programs is listed within the index.

oh oh North okay NC State the wildcats
My favorite basketball team are the NC State Wildcats. 

Community legal education prevents small problems from getting worse and reduces the strain on our legal system.
Formal legal education helps to prevent small problems from increasing in size.

Patients with alcohol problems in the emergency department, part 1: improving detection.
Most of the patients found in the emergency department have problems with alcohol.

In addition, they recognized that staff expertise had to be frequently updated to keep abreast of ongoing changes in threats, vulnerabilities, software, security techniques, and security monitoring tools.
Staff expertise needed to be updated on a weekly basis when it came to ongoing changes in threats.

No, hear me!"  He lifted his hand in a brief gesture and Hanson felt a thickness over his lips that made speech impossible.
There was something covering his mouth.

FDA is issuing this rule to reduce the risk of an outbreak of transmissible spongiform encephalopathy (TSE) in the United States.
The risk of an outbreak is low.

But it was too much to accept at once, and Dave's mind was a treadmill.
Dave couldn't take in the new developments because he was worrying about what had just happened.

The herbal extract shows success in treating mild dementia and preventing Alzheimer's memory loss.
The herbal extract treats many other problems.  

and and i just wonder if maybe day uh the home schooling is going to come into more and more uh homes
I wonder if home schooling will increase in my city.

He may need some assistance in driving them as far as the border.
He is not used to driving that far all at one time.

And I had an idea she might know something about the destroying of the will. 
The will had been set on fire.

if you write a bad check you go to jail right
Writing a check is not hard so don't write bad checks.

And that would include boraquasco.
The boraquasco was reluctantly included. 

Often the songs have witty, ri?­bald lyrics likely to suffer fatally in impromptu translation.
Some of the songs are rhyming dirty limericks in structure.

But economic theory tells me that if the charges against him were accurate, there must have been others in the administration who shared his ethical laxity.
Politicians behave characteristically unethically.

We cannot rebuild our lives.
We cannot rebuild our lives, as we're been permanently disabled.

Of several hundred women in the emperor's harem, his only love was the now legendary Mumtaz-Mahal ( Exalted of the Palace ), by whom he had 14 children.
Of hundreds of women in the emperor's harem, his love was the Mumtaz-Mahal with whom he had 14 children, all daughters.

well i was thinking too um we usually think of the Peace Corps as going overseas to do something but if they required this where you stay in the US and you know benefit the people here and perhaps too the fact that we have more elderly people now
The domestic uses for the Peace Corps should take more priority if it really is all about improving quality of life.

well yeah but on the other hand if it if it needed his personal intervention all the time then it wasn't a good system anyway
Changes were implemented to remove his involvement.

semi for them too so yeah
It is sort of for them but moreso for us.

uh with the husband being out at night and the wife hearing rustling at the door he forgot his key wham he's gone uh i i absolutely don't want one in my house for that reason uh there's just too many things that can happen that are bad
I refuse to allow a gun into my house. 

I see uh-huh
I see your point and it does make sense. 

She straightened Susan's hair and stood.
Susan's hair touched her waist.

you know yeah and and  instead of having the world speak German we found out that we can translate and that's what i think we ought to do with the metric system
The metric system is easier to understand. 

If, however, the evaluation question requires GAO to report on how satisfactory progress is or the reasons for problems in implementation, the more staff who can be on site over time, with the ricHe'st or thickest base for examining the situation as the many people involved see it, the sounder our causal conclusions and subsequent recommendations will be.
If the GAO has to report on the progress, the recommendations will be better because they will have more input from experts.

This is Calton Hill, built around 100 m (328 ft) of hard volcanic rock, and its monuments and architecture are said to have been responsible for Edinburgh's epithet Athens of the North. 
Edinburghs epithet Athens of the North was created because of the monuments and architecture.

And the boy is still very young" 
The lad is still a very young child and shouldn't be having sex.

because i know my sister's in LA see and she calls me up and tells me well LA's going to come down there and beat up on Texas you know and i said yeah and so when they came down  so what happened it took them a long time they beat them
My sister insisted that LA would beat Texas. 

If he is all that you say it would amuse me to try!
I am easily amused and so trying that would bring me great pleasure 

yeah i don't think the higher ups were thinking about what what this guy's going to do with the rest of his war machine they're going oh well it's not going to hurt us so we're just going to let them go but really we didn't think about the people that he was gonna try and i mean he he's just
It turns out letting them leave was a big mistake.

His new parents became physically ill, which exacerbated their psychological torture of their son (so much one could have gathered already from Brodkey's fiction).
His parents were very sick and that made their son's PTSD even worse.

We grew up and it was just the same.
Nothing changed over the years.

It is home to a major university as well as an arts and crafts college.
The major university was founded earlier than the arts and crafts college.

Paddle Bess Meyerson's naked fanny.
Meyerson was fully naked.

Then he went across to his mother whilst I unbolted the door that gave on the corridor. 
He was scared and wanted his mother. 

Robert Nugent of an erroneous and dangerous failure to affirm the intrinsic evil of homosexual acts.
Robert Nugent is a lunatic.

Meanwhile, a new survey by a contraceptive pharmaceutical company suggested that the pill has surpassed sterilization as the country's most popular birth-control method.
The pill is a more popular form of birth control because it is less permanent than sterilization.

However, we also discovered that in hundreds of cases each year, the court recommends that a GAL be appointed but cannot do so because the families can't afford the fee.
There is a problem with the GAL program because it is not affordable.

The octagonal 12th-century Romanesque baptistery of San Giovanni (St.
The octagonal 12th-century Romanesque baptistery of San Giovanni is a splendor and radiant in the city.

There is an obvious opportunity here for a bonanza of international conferences to study the need for worldwide treaties to set up global commissions to come up with transnational standards for ...
The bonanza will attract countries from all over the globe.

Confidential to  You might have had a better chance of getting your money had the Globe not run a World Exclusive interview in which you're quoted disclosing titillating details about your ex's sexual fantasies and happy-hour proclivities.
I was not paid by the Globe for my interview.

yeah it it's like i say i work in a machine shop and uh everything's still inches
I've been working in a machine shop forever, so I'm used to using inches. 

that's true that's true well did you start with TI out here and then go to
It should always start with TI.

Make your way to the stone Windmill looming across the park to the left.
Stroll over to the impressive, ancient windmill.

Dukes, administrators, and clergy lived in towns rather than isolated castles, absorbing the hinterland into communes, forerunners of the city-states.
The communes were safer than the outlying lands.

Not if you keep your voice down.
There are people listening all around us.

Finally, Pollitt and Sullivan are disappointed that Unauthorized
Their supervisor told them what they were doing, and Pollitt and Sullivan became disappointed that unauthorized...

They gave me two knives and faced me against a younger boy who weighed much less than I.
They gave me knives and put me against a younger boy who was more agile due to his lower weight.

It winds its way past piney coves, mysterious cliffs, and quiet beaches.
It is a fairly safe hike as long as you stick to the main path and keep off the cliffs.

This willingness to accommodate will alienate the Senate's ultraconservative firebrands, who seek war against Clinton and the Democrats over the balanced budget, abortion, and flag-burning.
The Senate's ultraconservative firebrands will be alienated by this willingness to accommodate, said the New York Times.

Bush has him executed, and all of America and the Lockheed board of directors can sleep peacefully!
The Lockheed board of directors wants him executed as he poses a threat to their business.

Although a survival curve approach provides a theoretically preferred method for valuing the benefits of reduced risk of premature mortality associated with reducing air pollution, the approach requires a great deal of data to implement.
Increased mortality due to air pollution depends on a variety of factors.

Thus they incur less in-office costs.
By following a carefully crafted expenditures plan, they reduce their internal costs.

it's nice it really is yeah we're talking though uh on my you know i don't really know i knew when i bought it but i don't know right now i've got a little program uh genealogy program called Family Ties
I've owned this Family Ties program for a while.

The Pope called on Christian Europe to launch a Crusade to defend the Holy Land, and in 1099, under the command of Godfrey de Bouillon, the Crusaders took Jerusalem.
Many lives were lost when the Crusaders took over Jerusalem.

Head east to the Gloucester Avenue  strip  for the beaches and resort life.
Gloucester Avenue is the place to be for relaxation, sun, and sand. 

That is George Richey, widower of country singer Tammy Wynette.
George Richey withdrew from the public after the passing of Tammy Wynette.

We must also hope that he does not weight his conversation to talk of impeachment and partisan politics.
We must also hope that he does not weight his conversation on sports and music.

Jamaicans appear to worry little about the future; sometimes it seems that they worry little even about what happens in the next few minutes.
Jamaicans don't worry about anything really.

Who are these uncredited laborers?
Who are these workers?

um-hum well i think we've probably
yes, well, i have very good reasons to believe

It is not a revenue, because the receiving entity does not earn the amount imputed or demand its payment.
This payment does not count for tax purposes.

No convincing explanation has as yet been found.
So many explanations have been found but none that seemed right. 

Auditors may meet this requirement by listing voucher numbers, check numbers, or other means of identifying specific documents they examined.
Vouchers, checks and other identifying documents examined by auditors must include a clearly marked reference number pre-printed on them in order to be listed under this requirement.

What it was that she feared, she would have been hard put to it to say.
She was scared of saying what her fear was.

As we will discuss later, several methods can be used in one job; these examples are only intended to highlight what is not, and what is, a case study.
We're attempting to show you what is and isn't a case study so you don't manage to mess up a case study in a job in the future, as several methods can be used in one job, but we do have faith that you won't do such a thing.

'And over here, we have the Monument of Ages.
The Monument of Ages was a spectacular sight.

Adrin joined them as they descended and headed south.
Adrin wanted to join in the fighting and went with them.

Christianity threatened the establishment because it rejected the old gods and denied the divinity of the emperor.
The threat of Christianity was the greatest one the empire has ever faced.

yeah it's going to cut off the circulation yeah yeah i i think i tried that one time a couple years ago and it did the same did that same thing
I do not recommend doing that since you can hurt yourself.

Years ago, a white woman told me about how her son's teacher let the class dance to a Michael Jackson record for 10 minutes to celebrate Black History Month.
Children love to dance to Michael Jackson Records. 

Leading organizations use their performance management systems as a key tool for aligning institutional, unit, and employee performance; achieving results; accelerating change; managing the organization on a day-to-day basis; and facilitating communication throughout the year so that discussions about individual and organizational performance are integrated and ongoing.
All leading organizations implement some form of performance management systems.

The drive was uneventful.
The person driving felt bored.

The second man tripped over his body and fell.
The second man screamed when he saw that he was dead.

But so many of the cases we handle have to do with basic rights and a decent life.
We handle around fifty cases a year.

oh man just painted over varnished wood oh my
The wood got painted over when I wanted to leave it natural.

The collection also includes important paintings by Rubens, Frans Hals, Veronese, Konrad Witz, and Martin Schongauer.
The collection includes sculptures as well as paintings. 

She called the man she had been talking to.
She called the man she had been conversing with, hoping to get more information about the accident.

The Lladre brothers opened their factory in Tabernes Blanques, near Valencia, in 1958.
The factory produces food products.

In addition, contrary to recent assertions, we are not seeking the minutes of these meetings or related notes of the Vice President's staff.
We are not seeking the minutes of theses meeting or related notes of the Vice Presiden's staff, because we trust them to do their job right.

The United States falls somewhere between these extremes.
Some countries are on the extreme ends of the spectrum.

where but honestly an Amiga is far and away a much better PC than the PC will ever be it has a full multitasking operating system during the Christmas holidays while my kids played games with my machines i backed up my hard disk because i used my Commodore sixty four as a terminal to it like a main frame
I wanted to back up everything to make sure the kids did not delete anything.

All the styles of Cuba's delectable traditional music ee?ahabaneras, son, boleros, guarachas, guajiras, and more can be heard in every town's casa de la trova, usually a fine old building on or near the main square.
Cuba has delectable traditional music and it is very popular to tourists as well.

But he offers no alternative apart from his own privileged sense of what is obvious, and his attacks on economic method are mostly ill-informed or self-contradictory.
He attacks the economic method but fails.

i think so too oh well thank you for calling and uh i'll have to check out that book you told me about okay thank you you take care bye-bye
I plan to see if my library has the book you mentioned. 

Flow rock around you up to your nose and toss you into a lake.
They wanted to murder him. 

Wasdale, the birthplace of British fell-walking, is still very popular with experienced fell-walkers because its rocky crags give access to some of the most challenging hiking in the Lakes.
Always check the weather ahead of hikes because the crags are often subject to inclement weather.

The sculpture places a graphic emphasis on the ugliness of sin (the hanging of Judas, the devil tempting Jesus) and the simple beauty of virtue.
The sculpture was deliberately designed to be as shocking and graphic as possible. 

The next thing I knew, I was lying in bed with a hospital nurse (not Whittington's one) on one side of me, and a little blackbearded man with gold glasses, and medical man written all over him, on the other.
The nurse was wearing a tight white dress.

so i thought that was really good too i don't i
I thought that there wasn't any better way to handle it.

Trinity's most important possession is the ninth-century Book of Kells.
The Book of Kells is worth a lot of money.

A legal and institutional environment that facilitates the development and enforcement of contracts and discourages crime and corruption may also contribute to economic growth.
When companies are forced to honor their agreements and punished when they do wrong, that creates a level playing field after a fashion.

The research questions are how to determine which patients need maintenance activities, what types of activities they need, and when or how often they are needed.
The questions show that some patients require maintenance activities more than others.

Promote Organizational Credibility
Promote Organizational Transparency.

in Dallas there's definitely a crime problem i know it's you know worse in the larger cities um it's kind of a concern for me in fact at the moment i'm thinking of possibly moving to a new apartment and uh it's i am single and female you definitely are going to worry about the location and uh
If I were a single male, I would not worry about crime.  

The cooperation among stakeholders that marked these endeavors has led to some exciting initiatives to improve and expand access to justice for low-income people.
The stakeholders were able to cooperate, leading to exciting initiatives to improve and expand access to justice for lower class people at a reduced rate. 

Quantitative methods were incorporated in the case study in two ways.
The methods were used in the case study to measure and to report.

Every minute gained was to the good.
Every time they stalled, it bought them more time. 

Beyond, in the handsome old residential quarters of the Cete Ducale, is the entrance to the Cetello Sforzesco Musei Civici, a series of small art museums, devoted to sculpture, painting (Pinacoteca), ceramics, furniture, and archaeology.
You may stay in Cete Ducale, but the price is high.

Once Tudjman dies, a more democratic Croatia is likely to be admitted to the European Union.
Tudjman has taxed poor Croatians while living in luxury.

you know the the fitness centers so  oh well that's a waste of money
The fitness center does not give you your money's worth.

i would hope so i mean you've been together a little bit longer than we have
the two of you started dating about six months before we did

It was exciting, albeit in a slightly childish way, to see your name on that signboard, confirming that you still had your cushy job in this historic broadcasting center.
Your name was on the sign because you deserve it.  

It significantly eases the regulatory burdens on offering participants by eliminating the trading restrictions for underwriters of activelytraded securities of large issuers, reducing the restricted periods for other securities, providing a more flexible framework for stabilizing transactions, expanding the securities eligible for Nasdaq passive market making during an offering, and deregulating rights offerings.
The results have only been positive with he new changes. 

Foreclosure terminates all rights that the mortgagor has in the mortgaged property upon completion of due process through the courts.
After a foreclosure, the homeowner's debt is cleared and the loan dissolved.

Nikko is best reached from Tokyo by train (by the Japan Railways Shinkansen line from Tokyo or Ueno stations, with a transfer at Utsunomiya, or by the private Tobu Line Limited Express from Asakusa).
The journey from Toyko to Nikko by train takes one hour. 

will it be mandatory
will we be required to wear a uniform

Was Toobin's own judgment distorted by his presumably large Random House advance?
Toobin was preoccupied by other matters.

To some researchers, case studies are synonymous with methods of data collection deriving from anthropology, psychology, and sociology.
Some case studies are the same as collecting data for psychology for social scientists.

The organizations viewed risk assessments as opportunity, and identified risk areas were communicated throughout the organization.
Risk assessments were communicated by email and posted notices.

I forgot about the other.
I recalled everything else--all but the other remained in my memory.

In 1982, Dole called for increasing the IRS staff in order to collect more unpaid taxes.
Dole had some finely tailored suits made for him.

In 1453, they took Constantinople, and immediately made it their capital, renaming it Istanbul.
Istanbul was renamed Costantinople in 1453, according to history.

but i'm not real sure how that goes
I'm not familiar with the topic.

so they really enjoy it too
So yeah, they really enjoy reading fiction books too.

Once registered, you dial a number in the United States, where a computer with caller-ID recognizes you after one ring.
In the United States you can block caller ID.

Tomorrow the daily papers, all over England, would blazon out the news in staring headlines: "MYSTERIOUS TRAGEDY IN ESSEX"
I can guess what the newspaper headlines will be.

The row Cumulative FGD Limestone Consumption (tons) provides an estimate of the limestone consumption for the cumulative total number of FGD installations, which includes 94 GWe of current installations.
That row gives an estimate of the limestone consumption for FGD installations from the EPA.

When 74-year-old Penny Sweat was evicted from the HUD-subsidized Glendale Senior Housing in Salt Lake City last month, she moved to a nonsubsidized apartment at five times her previous rent because she was unaware of her rights.
She could have submitted paperwork to pay the same amount out of pocket at her new apartment.

yeah yeah they couldn't cover my hourly rate
They are going to go out of business.

For example, critics pilloried ultimate fighting because competitors fought with bare  To a nation accustomed to boxing gloves, this seemed revolting, an invitation to brain damage.
Traditionalists were disgusted by ultimate fighting's lack of protection and brutality.

CHAPTER 8: CURRENT SERVICES ASSESSMENT
You will learn how to assess services 

Programs develop more opportunities for staff to understand the discriminatory impact on clients that can result from public policies.
Programs develop opportunities for the public to understand discrimination. 

San'doro rolled and dashed out of sight before the horse rode him down.
San'doro rolled and moved out of the way before the mad horse rode him down.

You'll see the hot furnaces where the glass mixture (the batch) is melted and blown, and you'll watch the cutting that is done by hand and eye as well as the polishing or engraving.
You can see every aspect of glass being worked on here.

My university has a smaller student body each year.
The college is going to be in financial trouble at this rate.

Since case study designs center on one or a few cases and lack the controls usually thought necessary to an understanding of causal relationships, knowledge that
Case study designs also center on broad cases.

They created the plane plant by the law of identities from that little plane tree sapling, I suppose; it is a plane plant, after all.
The law of identities created a weird looking plane plant.

Do not think that you are betraying your mistress's secrets. 
You are terrible at keeping secrets. 

Production, Survey of Current Business, Bureau of Economic Analysis   
The Bureau conducted a Survey of Current Business

A piece profiles new for-profit prisons specializing in geriatric felons and worries that they will cut services to bolster profits.
The piece does not believe geriatric felons should be put in for-profit prisons.

Mangrove swamps along the coast and squat nipa palms give rise to mangrove jungle.
Nipa palms are are shorter than jungle palms. 

sometimes yeah it depends on the patient and and i guess sometimes the availability of that of the room and how they done built the hospitals because i know one lady like she had a roommate but the woman across the hall didn't have one
It depends on the patient if they will go to a nursing home or hospital.

Despite the success of LSC and its many contributions to access to justice for low-income Americans, its achievements are overshadowed by the fact that so many in our society continue to suffer injustice and are unable to gain access to a lawyer for critical legal assistance.
Almost a third of Americans are unable to gain access to a lawyer for critical legal help. 

Unlike altogether too many biographers, [Assouline] is capable of distinguishing between the singer and the song, says New York 's Luc Sante.
Assouline and Luc Sante have never actually met in person.

They measure 2 1.2 km (1 1.2 miles) long, averaging 12 meters (40 feet) in height, with 88 towers and an estimated 2,500 niches suitable for sentries or marksmen.
Marksmen used this tower in the eighteenth century.

Or they may be defined in terms of monetary amounts that become payable on the occurrence of a specified event, such as life insurance benefits.
Money is paid when you are harmed. 

The elegant classical 18th-century cloisters make a poignant contrast with the Romanesque church.
The Romanesque church gets its inspiration from the 17th century.

Download IE4 here if you want.
Download IE4 here if you want to move back a decade.

Winners to this and last Wednesday's Spiterature Contest to be announced next week.
There was a Spiterature Contest on Wednesday that she won.

The Commission received comments on the rule from 12 commenters, including licensees, trade associations, and a law firm.
The commission got comments from 12 people on the website.

Figure 6-5 shows the number of systems installed over an eight-year period, with most of these systems (97 of 137) installed during two consecutive years (1989-1990).
The installation surge occurred during the first two years of operation.

Coming. Drew left the huddle of his possessions on the bunk.
Drew was not worried that anyone would steal the items on the bunk.

For more profound sea experiences, try scuba diving.
Hang gliding can provide a profound air experience.

Lessons learned report or other report by the Contracting Officer describing negotiations and selection activities.
The Contracting Officer releases a report about how to negotiate with vendors.

Some entities may be involved in the management and liquidation of forfeited property but not themselves be entitled to the revenue or to the use of the property.
Some groups liquidate forfeited vehicles but don't get the revenue from it.

Dark islands in a white sea, or mountain peaks soaring above people see what they want to see.
Bright vistas facing the sea, or a desolate landscape, people have some choice in what they want to see.

Title 31 defines an aagency- subject to GAOas authority very expansively, to mean a adepartment, agency, or instrumentality- of the United States government, but not the legislative branch or the Supreme Court.
Title 31's expanse definition of an agency gives GAO more power.

The island's repeated suffering was duly celebrated in the popular heroic Songs of Dighenis (adapted from their medieval origins for the modern struggle), Pandelis Prevelakis' grim novel, The Cretan, and the lofty writings of Nakos Kazantzakis.
They just suffered one catastrophe after another.

right now we don't have a girl's league because i'm the one that's supposed to start one and i just haven't gotten around to doing it i keep saying we need to have one they go okay then start one but everybody wants to do it but you know God's sitting on my heart and i just hadn't gotten around to doing it anyway so they could really only have four members on the team i think they only have four boys i don't even think they have but two old enough to play yet
I swear that by next year, I will have started a girl's league.

The risk of alienating a voting base is real, but the risk of looking like a prisoner to the ultras is greater.
Changing your stance on the issues can alienate the voting base.

He was very excited.
He felt very happy too.

He never would come right out and say it, Woodward writes.
He couldn't bring himself to come out and say it, implicating himself, Woodward writes.

insights from clinical trials should be gathered and made available to practitioners to help every emergency department and trauma center implement a coordinated, effective, and feasible program of screening and intervention for problem drinkers.
Insights from trials may save lives in emergency departments.  

Nonetheless, swimming after dusk is not advisable.
However, many people have drowned while swimming after dark.

The initial analysis invited comments on the potential impacts discussed.
Comments were left on the initial analysis.

As you stroll along its various shopping streets look for significant Islamic monuments.
The monuments are beautiful and it would be a shame to miss them.

i understand that approach that's what that's exactly what's happening in my family
I understand the approach to becoming debt free; it's what my family is doing too. 

Judge Coffin has personal reasons for agreeing with the alarm sounded by the Paper Chase to Money Chase report. 
Judge Coffin is capable of putting his personal reasons aside when making decisions.

Seventy percent of the companies had fewer than 1,000 employees, and the remainder had more.
70% of companies had a workforce smaller than 800.

The effects are already being felt.
It is going to get much worse very soon. 

North of the River
There is an oasis north of the river.

No ”but ”
Maybe.

Shining in the stark light, covered by cables- a naked body, rather plump, instantly recognisable.
The body had lights shining on it.

After contacting attorneys about Take 2, Wagonheim is beginning to revise his projections.
They took the advice from the attorneys to heart.

By far the oddest offering of the week is A&amp
A& is the oddest offering, only followed by F&

Don't look too promisin'. 
The landscape doesn't seem very promising.

some of them are crazy too  whew yeah yeah they go out there and get drunk and start shooting
When they get drunk they shoot shotguns.

Against the weight of all our knowledge, do you think you could become our master that easily?  Hanson had his own doubts.
Do you think you have what it takes to be our master?

well well anyway well i guess do you think we're finished
Do you think we are done with this job?

GAO will strive to respond to all congressional requests for testimony.
The GAO may respond to some, or all of the congressional requests for testimony.

Trying to summon and express good judgment may be next to impossible--even good judgment about what will sell.
Those who are involved know that a judgemental approach will not be the best solution.

The whole mountain was once blanketed in forest and designated as a royal hunting area.
The forest used to be exclusive for royalty.

Any enhancement of the reagent (i.e.
Reagency needs enhancement 

In general, look for good prices at hypermarkets outside the major towns.
In these markets, the value of food is much better.

Dawkins has rebutted these notions convincingly, showing that the phenomena they attempt to explain can all be accounted for with conventional Darwinian theory.
The unusual situation about evolution can be explained completely by Darwinian Theory.

real hard
hard as a rock

The brinquinho is Madeira's answer to the tambourine, in which miniature cymbals are clanged together by costumed dolls dancing round a maypole.
A brinquinho is a much more elaborate instrument than a tambourine, and is also much more expensive.

But I think that, in an ambiguous, legal, without prejudishish lawyer's way, he was trying to warn me.
He was trying to warn me of the potential consequences of my legally dubious actions.

I suppose when they got the treaty she wasn't any good to them any longer, and they were afraid to let her go.
If they let her go, she could cause problems even larger than the ones solved by the treaty.

with Gil Janklowicz
with her

Hikers should also consider the strange moon-like surface of the Makhtesh Ramon crater (see page 73).
Page 73 contains a picture of the odd texture of the Makhtesh Ramon crater.

have you seen Dancing with Wolf
Have you had a chance to go to the theater and see Dancing with Wolf?

On the way up, you can admire the wildflowers, and in autumn and winter you may catch sight of Audouin's Gull (a rare species with dark olive legs and a black-banded red bill).
Audouin's Gull can be identified by the collar it wears.

but but uh you know i mean the real world doesn't work like that or at least it shouldn't but it seems to in government
They're horribly inefficient and prioritize special interests.

Then there was the blessing of a moment's pause.
The pause felt much longer than a moment.

"You think someone may be watchin' the Stronghold?" Drew asked as he buckled his saddlebags.
Drew was buckling his saddlebags to his most favorite horse named earnie. 

Red said, "Well, I was sort of--"
Red thought he was doing the right thing.

Only a few installations have required the relocation of the air preheater.
Relocating the air preheater often damages the unit.

Awesome green mountains form the backdrop while strikingly tall palm trees dwarf all but a very few buildings.
The backdrop of green mountains is breathtaking. 

Well, why not? 
Let's go for it.

Information technology (IT) has become integral to providing government services, and the management of information in the federal government has moved out of the back office and off the mainframe into the home and office and onto the Internet.
IT is integral to providing government services to the poor.

Fearing German occupation and submarine use of the islands, the Allies imposed a painful blockade and threatened to use military force.
They were afraid of the Germans coming in to take their land.

Over a millennium, Poland evolved from a huge and imposing, economically powerful kingdom to a partitioned nation that ceased to exist on world maps for over 120 years, and finally to a people and land at the center of the 20th century's greatest wars and most horrific human tragedies.
Infighting destroyed Poland from within and reduced its economic power drastically.

you know if if they could get somebody to help compliment him you know i think they'd be uh awesome because that guy can play that Chambers is is something else but uh i don't know it'll it'll be interesting
They really just cannot pick anyone random for him.

Microsoft's disastrous neglect of Washington reminded AOL not to make the same mistake.
Microsoft's disastrous neglect of Washington reminded AOL to do the opposite, which they did.

'What?'
What did you say?

The taxi drew up at the Ritz.
The Ritz is a 4 star hotel for the rich.

Estimated Resources Needed for Single and Multiple SCR Retrofits ...
Both monetary and personnel costs are associated with SCR retrofits.

His career was sketched lightly, and it was firmly asserted 145 that he, and not the figurehead leaders, had been the author of the Russian Revolution.
He was an untrustworthy man with a sketchy past

In presenting the results of those tests, auditors should report fraud, illegal acts, other material noncompliance, and reportable conditions in internal control over financial reporting.
These tests rarely turn up any evidence of illegal acts.

hum oh i see otherwise the the buyer is responsible i mean responsible
Ordinarily, the buyer doesn't have to be responsible.

It all arose from a misunderstanding. 
None of this would have happened had they not had that first misunderstanding.

Gary Gilmore was the one who was arrested and uh found guilty of i think two or three murders in Utah Provo outside of Provo and he was the one that was petitioning to have have you know himself executed
Gary Gilmore requested an execution because he did not prefer life in prison.

Remember, I'm not asking for Just Say No ads or any other form of moralism.
You've often tried to show me Just Say No ads.

Reed Smith's lawyers spent 6,352 hours to recover the archive of Pittsburgh photographer Teenie Harris, who was swindled out of his negatives.
During the 6,352 hours, the lawyers mostly played on their smartphones.

Part of the reason that Putnam's article resonated so strongly outside elite circles-- People magazine profiled him in a bowling alley--is that in using the example of bowling, that staple of 1950s, Putnam touched on a powerful chord of nostalgia for the America of that golden decade.
Bowling is the biggest past time of America.

and they just they looked terrible but they got the the NFL backing them so they might make it
It's a money thing.

yeah that's i had i had gone down to Dallas couple weeks ago
I went to Dallas for business for one week. 

Teodoro, he finds Senor Juanito's purse in the road, he follows to give it back.
Teodor found Senor Juanito's purse on the ground and returned it within 5 minutes. 

In the late 19th century the growth of modern Jerusalem was so great that the Ottoman monarch in 1887, Sultan Abdul Hamid II, decided to open a New Gate in the city walls just east of Zahal Square to serve the new neighborhoods to the west.
The New Gate in Jerusalem is made out of iron.

Accumulating sufficient
Rust can accumulate in sufficient amounts to cause structural problems.

HMOs are raising their rates, and businesses are trimming health benefits.
HMOs are raising their rates due to higher costs.

The 29th. The Russian seemed to consider: "That is rather soon."
When told the 29th, the Russian thought it over then calmly stated that date was approaching fast.

we have places that we can take our motor oil to if you change your own oil at home i
I change my motor oil at home.

The per-piece cost of workshared mail was 10.
Sometimes workshared mail costs less than 10

but i just want to say hey you know let's straighten out you know use that money and straighten ourselves out before we go trying to heal the world you know i mean
It is not practical to try and save the world first.

but this is America and our language is English
Everyone should speak English.

Bush's campaign rationale is that he'll keep America strong and make Americans proud.
Bush said publicly he wants to make Americans proud because that would mean being a good leader.

In addition, the Federal Acquisition Streamlining Act of 1994 requires the head of each executive agency to approve or define the cost, performance, and schedule goals for major agency acquisition programs.
The Federal Acquisition Streamlining Act of 1994 was implemented after a series of investigations found that money was being wasted in major agency acquisition programs.

By 1994, predicts reduction in demand for postal delivery services,
Postal delivery service will become obselete

now it's kind of like when the men do you course you you used to saying used to be the old men declare the war and the young men fight it and now and now it's it's i'm happy to see that the women have the same problem that the men has had because they got the old fat women yelling well yeah they ought to fight but course they don't have to go
It is a fairer environment now, since women are also serving in war.

He was older and leaned heavy on a shaft of oak.
The man was just diagnosed with lung cancer. 

This is the election message Al D'Amato could send just a few short hours from now.
Al D'Amato is the favored candidate.

right that's true i knew that yeah yeah
Right, she is working as a nurse, that's true.

When these same 25 parts are assembled into the final product, the probability that the final product will be defect free is
A common defect of this product is explosive spontaneous disassembly.

What's my big but?
But what?

The sunset colors were still vivid.
The sun had just gone under the horizon.

 He says his guy briefed them for these reports, and the crux of the reports was what was supposedly on these tapes.
His guy knows exactly what is on the tapes.

yeah and and then but then the medicine and and some of these other things and and the chemistry in those kinds of areas milliliter
Ingredients in medicine can be measured.

I have tried to sell a message, it is true.
The writer successfully has sold many massages.

While nitrogen is an essential nutrient, its availability is naturally limited, making it an important factor in regulating the structure and functioning of both terrestrial and aquatic ecological systems.
Nitrogen is the abundantly available although naturally limited.

The message is that you should vote against Clinton not because he lied about sex but because he lies about everything.
Clinton is a womanizer that has no idea what he's doing. 

Oddly, if you're an entertainment person, you never meet anyone from the aerospace industry.
If you're involved in entertainment, you mostly only meet other entertainment people.

The man's ankle folded over around the knob of the club.
The man broke his ankle.

I woke up a week later unable to talk or eat.
I couldn't eat because of my throat injury.

No one argues anymore over whether Gates is really a techie or worries about Jeff Bezos' literary taste.
No one argues about if Gates is really technologically savvy because he's proven himself.

In the case of acid rain, significant reductions in sulfur dioxide have not corresponded to ecological changes due to continuing high levels of nitrogen.
Significant reductions in sulfur dioxide haven't cause ecological changes to occur so far this year.

Forbes : Fashionable things that have no real proof like global warming.
Forbes thinks that global warming is nothing but a silly trend.

His policy succeeded for a time, but following his abdication in a.d. 305, the empire continued to weaken, harassed by invaders and troubled by internal strife.
Invaders harassed the empire because they didn't like his policies.

Cete d'Emeraude
The emerald coast is the most-visited place in Brittany.

no it's just as boring
Physics is equally dull.

The personal saving rate has plunged, with American households spending virtually all of their current income.
Americans have been saving less and less ever since the turn of the century. 

we it's very difficult to find their stations so i guess that's one reason why we use uh we've used Discover and Visa quite a bit for fuel even
The station accepts all kinds of credit cards.

assumption is consistent with the strong correlation between national saving and domestic investment that persists even in the context of a global
They were trying to make the connections even stronger.

The most overused, overworked, hackneyed word in the cliche-ridden vocabulary of pols and their speechwriters, D.C. bureaucrats, think-tank thinkers, pundits and even lowly working reporters condemned to write about legislation and policy making.
Think-tank thinkers do the worst jobs at writing speeches.

Both magazines cover the Glamour - Cosmopolitan shake- 70-year-old Glamour Editor Ruth Whitney was axed last week in favor of 41-year-old Cosmo Editor Bonnie Fuller.
Ruth Whitney was axed because Glamour wants more younger brains.

Culture buffs are well catered to, and there is always a varied program of events, ranging from world-class concerts to local amateur dramatic productions.
There is a local amateur dramatic production of Cinderella on the program of events.

Virtually all the fans with whom I have spoken over the years (quite a friendly bunch, actually) consider the absence of big wrecks, injuries, etc., a key component of a good race.
Most NASCAR fans that I've talked to prefer to watch a race that doesn't have a lot of 10+ car pileups. 

it's a good way to get out with people and you don't have to uh
It's a good way to socialize with tall people. 

Foreign managers will now be blamed for cutting the deadwood.
After growing some deadwood, the blame will be placed on foreign managers.

um-hum yeah um one of the women that i work with her husband is Iranian
The husband of one of my co-workers is from Iran; he is 35 years old.

An' he's drinkin' a lot mean, ugly drunk, he is.
He sometimes breaks things when drinking.

And he can't be revived again.
He cant be revived because he is dead this time.

well they they range from four to eleven and
The scales ranged from 4 to 11 most days.

The cover story assesses HRC.
She was the focus of the article.

we uh our town didn't pass the school budget this year and for the first time in many many years just because people are are in the recession and they're even though we've uh enjoyed very good employment here for the past ten years now we got eight percent uh unemployment when it used to be four or five people are going whoa
Many people are looking for jobs, with little luck.

Of course it is true that for a given level of spending, lowering one tax will require raising another.
Lowering taxes is useless, because you always have to compensate somewhere else.

All housework and mothers' meetings! 
All household chores and parents' meetings!

That the booze-peddling Bronfmans wanted nothing to do with a film that functions as the opposite of an intoxicant is the kind of irony with which Happiness teems.
Bronfmans didn't want to work on that film because the premise was upsetting.

See appendix II for a detailed description of the modeling methodology.
Appendix II has a lengthy and detailed description of the modeling methodology.

She surely is aware that her husband was unfaithful to her before he became president--he admitted as much on national television.
She knew that her husband was unfaithful to her before he became president. 

Domestic violence victims needing legal help can get it through a program launched by Central Southwest Mississippi Legal Services Corp.
Central Southwest Mississippi Legal Services Corp helps domestic violence victims by filing their cases for free.

and the ants would start crawling up your legs and it's like i'm not standing in a mound though
The ants would crawl up your legs and bite you, even if you weren't on a mound.

it might help i don't know
I would like to try it to see if it helps.

That was for a reason. 
That was justified, but ultimately useless.

No one would help me but you and he.
I would have died if you two hand't helped me.

revolutions and desires for change that's going on over there when that first started going on there was a politician in the US i don't even remember his name but uh he made a a not so widely publicized comment that said just wait awhile and see how much US aid ends up going that way
Most people that don't like what is going on with society will try to express their concerns.

Really ”I can't remember.
I never knew it.

The lawyer considered the case hopeless.
All the lawyers knew there was nothing to be done.

Recently designated a World Heritage Site by UNESCO, the wall has been the subject of a great deal of study, and a great number of excavations are now under way all along its path.
The wall contains important objects or art

And that may be you- at the wrong end of the personal attacks.
You may happen to find yourself in a situation where you are on the receiving end of personal attacks.

Each year
annually

With 191 Mr. Brown unmasked and captured he believed, rightly or wrongly, that the whole organization would crumble ignominiously and instantaneously.
He wanted to capture 191 Mr. Brown so the organization would crumble.

It is estimated that there is also enough SCR catalyst capacity to supply this market.
The capacity was recently increased to meet market demands.

well actually it's probably closer to Fort Worth but it's it's in the same area he bought uh bought a big horse farm out in a little town called Roanoke Texas
He always dreamed of owning a big horse farm.

Spun and spun and spun the president's denial for months without bothering to check if it was true.
The President's advisors knew that it wasn't true.

The new Monica sounded sweetly  She told a friend it breaks my heart to testify and said all she wanted for her 25 th birthday was my life back.
Monica was wearing a dark blue shirt with blue jeans.

Jesse Helms could not have demonized homosexuality more effectively--which, of course, is why he was pleased to draw public attention to the pictures.
Jesse Helms had originally created the pictures in order to spread propaganda.

The foundation sprinkles contributions on  homeless shelters as well as hospitals, the Kennedy Center, and powerful think tanks like the Heritage Foundation (which, to its credit, has issued reports decrying Fannie Mae's privileged status).
Fannie Mae seeks to hide its corruption by showering many philanthropic organizations with charitable donations.

Because they are relying on a Bush fade, the contributors easily discount Lamar's dismal poll numbers.
Bush will fade.

Washington, D.C.: Brookings Institution Press, 1987.
It was the first edition.

oh yeah i just i just keep an inventory of what i currently have and then when i start a a new project i go through and see if i if i you know just buy the colors that i need of what i'm low on
I keep an inventory of paints and order more as needed.

The southern coastline is split by the large inlet of Kolpos Kallonis, but beyond this, in the south of the island, the olive is king, especially around Mount Olimbos, the highest point on Lesvos.
The olive products are the foundation of the Lesvos economy.

Saved a lot of wiring, or something.
Some stuff was saved, I think wiring.

It seems suitable in Saudi Arabia, for example, where women can't vote, since it squashes public expression along with hair.
Women can't vote in Saudi Arabia but can everywhere else.

Also, Davis needs to get over his Los Angeles exceptionalism.
Davis used to live in Los Angeles. 

In Georgia, the H-2A visa will be from a few weeks to six months.
The visa was a longer wait time than expected.

never show any anyway anything that i ever wanted i rented a lot of videos  because the closest movie theater was Barry Saint Edmunds and who wants who wants to drive twenty miles to go to the movies
I rented videos because it was just too hard to get to the movie theater without a car.

In reality, there has been very little actual competition for our federal funds.
Only two of the agencies competed for federal funds.

just sit around for their year or would they really you know make a contribution of some kind
Would they make a donation to support the club?

His eyes asked a question.
His eyes darkened with a question reflected in them.

The 17th-century palazzo on Isola Bella is decorated with admirable paintings by Annibale Carracci, Tiepolo, Zuccarelli, and Giordano.
Giordano has three paintings in the palazzo at Isola Bella.

Chronic Bronchitis 
Continual Bronchitis from smoking.

The reason to see Man on the Moon is Jim Carrey.
Man on the Moon has a very weak script.

The Ponte di Tiberio bridge built over the Marecchia river in a.d. 21 is still in use.
The Ponte di Tiberio bridge had to be restored in the 20th century.

and how old are your kids
and what ages are your kids? Also do they play any sports?

i thought we had yeah we just
I know we had done that.

The organization's Oxnard office broadened its services from farm worker-related aid to basic assistance last year when the federal government chose to fund it, over Channel Counties Legal Services, as the county's sole provider of legal help to the poor.
Oxnard is a city known for its historical cheese museum.

This means, for example, that for a large mailing going 3,000 miles, the same postage would be charged for e-ounce pieces requiring one tractor trailer as would be charged for 3-ounce pieces requiring four tractor trailers.
Postage is getting cheaper because of more delivery in general.

Show me again.  He was sure it wouldn't work twice, and he hesitated, not too willing to have his stock go down with her.
She was a very experienced player and had financed her recent trip this way.

The marginal cost of carbon reductions range from $46 to $138/metric ton through 2015 with each scenario showing successively smaller costs as technology characteristics improve and more energy-efficient and/or low carbon technologies penetrate the market.
Carbon reductions became easier to implement as a direct result of low carbon technologies entering the market.

Although oranges grow all around you, freshly squeezed juice is hard to find.
Most of the oranges are exported for commercial juicing.

They left rather suddenly."
They were running late to an appointment.

Fish (heads discreetly wrapped in paper) are still hung out to dry in the sun.
Along with the fish heads, the tails are also a delicacy.

He added that the literature shows client outcomes and cost-benefits are improved by either research follow-up or a brief monitoring phone call.
Many people do not take the literature into account.

Barr thinks the private, Washington-based non-profit organization, which pays local groups to represent the poor, is not doing business the way it should.
Barr thinks the organization isn't operating like it should, as it is losing money.

The federal government has always considered frequent flyer awards to be property of the government, and sought to reduce travel costs by requiring their use only for official travel.
Every government employee who flies uses frequent flyer miles. 

Pepsi's  Its truck drivers know the crazy traffic patterns better, and it's just bought Tropicana to compete with Coke's Minute Maid.
The Tropicana brand is worth 300 million and comes with ten fully-functional operating plants.

About 6 years ago, under the leadership of Pfizer's CEO and CFO, Pfizer's corporate finance organization embarked on a reengineering initiative to transform its charter, processes, products, and services.
Pfizer had been planning a reengineering process about 10 years ago, but it had only started around 6 years ago.

they i don't see them getting i mean when i was undergraduate i went to a relatively small school for my first two years and then i transferred to a very large school
I went to a small school for my first two years and then transferred to a larger school and I liked it better.

uh and we're gonna try to teach him good values because you know when when when they get to upper level school and they start teaching well hey if you can play football or basketball that's what's important not if you can read or write or do or understand understand some science you know i mean give me a break that's that's that's bogus
I want my kids to be good at school.

Difference feminists reject the big time as a crude, ugly, and destructive male pursuit.
Feminists see the big time as a step backward in equal rights between sexes.

just joy reading yeah i i i hear you there that's for sure
I fully agree with what you just said.

The tubes formed are more than a kilometer (half mile) in length.
The tubes are almost a mile long.

This 17th-century bastion looks its age and then some.
This bastion was aged prematurely by weather damage.

As a result, the English parliament enacted the Penal Laws of 1704, which disenfranchised the Catholic Irish; their purpose was to keep the majority of Irish poor and powerless.
The English parliament was becoming concerned about a possible Irish uprising.

Nearby Ramses Square plays host to the Victorian Railway Station, designed in the heyday of colonialism and fronted by a monumental granite statue of Ramses II transported from the ancient Egyptian capital of Memphis in 1955.
Many tourists who visit Ramses Square also go to the nearby Victorian Railway Station.

As it changed from mob gam bling town to corporate gaming venue, the population of Las Vegas skyrocketed.
Las Vegas' population and venues multiplied when it stopped being a mob gambling town.

Weather obsessives shop on the Web.
People who are obsessed with the weather spend more than those who are not concerned with it.

It also found itself famous as a worldwide bargain shopping center.
The shopping center had goods from all over the world. 

I'm sure blackmailers never arrive in buses!
I am sure blackmailers only travel by air.

Why? Why?
I have no idea what caused this.

Programs and their staff members are encouraged to collaborate with the community and apply bold strategies in addressing community problems.
Programs and their staff members should address both community and business concerns. 

Please note that, like a reheated stew, this dodge works even better after a military action has begun.
They could have answered the questions about this but choice to dodge them once the military took action.

But if you can control it and bring in one of your computers or the parts for one--  Sixteen tries later, Dave was cursing as he stared at a pile of useless items.
Dave was tired of trying and failing and close to giving up.

For purposes of this product, any reference to the Social Security trust fund refers to the combined Old-Age, Survivors, and Disability Insurance (OASDI) trust funds.
Most other references to the Social Security trust fund does not refer to OSADI.

In fact Tommy concluded that the gathering was now complete, and was just cautiously creeping out from his hiding-place, when another knock sent him scuttling back to cover.
Tommy said that the gathering was therefore complete last week.

Halpern, Edward S. Auditing Naturalistic  Some Preliminary Applications.
Edward Halpern is an auditor 

In the opinion of many, Cuba is an isolated socialist dinosaur.
Cuba is thought to be an isolated socialist dinosaur by many because they have chosen to separate themselves from the rest of the world.

The Dutch sent an invasion flotilla to Macau in 1622, but the defenders triumphed.
The defenders of Macau eliminated the entire Dutch army.

um and he's from the Philippines
He was born and raised in the Philippines.

The initiative is his response to a pattern he noticed during his 25 years as a family court judge.
The initiative is the most important project he has undertaken in his career.

Legal services programs in the United States began in the 1960's as special model projects initiated by the federal government's Office of Economic Opportunity.
Legal Services programs were started by the government's Office of Economic Opportunity in hopes of providing more economic stability for low-income people.

He drew forward two chairs.
He brought forward two chairs so they would have enough at the dinner table.

The museum distinguishes itself, they say, by focusing on aspects of Jewish culture other than the Holocaust (Jews are shown as they might have liked to be remembered, rather than as victims).
The museum is popular among people of Jewish descent.

The FDA rejected the regulatory alternative of a total ban on all tobacco advertising.
The FDA reviewed the regulatory alternative for weeks before passing a decision.

 "Don't know.
Someone else knows. 

The scenery northwest of Santana is just as delightful.
Northwest Santana is less visited by tourists.

now that's strange
Something doesn't sound right.

Immigrant shopkeepers and boomer entrepreneurs needed to let passers-by know they were ready for business.
The executives were thrilled to let everyone know they were open for business. 

In fact, I think that the United States is still, despite Asia, more at risk from inflation than deflation.
The US is at risk of inflation due to the amount of money it's constantly printing.

and i i think the you hear the news you know you start out in the morning and all day you hear the news and by time say you get off work and go to vote you feel like it doesn't make any difference
Throughout the day people get their news from many sources.

well i i had known a lot of undergraduates who pick schools because they want the best reputation for a school not realizing that the reputation for MIT is because of the of the doctorate research
I chose to attend a school with a good reputation.

yeah which it's not that way now but i think that there is just that i think that it's just Latin countries are slower in coming around
They just have to keep working toward it. 

After Kailasa, the Jain caves (numbers 30 34), excavated between the eighth and 13th centuries, will come as an anti-climax and this despite the considerable prowess of their sculptors.
The Jain caves were raped and pillaged for the riches found there.

It's almost barbaric in a certain way.
The punishment is almost barbaric. 

Phentermine is a relative of amphetamine that reduces hunger and increases metabolism.
Phentermine has a number of adverse side effects due to its nature.

This is the bill mail, i.e., mail used by non-households to send bills to households.
Some mail is sent to households from businesses to collect payment.

Newsweek's short article about aggressive driving is also titled Road Rage.
Road Rage, a short article in Newsweek, mentions fatalities due to aggressive driving.

yes well not really because usually it's when we go off you know like for a couple weeks or so it's usually like that
And when we come back, it's still like that.

well this is kind of ironic because i work in TI's legal department
I went to law school to study for my career.

but when you're doing the guilty father complex you know because he's not there to watch us grow you can kind of get all kinds of stuff you know
They try to live for the moment but being a father is hard.

Legends In The favorite of many return visitors, this classic Las Vegas impersonation show features all the greats from yesterday and today.
There are a lot of tourists that go to the show in Vegas because it reminds them of how Vegas used to be.

The celebrated asymmetrical silhouette of the magnificent Gothic cathedral, with its single tower and steeple rising on the northern side of its facade, will give your tour of the city an inspiring start.
The gothic cathedral was build in the 18th century.

Afternoon tea and black-tie dinners are still served at the most elegant hotels.
Elegant hotels are full of clients that choose to live their lives in a luxurious manner.

LSC reiterated guidance on not reporting financially or otherwise ineligible clients, referrals of ineligible cases or cases for which no legal work was performed.
Some ineligible cases include cases were legal work is not applicable.

Legal services programs provide a broad range of generalized information and assistance to people wishing to handle simple legal matters themselves without extensive assistance from an attorney.
Legal service programs are much less expensive than using attorneys.

Your gateway to Malaysia will probably be through its capital, Kuala Lumpur, a modern city of broad expressways, skyscrapers, and green parks to balance the urban sprawl.
Kuala Lumpur has the largest population of any city in Malaysia.

Clearly, some amount of stock compensation makes sense in order to tie the interests of the shareholders with the interests of top executives; however, the amount and structure are both important to ensure equity and avoid perverse incentives to maximize value in the short-term at the expense of the longer-term.
The shareholders don't always have their interests tied.

The eastern group of structures includes three Jain temples.
The eastern group of structures has three Jain temples

it's a yeah it's a seventy nine Lincoln it's got over a hundred thousand miles and there is no problem with the car see the i think
The car was mostly used to get to and from work.

GAO will not provide an opportunity to comment in cases where (1) disclosure of an investigation's results could pose risks to individuals and their confidentiality or (2) premature disclosure of information could compromise the results of the work.
Comments are accepted for most cases.

It's a relatively harmless place by day, but you should exercise some care after dark.
A few nights ago a young man had been robbed there.

At the program's critical design review, the PAC-3 program had completed 980 engineering drawings-21 percent of the eventual drawings needed for the missile.
The missile needed a lot of planning into it.

Who delivers what type of intervention
Different people give different interventions.

It renders endogenous all of the physical characteristics of the route including the mode of delivery, the grouping-ratio (addresses per stop), and the difficulty of accessing the buildings.
There are also non-physical characteristics of a route that are of equal consideration.

i just see a lot of uh social and cultural differences that could uh pose problems with uh Puerto Rico becoming a state
I see a lot of cultural differences between Puerto Ricans and Americans so that could be a problem with them becoming a state

yeah although i guess it's your you want them to rehabilitate and become better rather than sitting in there and being a drain all the time
I think most people want them to rehabilitate but aren't willing to pay the price.

I stood helplessly as several dozen of the great bobbing boilers moved toward me.
I had run into the wrong building and was no under attack by the great bobbing boilers.

Among the most important elements for effectively implementing the new cabinet department will be close adherence to the key success factors.
Close adherence to the key success factors will guarantee the effective implementation of the new cabinet department.

As Herman Melville once famously asked in Moby-Dick , why don't whales collapse under the pressure of all the water they swim under?
Melville wrote Moby-Dick in 1874.

Retired Judge Joseph Thalhofer agreed.
Judge Joseph Thalhofer disputed the decision with the jury.

Northwest Justice Project and Columbia Legal Services are non-profit organizations that provide civil legal assistance to low-income individuals and families throughout Washington state.
Columbia Legal Services is non-profit and gets funding solely through donations.

The questions were about what he had told his kids about drugs, and what other parents should tell their kids.
His kids listened to his advice about drugs.

The first statement suggests that the rate difference be set equal to the simple cost difference.
Most businesses prefer to avoid this method of rate setting.

The battlements afford good views over the harbor, and there are craft shops upstairs.
The battlements afford good views over the harbor, and there are craft shops upstairs but their prices are too high. 

you know and um a lot of people said they've seen very big changes in my boys for the better you know and um i think that you know i've i've done both sides and it's it's no matter what people say it it is too difficult
some people have told me my sons seem more thoughtful

General Accounting Office, Federal Employee  Expected Increase Over the Next 5 Years Illustrates Need for Workforce Planning, GAO-01-509 (Washington, D.C.: Apr.
Workforce planning will be helping federal employees get a salary increase over the next 5 years.

Kinky Friedman, who wrote [uh-oh] 'They Ain't Making Jews Like Jesus Anymore.
Friedman was a noted rabble-rouser and a fervent social justice activist.

related policies, standards, procedures, alerts, and special notes;
The alerts are relevant to the material of the study.

After all, he twice declined opportunities to run for office in the '70s, when he was a much more credible candidate than he is now.
He is not a very credible candidate now and would have no chance to win.

uh from what i'm seeing and hearing and all the the big pattern that's really looking forward for spring is the grub pattern
I'm seeing and hearing stuff that tells me that fishing isn't a big hobby of yours.

I had seen what they could do to men," From behind him, Ca'daan could feel Thorn stiffen.
"I have seen the atrocities they can commit," Ca'daan said.  Thorn replied with a confident flourish of his sword--"Let them come."

In recent years the French national health system has approved reimbursement for spa treatments and the number of curistes seeking treatment has risen.
People take advantage of spa reimbursement. 

No part of the Temple building once surrounded by these walls still stands.
The temple building was destroyed in the war.

The wicked sharp point of his curved blade shone in the midday sun.
The curved blade gleamed from the midday sun despite being covered in blood.

A greater percentage of the French population lives in cities, while a larger percentage of the U.S. population lives in suburbs.
Most of the American population lives in suburbs because they are convenient.

An' it was a pleasure to do fo' a gentleman.
I am always happy to help others out.

City Mail is an example of geographic cream skimming.
City Mail sometimes takes the best off the top.

One element of data collection that distinguishes case studies from other techniques is that comprehensiveness of interviewing is very important.
Data collection is perhaps the most important phase of research.

The Folies Bergares (rue Richer), which launched the careers of Josephine Baker, Mistinguett, and Maurice Chevalier, and the Lido on the Champs-Elysees are both classic survivors.
Josephine Baker sang with Maurice Chevalier accompanying her at the Folies Bergares.

Palestinians depend on Israel for employment, and Israel will insist on controlling Palestine's international borders.
The international borders of Palestine and other nations are controlled by Israel, and they also provide employment to many nations, such as Palestine.

In the meantime, Albright had promoted the United Nations' disastrous Safe Havens policy, which placed masses of unarmed Bosnian civilians under the protection of minuscule numbers of U.N. (but no U.S.) troops--that is, left them at the mercy of Serb paramilitaries, who systematically set about driving them from their homes and killing them.
The UN could not afford to send more troops to protect the Bosnians.

well it's it's not really all that bad uh i think you live in Plano so uh the the Plano area and the Richardson area probably are are about the same pricewise i would think
The price difference between Plano and Richardson is only a couple of hundreds.

The Bugis in Johor's administration provided much of the spirit in that State's independent stand in the 19th and 20th centuries.
The Bugis was enthusiastic about independence because he wanted a free united India.

Legend holds that this gorge was created by the saber of Manjushri (see page 15).
On page 15 you can see a depiction of what Manjushri's saber might have looked like.

But it is an idea, that!
Ideas were in short supply.

who are totally prepared to teach to teach your child everything they need to know in day care and
Your child will learn positive social skills and the foundations of logical reasoning at this day care.

There is a long amiable letter to the young Lafayette in 1779, in which Washington, in a giddy mood, drifts into a reverie about competing for Lafayette's young wife with Lafayette himself--a funny bit of teasing, followed abruptly by a rueful reassurance, worthy of Stendhal himself, that amidst all the wonders recorded in holy writ no instance can be produced where a Woman from real inclination has preferred an old man.
Although he had pursued her as a single man, several years later, Washington still harbored feelings for Lafayette's wife and thought of her as "the one that got away."

But often, she says, the resulting reforms have been cosmetic--a token low-level bureaucrat assigned to hear problems, with no forum to do anything about them.
Low-level bureaucrats are frustrated by their lack of power to make needed reforms.

The IRA, you might say, already lives in a Hollywood movie, with its noble heroes, amoral enemies, and glorious deaths.
The IRA is in a Hollywood movie and has some good guys and lots of bad guys.

well that that just seems to be a person who just doesn't care about much of anything around sort of you know doesn't doesn't sort of likes rights probably but doesn't like responsibilities responsibilities no i think
"That person seems to be more enamored with rights than with responsibilities because of many digital distractions."

but we went in for uh uh something for the car one day last week and he went we went and bought a potty chair uh uh one of those Ninja Turtles for my son uh you know the potty chair for my daughter and he bought the
He was like a father to my children.

In 1826 Richard Barrett won a800 in a competition when the house's entryway was selected as the best mile of macadam road in Jamaica.
Richard Barrett's entryway was filled with all kinds of flowers.

To the southwest of the Petrified Forest, take the road to Eressos and its beach resort of Skala Eressos, birthplace of the poet Sappho.
The beach resort is famous for its contributions to the economy and charities.

Louis-Philippe inaugurated the final version in 1836, complete with bas-reliefs and statuary celebrating the victories of the Rev?­o?­lu?­tion and the Napoleonic Empire.
The king adopted the final version of the constitution in 1836.

it's uh for the past couple of years uh i since my parents are are well i'm from Argentina and my parents live down there so all the traveling i do is alone
I'm from Argentina and I go back a few times a year.

For industry, the policies include voluntary agreements with industry groups to achieve defined energy efficiency and emissions goals, combined with a variety of government programs that strongly support such agreements.
Voluntary agreements with industry groups are included in the policies because they are very beneficial.

Just a mite impatient to leave us, commented Julius, as the car gathered way again.
They didn't get along with Julius. 

yeah it it was quite it was quite amusing i used to i was in Viet Nam for a couple of years plus extension
I had to leave Vietnam to return to my family.

He only came here because I told him I heard the thunder from here.
He is terribly afraid of the thunder.

Crashed his car, and is banging Lora in Drojeda.
He crashed his car driving out to Drojeda to bang Lora.

yeah yeah mountain streams and rivers
The salmon come from mountain streams.

While these varieties are generally incompatible with one another, all this code-writing has resulted in a far-flung community that understands the Unix beast.
The community's engagement in code has resulted in teens who are masters of Unix.

In fact, they gave a precise definition of the word overwhelming, according to which roughly 10 percent of all true hypotheses should come packaged with overwhelming evidence.
Not many things can be considered to be "overwhelming."

A Taleju Temple, which is located through the Golden Gate at the far end of two courtyards, is closed to non-Hindus, but you can admire the carving on its door and get a peek past the attendant soldier to the ornate interior.
The temple is closed because of the vandalism from kids and break-ins from religious fanatics.

The point is that the power to choose and craft questions is more profound than the power to choose and craft answers--and with that power goes responsibility.
There is more power choosing questions because you can put people in difficult positions. 

The Board of Directors of LSC is composed of eleven voting members who are appointed by the President of the United States with the advice and consent of the Senate.
The Senate almost always confirms the President's nominees without much fuss.

It is the race problem--that tangled web of history, hostility, demands, frustrations, injustice, and lawlessness--that gets, and deserves, attention.
Racial issues have been ignored for awhile now.

I guess there's nothing wrong with your memory.
Your memory has no issues because you have to recite our creed and successfully done so.

The chief villain, bombastically named Darth Maul, is a horned, red, Kabuki-style snake demon with orange pingpong-ball eyes who challenges the Jedi to a couple of clackety light-saber battles.
Darth Maul is a representation of the devil who loves to fight

Make a stop at Blea Tarn, only about a ten-minute walk from the car park; this beautiful body of water, surrounded by the high fells, offers one of the most beautiful views in the National Park.
Blea Tarn is one of the National Park's most popular tourist spots.

DWP's strategy also established performance measures for the reduction of the amount of losses from fraud and error in the Income Support and Jobseeker's Allowance benefit programs.
The strategy put forth by DWP is widely regarded as wise and should be successful.

going back full-time i think is is the way to go
I don't mind doing it part-time though.

The crowd roared.
The women in the crowd were loud.

And Molly Haskell says the film demeans and demotes women outrageously.
The film depicts all the women in it as stupid.

"That colt's not a wild one." Kells surveyed Shiloh knowingly.
Kells knew how to tell a wild colt from a tame one.

i don't know what they used to do  before they
i don't know what they did before they had typewriters

A contributing factor to this was a lack of understanding about the full requirements for the new system at the critical design review in 1997.
Some individuals understood.

so that kind of reeks havoc with plans
The plans are a complete mess due to that.

A sizable segment of this long curving beach of white sand is devoted to naturisme; almost everywhere else on the entire strand, toplessness holds sway in the current French fashion, but nobody insists on it.
Current French fashion of toplessness on the long curving beach means to not wear a hat, even on the most sunny of days.

The West and East Gardens are split by the Mound, an artificial slope of rock and soil that carries a road connecting the New Town with the Old.
The gardens are easily accessible through the road. 

but couple couple Christmases ago we had a a freak storm and i live near the coast actually i live like right on the coast of North Carolina
The freak storm in North Carolina happened in December of 2014.

As had happened at the fall of the Roman Empire, the Christian Church provided the essential element of national unity.
The Christian Church was responsible for the fall of the Roman empire.

Bennett won't get away with trashing her on the record or off this time around.
Bennet needs to go away 

well see i don't really see the need of it you know how many elementary school teachers do you think are going to be on drugs
There is no need to have drug tests for teachers in elementary schools.

Mesquite logs, adze-hewn and only partially smoothed, were placed over the doorways, and the plank doors themselves were slung on hand-wrought iron hinges or on leather straps, from oak turning-posts.
Logs were used to build the lodge and the lodge was beautiful.

Ca'daan spoke of the bandit tribes in the barrens and, as well as they had done against the slavers, Jon had no desire for further battle.
Jon didn't want anyone else to die.

i i i think the country is is um too ingrained in the inches and and just the general um background the history of our country has been inches and i don't think there's a big advantage in going to the metric system
I think it would be a great disadvantage to people, if the metric system is adopted.

i will get on it one day and see if i can uh um what what do they win they they win money i think don't they
I will have to find out if they win money.

What form of wonder is a computer?"  Dave shook his head at the old man's monomania.
Dave didn't like the man.

The U. S. Environmental Protection Agency is charged by Congress with protecting the Nation's land, air, and water resources.
Protecting air and water resources takes very different enforcement strategies.

In the aftermath of the war, Poland was Sovietized, with the installation of a Soviet-friendly communist regime, the nationalization of businesses, confiscation of church property, and forced exile of political and religious leaders.
Several people were murdered during this transition period.

To make this less of an issue, I have taken to cooking dinner for us at my place or drumming up occasions for dinner to be my treat.
My cooking is spectacular and loved by all.

'You want me to flush him out of hiding.'
You want me to make him appear so we can arrest him.

Dating from 1888, it has recently been restored to its original splendor, and produces most of the performing arts.
It hasn't been renovated in over 200 years.

i see yeah i i like the uh uh i guess if i had to pick a favorite team i'd i anymore uh well as i kind of grew up rooting for Philadelphia
If I had to pick a team, it'd be Philadelphia but I don't follow it anymore.

The Kal doubled over, his war club hanging from his wrist.
The Kal doubled over in excruciating pain, yet his club still hung from his wrist.

The control limits would consist of one concentration interval above and below the concentration representing the central tendency.
The control limits should be as close to the concentration as possible.

The Hackathlete who polls the greatest total will be declared the winner and will return next year to face three new challengers.
A Hackathlete is someone who wins the hack a thon, a computer competition.

yeah right when i was uh younger we i lived in the east i'm from the east really and it seemed like there several people that i knew that had their uh parents i guess they would be but well in their seventy living with them
I had my parents live with me in their old age.

The Trustees' longterm assumption reflects the average labor productivity growth over the
Longterm productivity growth will double

Other towns known for embroidery are Manacor, Pollenca, and Art? .
Manacor embroiders clothing and blankets.

For another, you can't walk anywhere, and even if you could, you wouldn't be any place once you got there--no civic center, no parks, no shopping district.
You would have to get a bus to go to the nearest park.

Without a similar decision review to bring accountability to the DOD process, acquisition programs can-and do-continue to advance into system demonstration without a stable design.
The DOD is in a hurry to implement the system design and skipping the essential review process.

Before Paris became the national capital, it was the home of the medieval dukes of the region that is still known as the Ile-de-France ' which, by gradually asserting itself over other duchies such as Burgundy and Normandy, imposed its name on the whole country.
There was pushback from Normandy and Burgundy, but Paris ultimately won out.

and she's doing it i mean it's not like it's like
She is cooking something.

The Throne Room is huge the ceiling is 40 metres (130 feet) high and lavishly decorated.
The Throne Room is 20 metres wide.

Although Enron may have violated this 3 percent requirement, the 3-percent level would seem to be way too low in a environment in which we should be focusing on economic substance versus legal form in accounting and reporting as well as attest and assurance matters.
Enron might have intentionally disregarded the 3% requirement in order to hide profits.

In pure type-1 worksharing, the analysis of the decision and the benefits is simple.
The analysis proved the type 1 program was working much better compared to the old program.

You'd never dream what's underneath.
You couldn't dream of what is beneath because it is too grand.

nothing  and i i know i know the scud attack scud attacks are some are exciting to somebody but after you've seen them seen them for two weeks in a row
You get used to seeing scud attacks although my mother never seems to calm down after them.

Hiei to the north.
Many people find it hard to locate Hiei.

Now, remember a few minutes ago when I talked about the Commission and Postal Service difference of opinion on the matter of how costs vary with volume?
Remember how I was saying that the Postal Service are trying to cut costs by sending packages filled with helium?

in the high ranking things i mean when you look at their history and what they've done to their own people what they've done it's like
What they have done to their own people is despicable.

on the other coast
On the west coast.

What is your credit-card number?
Do you have any money in your account?

I'm inclined to give Hastings a free hand, though I should prefer to wait a bit. 
Hastings wanted help right away. 

But he is funny. 
He is a good friend to hang out with.

and then just sort of told well you're here now you're part of our country and you be this way uh i i think it's a sad state of affairs but
They are told you cannot leave this country now.

The man looked to Ca'daan and then to the others.
A man looked at Ca'daan to make sure everything was ok, before looking at anyone else.

Don't you understand? 
What is so hard to understand about it?

The B5289 moves along the shores of Derwent Water and then follows the beautiful green valley of the River Derwent, where families gather to swim and picnic.
The B5289 was originally designed to move along paths much farther north, but was re-purposed for this. 

This is similar to exceptionbased T&amp
This is one of multiple similarities to non-exception-based 

and uh  that's a lot of fun then they have a uh there's a commercial water park they're called the Schlitterbahn which is a barrel of fun
They have a fun water park, that's always way too crowded, called Schlitterbahn.

The Constitution is most necessary when it is most inconvenient.
The state Constitution is needed the most when it isn't convenient. 

i mean it's not very many miles from our house at all
It's only located about three miles from our house.

far as Roosevelt and say that the social programs have certainly gone up and only economics have caused a few cutbacks but still the desire seems to be that the government say
Social programs give many people opportunities that they need to have careers.

That second wave wasn't his decision, the pain and shame of retreat forced them back again - Stark would have known that was a mistake.
If Stark hadn't died, he would have been able to prevent the decision that led to the second wave.

In my head, I saw a little drama play out.
My imagination filled as I began to see many things in my mind, one of which most standing out to me was a little drama.

yeah they warped real easy yeah
They were not very durable.

And the country's manufacturing output has been reduced by half during his tenure.
The decline of manufacturing output has been aided by government policies.

Minimum reporting shall consist 
Minimum reporting may include

with cash
There were an inordinate number of dollars involved. 

well see we're in a real small county area and you know that makes a big difference
The county next door is way bigger so they don't have the same problem.

how to combat it i mean i don't i don't think uh ideally you know you need money to do everything so that's one thing that
There are a few ways to combat it. 

Felipe II's royal decree was based entirely on  the idea being that Madrid, smack in the center of Iberia, would promote centralized authority over regional power bases in a newly unified Spain.
The royal decree alter the future of Madrid.

Or does richness breed an instinct for longevity?
Does richness breed an instinct for wealth development?

What precautions were taken?
Precautions were necessary.

and i wish we could down here
We have been trying to for a while now.

Julius, said Tuppence firmly, "stop walking up and down.
Julius is annoying Tuppence with his moving up and down.

An unexpected piece of historical memorabilia turns up in the monastery garden, where guides point out a small stone table used for a treaty-signing ceremony in 1844.
The ones who negotiated the treaty were none other than the Jesuit monks.

c) Low at 50 cents to 55 cents per pint, or under $3 per six pack.
The prices are very low.

 Federal Communications  Access to Telecommunications Equipment and Services by Persons With Disabilities
The change in accessibility was implemented recently.

Set in Cuba during the Spanish-American war, the novel is part Western (the main character, Ben Tyler, is an Arizona cowboy) and part noir (he's in on an arms-smuggling scam gone bad).
Ben Tyler has a love interest who is kidnapped by vicious pirates in chapter three.

How? Sir James's questions fairly shot out.
Sir James had a slip of the tongue.

well it's been interesting talking to you
I look forward to talking in the future.

Kentucky had been tamed; trains did puff along through the Blue Grass and the mountains there.
Kentucky used to have only horses, but now the locomotives were happily puffing along.

but um i also am sponsoring a literary magazine and we're doing our entire layout on the computer uh because of the graphics program and a page maker program that we have a publishing program
The literary magazine said that we were the most qualified people to sponsor them.

i don't know but they did when i when i moved up here so they might want to move away
They don't like me and want to get away from me.

I admit that even though my taxes are relatively simple and I took a tax course in law school, I still hire an accountant to complete the forms.
I do this because taxes filed by an accountant are less likely to be audited.

For combustion turbines, this term does not include undertaking such a program or entering into such an obligation more than 18 months prior to the date on which the unit begins operation.
The unit needs to have a lot of planning in it.

Although women earning under $10,000 were no less successful when they dieted than women earning over $40,000, they were one-third less likely to diet in the first place.
Women earning under $10,000 are less likely to diet because they can't afford it.

Vouchers need to be worth enough to afford real avenues of escape.
Vouchers aren't worth the energy when they don't help a person in a difficult situation.

The rain fell as the sun dropped behind the western wall.
As the sun set behind the western wall, rain fell down on the kingdom.

Jamaica's popularity as a tourist destination was now undeniable.
Jamaica's economy relied primarily on the tourism industry.

Web advertisers, meanwhile, don't seem to place any special value on reaching paying subscribers.
Web advertisers should add special value for paying subscribers.

Political Turnover Rates in Executive Schedule Positions Requiring Senate Confirmation
There are a lot of people coming in and out of politics.

Back to story.
The author needed to use an anecdote to help explain the story but got side tracked.

Only in more recent post-colonial times did its natural geography exclude the countries of Pakistan and Bangladesh.
Colonization split apart many countries. 

In a city of such human proportions it is not surprising that parks and gardens abound for recreation and relaxation.
Recreation and relaxation are provided in all of the cities 200 parks and gardens.

Someone let out a chuckle.
Someone snorted as they chuckled.

In the group A1/PSP, together with the home-room teacher it was decided that each lesson will begin with a humming of the soundtrack theme from the newest version of the 'Soldiers of Call of Duty in the Blitzkrieg Return to Castle Wolfenstein' game.
They played a lot of games outside of the classroom.

Households for whom individual accounts closely resemble 401(k)s and IRAs and who are currently saving as much as they choose for retirement would probably reduce their own saving in the presence of individual accounts.
Individuals accounts cause all individuals to invest less when given the option.

yes and no income tax no i uh i look at it this way uh you've got to pay for the privilege of living here
To me income tax means you're paying for the privilege to live here, but it's barely worth it.

The media and moderate Republicans, convinced that these issues are the party's weakness and that its libertarian economic ideas are its strength, have interpreted Bush's remarks as a rebuke to Republican Puritanism.
Moderate Republicans believe they have a greater weakness than a powerful strength.

well you i don't know no i can't no and they probably used to have it i just finished a a major research paper a couple of weeks ago and i couldn't imagine not having that thing on a disk where i could go back in and move stuff around and change it i
My research project was submitted to a competition. 

Despite the number of visitors passing through, Skala is still a Greek village at heart, with a number of traditional tavernas to be found in the streets around the small main square.
Locals frequent the many tavernas in Skala.

Behind them are vast groves of banana trees.
The groves are vast.

And privacy--cloak of night, stocking mask, and any digital equivalent--is all that separates the thief from the law.
The thief uses the cloak of night to rob women.

He is treating me like gold, Green said. 
Green was willing to do anything to return the favors.

Darn it all, why?" The little man shifted his benevolent glance to the excited young American.
The man thought the American could give him the answers.

Stay to hear the One O'Clock Gun but note that it is very loud, so prepare little ones for the surprise!
The OK Corral is famous for its themed attraction, such as the One O'Clock Gun!

and and if we take my car in to be fixed he'll he'll tell them what he wants and then he'll say well well call my wife if there's anything else that needs to be done  and then they call me at work because he he doesn't work near uh uh uh doesn't
He isn't able to deal with it after that because he works far away.

Penn's taxonomy cheats the liberal vote just as Greenberg's taxonomy cheats the moderate vote.
Some people are lead to believe that Greenberg's taxonomy is cheating the moderate vote, but not as much as Penn's taxonomy cheats the liberal vote, which is being criticized greatly at the moment.

i mean these these types of internal things go on all over the world all the time some of them have been going on for for tens of years if if i understand it right in places like the Sudan and
Sudan's economy has been crippled by endless internal conflicts.

At another, the mother of a teen-ager murdered while in Johnson's employ sobs, People call you a hero ...
A mother blamed Johnson for her daughter's murder.

um we got one day of snow and one day of ice other than that it was pretty good just cold
The winter was mild in comparison to recent years.

oh yes i don't watch her anymore not after that Star Spangled Banned thing
I used to watch her everyday until that Star Spangled Banned thing.

well i i i'm ready to convert i i we probably all thought it was strange you know again five years ago but i don't think there's that many people with reservations anymore i don't know if uh
I'm ready for AI, we thought it was weird not that long ago but we're ready for it now.

Dimly lit shops continue to dispense what they always books, cheese, religious statues, and military medals.
Soe of the shops sell bleu cheese made in the area.

This is nonsense.
This can't be understood.

The mushrooms, Chinese broccoli, bamboo shoots, and baby corn all retained good textures, and the tofu chunks seemed like a stroke of genius.
The specific ingredients, from Chinese broccoli, to the tofu chunks, all added to this dish. 

that's the most fascinating thing
The most fascinating thing about it was the smell it had. 

Yes, I do.
Yes I do like candy.

I concentrated on keeping myself calm.
I concentrated on trying to stay calm, but it was very difficult to do, especially with all of the noise around me.

To create a control environment that instills a culture of accountability over improper payments, the following strategies should be 
There has been too many improper payments going unnoticed.

Personal Communication (2) with Ande Abbot, International Brotherhood of Boilermakers, Iron Ship Builders, Blacksmiths, Forgers and Helpers, February 22, 2002.
Personal Communication (2) with Ande Abbot, IBB, ISB, FH  and more February 22, 2002.

In Grand Rapids, subsidized housing is critical to people's ability to maintain basic security in their lives.
The people are reliant on this type of housing.

The only specialized construction equipment that can be useful for SCR installations are tall, heavy-lift cranes.
The only construction equipment that's helpful in SCR installations are big cranes with 100 foot booms.

It wasn't until he finally became aware of his own name being shouted that he looked up.
His name had been being shouted for around 40 seconds before he answered.

Gauve kept his eyes on Ca'daan.
Gauve watched Ca'daan's balance.

Are we talking about dozens of people or thousands?
Many people are discussed 

Surrender- the ugly option.
They did not want to surrender.

As discussed in Section 3.3, utility engineers reported that while installing SCRs for the NOX SIP Call, crane availability has been an issue that can be accommodated with proper planning.
It would be very hard to properly plan for crane unavailability.

How different? He paused a moment, then went on: "Where is the girl now?"
He was trying to find the girl.

The capital of the island, Tinos Town, houses the icon in the Panagia Evangelistria, a church that sits at the top of a gentle slope rising up from the port 1 km (0. 6 miles) away.
People are religious on the island. 

Train sets and racing car tracks will bring back childhood memories for many.
Toys are things that bring back memories the most

The model assumes that there are two primary determinants of cost for a postal  volume and size of the network.
Postal volume and its size is a hard task to correct.

well they do have places around here where you can get money for your newspapers and stuff like that but
you can take your newspapers in for money, but those places are out at the edges of town

The staff are friendly and there is a swimming pool.
The staff is friendly and greets you right away.

uh huh Saint Claude is that sound familiar yeah
Saunt Claude sounds like something I know.

interest rate on the thing it just has to be awful because it
The interest rate is thirty percent on the thing.  

The old man looked back and finally nodded his head.
The aged man shook his head as he looked back behind him.

Of course, at the time I didn't even know if I was in London.
I really felt like I was in a different country at the time.

i i wonder if they should give them a test or at least maybe uh not take their license maybe give them a refresher driving course and just to just to see how well they are every five years
I would not mind a refresher driving course myself.

oh it was horrible i well never ever go back i don't think uh and yeah and that that's true um
That was the worst weekend in recent memory.

Near the ducal tombs is Rogier van der Weyden's portrait of the third great duke, Philippe le Bon, with the Golden Fleece ' the emblem of the chivalrous order that he founded in 1429.
Rogier van der Weyden was a famous painter who created more than 100 portraits.

Alcohol problems can be identified along a range of alcohol use and consequences.
The problems of alcohol use can be identified easily.

Although the Costa Calida extending southwest beyond Cartagena has opened up to property development, you can still find quieter stretches of beach.
Costa Calida is southwest of Cartagena and there are new developments there.

The new ships will be quieter, stealthier, and more efficient.
The new Navy ships are sleaker and quieter.

When he entered treatment room number 3, called the Chamber of Absolution, he saw the masseuse wearing a uniform designed to look like burlap rags.
He went in the room and saw the masseuse putting lotion on his hands.

uh-huh yeah um what do you think of the uh LA Raiders used to the the Oakland
The Raiders used to be in Oakland.

oh yeah the oranges here look disgusting so
The oranges here look disgusting but they are actually quite tasty.

But after praising the album's freshness and listing the many guest artists (from Eminem to Aaliyah to Lil' Kim), most critics start nit-picking.
The public's reception to the album is mostly positive.

but i'm i am and very fortunate in that i was able to retire you know with with health benefits
My wife was not able to keep her benefits after retiring. 

To heed the better angels of your nature, you must know the devils first.
Everyone has two sides to them, the good and the bad.

On a more mundane but equally fascinating level, you will see the collar and bowl of Greyfriars Bobby .
The bowl of Greyfriars Bobby is made of wood.

they they just like to get in and dig
They just like to get into the holes and dig for gold.

Beginning January 1, 2010, the requirements of Subpart 2 of this Part will apply.
The requirements of Subpart2 of this Part will be applied from January 1, 2010, according to the law.

He wondered if this recommendation was the appropriate place.
He needed to be sure the recommendation was right 

and that's real good and uh well at TI i have a real good benefits package for uh uh you know like for going to the doctor and that kind of thing so that's not something i really have to put in the budget that seriously so
Though I feel sorry for the poor and unemployed who can't afford to go to a doctor.

see so there still
There's nothing left to say.

Actual production labor is expected to account for about 30 percent of the charged time.
Twenty percent of the charged time is accounted for with extra long lunch breaks.

uh-huh i think so well i guess i'd better close now so i can
I think I'd better close now or I'll just ramble for an hour.

The huge Victorian greenhouse, New Palm House, is impressive and packed with ferns and palms that thrive in the warm, damp environment.
New Palm House looks utterly beautiful. 

committing a
Observing a

that you didn't apply for it's yours
You were too busy to bother applying for it.

And the Prince Charles reappraisal  Newsweek says Charles is witty and charming, a wonderful philanthropist, and a better parent than Di was.
Charles is witty and charming and very popular not only in the United Kingdom but all over the world as well.

I do agree with Mastio's general premise that Hudson is not fundamentally to blame.
Mastio thinks that Hudson did not cause the accident, and I agree with him. 

Under modern governance theory, the board works for the shareholders and the CEO works for the board.
CEOs are no longer allowed to be members of the board.

Why Is Japan's Saving Rate So Apparently High?
The savings rate in Japan is over double the savings rate in the United States.

Around the whole structure is a retaining wall with a narrow corridor allowing visitors to explore the carvings on every exterior wall.
The structure would be unstable without the presence of the retaining wall. 

Perhaps there's a third way, and that's just to admit that we're incapable of being logically rigorous about issues involving the unconceived.
We're incapable of admitting that we're incapable.

And the treasury was empty after earthquake, famine, and plague had crippled the economy.
The famine that crippled the economy was caused by a blight. 

oh yeah oh yeah it's uh that's the finances i guess we're on the subject of finances it is tough uh i've been with TI i'm just going to be fifteen years this year and that's a tough thing uh the salary thing TI doesn't quite always do it right well what about our our our financial budget well you you should have a lot of information on a budget then if you're uh
TI's salaries do not always come on time.

With Portugal facing the Atlantic Ocean , rather than the Mediterranean Sea, it remained cut off from most trade routes.
Most trade went through the Mediterranean, not the Atlantic.

The pawns were left behind to point guns at one another and look tense.
The pawns were prepared to pull the trigger on their guns. 

Then probably my liver, or whatever else is valuable, working their way up-'
My liver is worth $50,000.

In other words, it's not our vocabularies but our ability to string words together that is a distinctively human evolutionary adaptation.
The evolution of syntax made us human.

We should have studied you more deeply and you should have been more honest with us.
The fact that you knew the solution all along should have been mentioned.

Yet the church, begun by Jesuits in 1748, is a thing of beauty; one half expects its bells to erupt in triumphant song.
The church was begun by Jesuits in 1748 and it continues to flourish to this day.

that's cheating isn't it  well i think we like the same kind of music  nice chatting with you
I think we like the same music, but we should listen to more to know for sure. 

You could see that at a glance.
You could see her nose at a glance.

Design features Site selection depends on program diversity, cannot be used with highly diverse programs; best, worst, representative, typical, or cluster bases appropriate; must keep number of cases manageable or risk becoming minisurvey, can use survey before or after to check generalizability or mix survey with concurrent case studies selected for special purposes; data rely on observation and structured materials, often combine qualitative and quantitative data; analysis uses varying degrees of formalization around emergent or predetermined themes; reports are usually thematic and describe site differences and explain these; variation in degree of integration of data across sites and of findings from different methods
Site selection is expected, despite drawbacks, to be finished by the end of the year.

The man had no money and could not afford to hire a lawyer.
The man had no money and could not afford to hire a lawyer, however, The man had a Gatorade bottle in his backpack

La pauvre petite! 
There's a Frenchman.

The Federal Register notice identified a number of possible interpretations of the presence  (1) an alien must be physically present in the United States when the cause of action for which the recipient provides legal assistance arises
There is an exhaustive list of ways to interpret the presence according to the Federal Register notice.

I've got them in the barn.
I have all the secrets hidden in the barn.

oh that's nice my baby's expecting her first baby this month say yes
She's so proud to be a mother to a baby.

yeah and as far as local local elections are concerned pardon me i can understand you know why a lot of people don't vote on those because in the first place not many people are are really that knowledgeable knowledgeable about what the uh what the uh candidates are for or against
As far as the elections are concerned, I understand why people don't vote because they don't have a clue what they're talking about in regards to foreign policy.

oh great great that's wonderful yeah
That's good to hear you are doing well.

Jordan said, but the notion of mutual protection, equating the two parties, is not part of state law.
As a result, such cases can involve lengthy and expensive law suits.

Unable to afford private legal counsel, the families asked for help from legal services attorneys at the Northwest Justice Project and Columbia Legal Services.
The families required pro bono assistance from the  legal services attorneys.

and i mean that kind of surprises me i mean you know because once oil gets so you know thick and yucky you'd wonder how they could you know clean that up enough to use it again but they can
During the oil spill, we all were wondering about the clean up process.

Randy, I've been rethinking that 'he-man' stuff I said about Tom Selleck.
I said some terrible stuff about Tom Selleck.

Likewise the Baby Bells, who, facing economic and technical obstacles, have abandoned plans to branch out into video.
It costs a lot to go into the video industry.

Saint-Malo remains an important fishing port, ferry terminal, and yacht harbor.
The ferry terminal of Saint-Malo was briefly closed.

Instead of watching TV, I made a fresh start by purchasing a newer version of Linux.
I play sports more since I purchased a newer version of Linux and stopped watching TV.

Besides earrings, brooches, necklaces, and bracelets, you will find plaques and filigree jewelry, perfume bottles, snuff boxes (originally designed for betel nuts), belt buckles, caskets, lacquered trays, and magnificent bowls.
Belt buckles are a popular item to buy.

[The lights fade as the girlfriends engage in cross talk.
The girlfriends talked excitedly as the lights faded.

Control activities can include both prepayment and postpayment mechanisms to manage improper payments.
Prepayment and postpayment mechanisms always ensure proper payments.

However, some of them indicated that certain IT practices (e.g.
The indicated practices were all recorded.

Macau has an ample supply of Portuguese wines.
Macau has always been a supplier of Portuguese wines.

Including the red Curtiss biplane.
The red biplane was included in the plans to take off on a mission. 

so how about you oh that's good
I am happy for you.

The fact that they are succeeding tells us something about the magnetic appeal of racial fundamentalism.
Since they are successful, they know about racial fundamentalism.

Facilities include a pool.
Facilities include free doughnuts every morning.

but we'll need at least a whole day just for that.
We'll need a whole day to go to the zoo.

i don't think just lay back and not do anything i think lets go to war but let's go to war praying and let's go to war for that way so
Taking no action is worse than going to war.

and that was uh a that particular campout
That's all I have to say about that campout, I haven't done anymore since.

if they aren't prepared for it
If they aren't ready for the lawsuit, they better get there.

For bitchy wit at its best, set your VCRs to catch Bette Davis in the incomparable All About Eve (Monday, Cinemax 2, 4 p.m.).
All About Eve is on Cinemax every Monday afternoon at 4pm.

The town has two royal palaces; the brash stone residence Istana Iskandariah, and the more elegant traditional timbered Istana Kenangan, now used as a Royal Museum.
The Royal museum is one of the royal palaces in town.

And children.
There are adults and children.

just learn to accept and i have two dogs too and they've  slapped the dogs around too  every now and then  so
You can also slap the dogs around too, if you want. 

And even more rare, a Sai Kadam.
A Sai Kadam is is not found in many countries.

shoot that's a good idea
That is a good idea, I wish I came up with it. 

Hammerschmidt-Hummel, working with a team of scientists using advanced photographic techniques, found close similarities between the mask and a famous bust of Shakespeare, which she believes was copied from it.
Hammerschmidt-Hummel worked with a lot of people skilled in photographic techniques who wanted to learn about Shakespeare more closely.

Like George Wallace in his twilight years.
I am just like George Wallace was when he was old.

For example, T and A data may be recorded (1) daily, (2) when deviations occur from an individual's or agency's established work schedule, or (3) at the end of the pay period.
All T and A data should be recorded on paper.

Further, we discussed our findings with our Executive Council on Information Management and Technology, a group of executives with extensive experience in information technology management who advise us on major information management issues affecting federal agencies.
There are too many issues affecting federal agencies.

OMB noted that the guide and the practices suggested in it will help federal agencies as they implement GPRA.
Federal agencies need a lot of different help implementing GPRA. 

well you weren't charging gold and silver were you you can't do that can you
There's no precious metal you can charge for. 

It is said that one of the conditions of her bequest to the National Trust was that Herdwick sheep must always be bred on her farms.
She left over £1,000,000 to the National Trust.

Yo Kud, wassup? You're talking? Clarissesetto said.
Kud approached Clairssesetto in a hurry.

yeah uh i agree with you um um what i'm thinking about is back oh when i was a kid and much earlier than that kids were kind of you know the parents kind of pushed them to join like the Boy Scouts or the Girl Scouts and they did do do do a lot of public service activities but these days they're not um parents parents aren't encouraging their kids to do things like that because when i was in the Girl Scouts we did a lot of public service things because that's just part of of of the scouting and you know
I enjoyed being in the Girl Scouts when I was young.

uh i i wouldn't know what to do with it
I wouldn't know what to do with so much money

I nodded.
I said yes.

It is also extremely important that we maintain and strengthen our capacity to effectively serve the Congress and meet the growing demand level in the future.
The demand for Congress will increase due to increased population.

how how much uh how much uh how much pork do you buy for two people
How much rice do you need to serve with pork?

The very air seems to be blue more than 20,000 turquoise Iznik tiles glow gently in the light from the mosque's 260 windows, decorated with lilies, carnations, tulips, and rose.
The Iznik tiles are nearly 2 meters across and are covered in floral patterns.

Time claims that friends say Willey's calm demeanor masks a surprising volatility ...
Willey has always had a very short fuse.

Solid candidates, such as RFK (or HRC), weather the charges.
RFK and HRC are the only solid candidates in our nation's history. 

All this is sage advice--for couples, for families, for bosses and employees, maybe even for book reviewers.
Couples who read this book experience immediate benefits to their relationships.

Then the knives came down.
The knives fell off the counter.

and no i'm not i'm just like you a person on the uh phone
I'm just a young man calling you from my iPhone

The gentle paths along the small rivers that meander through the town provide serene views of ricefields and superb scenery.
The genuine experience from walking along the serene paths is amazing.

These districts on the west and north sides of Kyoto are home to most of the city's major temples, set within the surrounding greenery and mountains that prompted the Emperor Kammu to select this site for his new capital, Heian-kyo, in 794.
The Emperor Kammu had to choose a new capital because the previous one was sacked by invaders.

The answer to the question How does the device work?
The answer to whoever asked how did the device work is: read your instructions.

it was uh you ought to rent the uh F X part one It doesn't say part one but it it's F slash X
When you rent it, it doesn't say part one.

Other efforts to prosecute Nazi war criminals--from the apprehension of Adolf Eichmann in 1960 to the ongoing efforts of the Simon Wiesenthal Center and the U.S.
There were other efforts to prosecute Nazi war criminals during the years, said the teacher.

(The return crossing, however, is never as bad. )
During the rainiest parts of the years, the return crossing can pose some challenge.

um-hum well we watched the ACC play-offs or i guess
We enjoyed watching the ACC games.

A 1994 study for the American Bar Association concluded that approximately 80 percent of poor Americans do not have the advantage of an attorney when they are faced with serious situation where a lawyer's advice and assistance would make a difference.
 A 1994 study for the American Bar Association concluded that chickens have heads too

The river looks wonderful from its period terrace and flower-strewn gardens, and it's de rigueur to enjoy afternoon tea or a cocktail while admiring the view.
The river also looks wonderful from the second storey bedroom.

um i lived in Massachusetts for two years and they have a total ban on guns and i saw that it didn't stop crime in that state
Massachusetts' total ban on guns was established in 1905.

At the time of our review, APHIS officials were attempting to identify the circumstances in which electronic comment approaches work best.
APHIS official, at the time, were trying to understand which electronic comment approaches work best, so they have found out now.

Making Mergers Work workshop at the national NLADA/ABA Equal Justice Conference in March.
The Making Mergers Work workshop will be about business information and success.

And if you're really looking for Rennie now, you'll find him down at the course."Shannon's smile was gone.
Rennie is down at the course and that made Shannon unhappy because he told him not to be there.

Caen was a major objective of the Allies in the 1944 landings.
They worked very hard to acquire the land. 

you know i i don't know i guess if if we had more power we're just people off the street so to speak and
We're just regular people.

what  oh okay  maybe i'll call you back after  after the recording is finished actually i think we have talked about football for five minutes i i can't remember
I'm going to try and call you back after the interview recordings are finished playing, probably around 5 pm. 

Household payment mail has been declining.
Less bills are being sent to homes due to technology 

no i served on on both a criminal and a a civil um jury and in my criminal trial he pled guilty um to the first to to kidnapping and so we went through the second part of the trial because in Texas there are two parts first of all to find if they are guilty or innocent he already said he's guilty so then then we go through the trial to determine what uh punishment should be meted out
The overall process is longer than it needs to be.

Istanbul is one of the world's most venerable cities.
Everyone respects Istanbul.

Bauerstein was here on Tuesday night ”the night of the murder. 
Bauerstein arrived here late Tuesday night after the murder had already taken place.

It Gislebertus did this.
Gislebertus painted this picture.

It is a working plantation producing a mixed crop of spices and fruits, but it also opens a fascinating window on plantation life during colonial times.
This plantation is known for it's granny smith apples.

Eleanor Chelimsky Assistant Comptroller General for Program Evaluation and
Eleanor Chelminsky reports to the Comptroller General.

right in day care yeah i agree i uh you know it's fun being single it's like i almost have to work right now i'm at home because i am recovering from surgery but uh
He recently had his appendix removed in compliance with his doctor's orders.

the petting farm yeah
yes I remember the petting farm

'I mean, it's not my degree.
I have never studied that.

We could be the biggest circus-fellows in the world.
We would be very famous.

The boat train to Holyhead stops at Chester at 12.14.
There is a train stopping in Chester at midday.

Other incentives his group has undertaken include taking staff out for lunch or handing out $100 American Express checks.
He treats his employees really well.

You couldn't know, Tuppence consoled him.
Tuppence was upset that he didn't win the lottery.

Waiters carried bottles of ancient and royal vintage with loving care.
The waiters held the bottles with fancy orange mittens.

Estimated Aggregate U.S.
This data probably refers to United States information.

Rysdale, the oil king?"
Is Rysdale the king of anything else?

In terms of the purposes of the study-finding out what was stressful to the women and why the incidence of mental health problems among them was so high-the case study method disclosed the importance of any change in life circumstances as a source of stress rather than merely confirming change that the observers might have thought stressful a priori.
Finding out what was stressful to the women was important to the study and future studies as well.

well that's really too bad because it it it's giving some people unfair advantage i mean we our high school up here is like a junior college in Florida what we learned
They should change the system, do that everyone has the same advantage.

Lewis and Ahmad are both right.
Lewis and Ahmad both gave the right answer.

70 "It's all over the village about old Mrs. Inglethorp dying so suddenly. 
Everyone in town knows about Mrs Inglethorp's murder.

'I...did he?'
There was ample confusion in the house over whether he had accomplished the deed.

A Jewish underground resistance force (Irgun) was set up to fight the British and smuggle more Jews into Israel.
Irgun often fought with violence against the British.

I was quite honest with him. 
I was worried about being honest with him.

But they're also diverging.
They have been diverging for two months.

Its private park has a music pavilion favored for secret strategy sessions.
The park also has a music areas, which have been used for all sorts of meetings.

Every third person I past seemed to be shivering a little; suits clung to their portfolios, while scientists hugged clipboards.
The air was uncomfortably cold in the room.

In 1890 an important imperial edict on education was issued, promoting Asian (that is, Chinese and Japanese) values in culture and stressing loyalty to the emperor and general harmony.
Prior to 1890, Asian values were not often promoted.

Currently, LSC uses a cost-per-case analysis when it conducts on-site evaluations of grantees.
This evaulations are very complex.

In a minute Tommy had slipped out and pulled to the door.
Tommy slipped out and pulled to the door to open it.

They are produced by several organs in both sexes, may be converted into one another, and can have varying effects in different species, sexes, and individuals.
Each individual has different body parts, changes into other parts automatically, and can have long term effects brought on to it.

and i was a freshman in high school you know and i was the peon but uh it probably took i don't know maybe the first semester to get to get to where i was really comfortable with school because um i hadn't been in the public school system for so long and it is just it's really different it uh the children there are a lot a lot wilder than what i was used to i was grew i grew up in a very protective home and then whenever i got to high school things were just so much different especially nowadays i mean even the high school that i went to just recently they put up these little metal detectors at each door when you walk in to make sure you don't have a gun and things like that and uh
I was a freshman in high school and went to a big school that had a huge violence problem.

inspection you know they have the state income tax
It's not very high, but still affects the family budget.

One solution being proposed, for instance, would take some landing and takeoff slots at major airports away from the industry giants and auction them off to smaller, low-fare airlines.
One solution was to take slots at airports away from the big airlines and help support Spirit and Frontier. 

have you watched any of those games
I've watched all of them this season.

So there is no way yet to know for sure who wins and loses.
The two were so close in their finishing time that there is now way to decide who wins and loses since it came down to milliseconds. 

Hopeful parents often seek out donors who are athletic, Ivy League-educated, animal-loving, or acne-free.
Parents will only choose a donor who is Ivy League-educated. 

and then all a sudden the music in the background changes and it says but you didn't plan on it breaking down
When you push the button, the background music changes.

I don't know whether Ron Brown was guilty.
I don't know if Ron Brown is innocent but I think he is.

37Appendix IV includes a list of educational websites on saving.
Some websites include lists of financial saving, or saving as it is called, to help individuals.

yeah i i pulled for them for the sole reason because i didn't want 49ers to win
I am a big fan of the other team.  

Besides, added Tommy, as an afterthought, "I've great faith in Tuppence." The journey was wearisome, with many stops, and crowded carriages.
Tommy fooled himself into having faith in Tuppence, despite the trip being a feat of endurance.

Some residents of the  duty-free  US Virgin Islands nearby even do their Christmas shopping in Philipsburg, Marigot, or Gustavia.
The US Virgin Islands do not have enough shops.

Leading organizations dedicate an increasing percentage of their IT budgets to training.
Training is very important to maintain. 

Swimming pool, tennis courts, health club, and many other facilities.
There are other facilities, but the swimming pool and tennis courts are the highlights.

yep it's tough it's tough
It's tough, but the reward makes up for it.

that's tremendous
That's fantastic and just what I was expecting!

As a founding member of the Euro?­pean Community, France looked to a wider, continental challenge in the 1990s.
As the largest country in the European Community, France has the biggest pull.

Here, let one of the maids go down and wake Baily and tell him to go for Dr. Wilkins at once. 
Baily will have a long walk to get Dr. Wilkins.

After coaxing information from the woman, Luu called the elder-abuse hotline.
Luu called the hotline for help for her grandmother.

The Mars cover package says that if the probes landing this week find frozen surface water, it could indicate that liquid water remains in the planet's warmer interior and that life could exist there.
Finding frozen surface water is an indication of life on Mars.

The 19th-century restorations of Viollet-le-Duc have maintained the church's majestic harmony.
There were many workers employed in the restorations of Viollet-le-Duc.

do you yeah i pretty much i i guess i stick pretty much i got a couple of Moosewood books some
The books are very helpful. 

There stood the dark monolith of the Salmon Corporation skyscraper.
The Salmon Corporation building was the largest one in the city.

Senior Partners for Justice is less than four months old, but already Ginsburg has some of the city's top lawyers working for some of the region's poorest clients.
Senior Partners for Justice was formed on a Tuesday.

The final rule adopts a new standard for foreign participation in the U.S. satellite services market consistent with the United States' obligation under the World Trade Organization Agreement on Basic Telecommunications Services (Agreement).
Foreign participation in the U.S. satellite services market has been high.

In the window was a big roll-top desk strewn with papers at which the master of the house was sitting.
The messy desk belonged to the master of the house.

Finally, the tabs have been wallowing recently in the misery of people you can't remember or never heard of.
The tabs have been over exaggerating the misery of those people. 

Personal Communication with C. Martin of ADA Environmental Solutions, August 14, 2001.
The ADA is responsible for cleaning our waters.

5 events, we use the distributed lag model for PM10 reported in Schwartz (2000) to develop an adjustment factor which we then apply to the
The lag model needs the adjustment factor for accuracy.

The interior was decorated by important artists and craftsmen of the time and the apartments of the Prince and Princess of Soubise are worth seeing.
The most important artists of the time decorated the apartments.

Recent data have shown that not to be true.
The data was a total farce. 

If you do stop in Basse-Terre, you might like to spend some time at the large market just off the capital's broad shoreline drive.
The market is worth stopping at.

and uh i i love it i have two sons still living down there
I love Georgia, and I have two sons and a wife still living there

Sha Tin is the site of the Monastery of 10,000 Buddhas, which looks down on a burgeoning town.
The Monastery of 10,000 Buddhas receives insane amounts of donations from the locals.

You're a bit of a dream.'
I dream of you often.

You'll see his aircraft, a machine for making screws, hydraulic timber-cutter, revolving bridge, various machine-tools, and a system of map-?­making by aerial views created long before any aircraft, even his, was operational.
His aircraft is still operational to this day.  

If you squint, it looks like we won.
We didn't win. 

(The New York Post 's Page Six gossip column ran a lead item on the Enquirer story on Christmas Day.)
The New York Post deliberately ran the column on Christmas Day.

Very well.
That sounds good to us.

Seems like you've got you a four-legged gold mine there, Kirby, he said.
That horse seems to have a lot of value, he said.

That should really stir things up.
That should change everything.

Beachfront sports shops are willing to rent you a board and can usually direct you toward lessons as well.
The boards you rent at beachfront sports shops are usually more expensive than you could get at other places.

Tiger Woods won the Masters golf tournament and was anointed a Transcendent Sports Phenomenon.
Tiger Woods won by a large margin.

Approximately 13 kilometers (8 miles) west of the city is Queensferry, a town that developed as a croseng point of the Firth of Forth for routes to the north of Scotland.
There is nothing, however, to the east of the city.

Many's the time Annie's said to me: 'Mark my words, Albert, I wouldn't wonder if the police was to come after her one of these days.'  
Annie speaks to me quite often, mostly about the police.

The sight of his money flowing liberally unnerved him deeply, even when it flowed to something he valued.
Since getting a new accountant, it was easier for him to see where his money was going.

so we i i know that and i've been to Israel and i know and i sort of toured the area and i know that it really is very lots of different cultures in one place i mean and and it's the same thing i it's it's almost the same thing out out in the Soviet Union right now there you know there are
In the Soviet Union, there are a lot of different cultures trying to make it work in one country.

I never thought we should!" 206 "Oh, I thought we'd get to London all right.
I never thought we would be attacked on our way to London.

And it's not just because time on the bird (the communications satellite) has gotten cheap.
Time on the bird has gotten cheap, but this is not the only reason, according to social media.

no huh-uh i've never seen anything out i never seen the great i've seen
Besides not having seen what greatness I've seen, I also haven't felt it too.

Little by little he gained upon them.
The caravan was oblivious as the bandit slowly caught up.

Hong Kongers are increasingly restless about Chinese rule.
Chinese rules affects a lot of Hong Kongers.

What will I impugn, if not motives?
Can I impugn the motives of the soldiers?

You would, however, receive an affectionate reception if you were a domestic animal--sorry again, the term preferred by animal lovers is date.
Animals are welcome, especially aardvarks with diseases.

They have also asserted that our examination would unconstitutionally interfere with the functioning of the executive branch.
They state that the exam would interfere with the executive branch's functioning because no one could pass it.

The objectives of the prospective payment system are to encourage hospitals to operate efficiently, while ensuring that they are compensated for legitimate costs.
The prospective payment system is due to be rolled out in 2017

I do not see any reason why I should not answer your question. 
I don't see why I shouldn't answer you, John.

It took a little more courage for a Western historian to say that then than it does to say it now, with the long confrontation finally over.
During the confrontation is was pretty hard for Western historian's to admit that.

Heald said, We used to have almost all of our funding from four sources, general unrestricted funds.
This year two of the four sources were unable to continue providing funds.

But I must take the other tray.
I wanted to put more food for the guests on the tray.

The original decoration has long since disappeared.
The original decoration was hundreds of years old before it disappeared. 

Information technology has transformed the ways we communicate, learn, use information, conduct commerce, practice health care, and build and design products.
Information technology has fundamentally changed society and the world.

Now it's hard to imagine Kosovars accepting any kind of Serbian rule.
Kosovars have opposed Serbian rule in the past.

oh okay way down there i see i see i was i was up there Christmas my sister got married in Duxbury
I went there to visit during the Christmas season since my sister was getting married.

yeah well i find that uh if i want to lose some weight that uh i can't do it unless i exercise as well
yeah I want to lose some weight, I need to start running a few to times a week to do so

Reservations for hotels, jungle lodges, and flights to and within Nepal can be hard to confirm in the busiest seasons if you wait too long.
Nepal draws in many tourists and pilgrims every year.

oh yeah oh yeah yeah i can remember the big Thanksgiving dinners my mother would make
I can easily remember my mother making big Thanksgiving dinners followed by pumpkin pie.

oh it's a it's a lure i see
I see you tied a lure on there.

In summary, the total time needed to complete the design, installation, and testing at a facility with one SCR unit is about 21 months; at a facility with multiple SCR (seven) units, total time is approximately 35 months.
The amount of SCR units affects the total time a lot.

Thus the 1994 chapter on  Pathologies and Behavior led off with two big charts on teen-age out-of-wedlock birth rates since 1960, which were shown to be rising impressively.
The 1960s birth rates were rising impressively.

Richard Longabaugh commented on how much remains unknown about what motivates patients to change their use of alcohol.
Richard believes that there is not enough funding for studies on ex-alcoholics, which is why we don't know much about their motivations to change.

Amid the devastations of war and the more-recent depression of the region's declining coal, iron, and steel industries, the historic town of Nancy stands out as a gleaming survivor.
The region was devastated by World War II.

With Disney's brand name perhaps stronger than ever--its theme parks, movie studios, and merchandising machine booming--the fact that the part of the company unconnected from that brand is struggling must make Eisner wonder whether this was an investment that needed to be made.
ABC is owned by Disney but it struggling. 

The Germans are faceless with one  a captured pillbox Nazi who babbles and cajoles for his life, sings American anthems, extols Betty Grable's gams, and screams Fuck Hitler!
The captured pillbox Nazi was born in Pennsylvania to German parents, where he developed his love for all things American.

Dealing with this kind of situation is different from anything being done today.
The situation requires new projection tools to predict.

i really like that that's a good show and i like Rosanne now i know not many people probably like Roseanne but
I think that Roseanne is the best show that I've seen in my entire life.

After the intense emotion and summertime heat spells (air conditioning is not always available), cool off at the seaside resorts of the Riviera or any of the gem-like islands.
The heat spells occur in the summertime mostly, but occasionally there are a few in the winter.

Arriaga next to the tourism office.
Arriaga is located next to the tourism office on Main street downtown.

More intuition and less common sense.
The common sense is great to have.

But in any case you will wear gloves fitted with the finger-prints of a notorious housebreaker.
In any case, there is no chance that they will know it was you.

you basically can take care of everything yourself
There isn't much to do so you can do everything yourself.

The place also offers a terrific view.
Aside from other advantages, the place has great views.

Today's decision is the culmination of the anti-poker backlash.
Anti-poker enthusiasts still prefer to play other casino games such as blackjack.

It's not a conclusion that can be forced on me--or anyone else--by statistical science.
Statistical science cannot predict how I will enjoy my job.

i workout with them or try to
I don't work out as much as I should.

This report has been peer and administratively reviewed by the U.S.
Since the report is peer reviewed, it is most likely a research document.

It's not just that he does the Kaufman routines with the kind of hungry gleam that makes you think he's channeling the dead comedian.
He does a Kaufman routine because Kaufman was his favorite person ever. 

Bartolome was there waiting for them.
Bartolome was waiting impatiently. 

Ca'daan grew nervous.
Ca'daan was nervous about the demons being nearby.

so we're getting a large oh gosh i don't know i think there's like twenty six different languages now that are spoken in i the DISD Dallas Inner City School District
There are 26 languages in the school district so we hired ELL teachers.

All that has changed since Felipe V found?­ed this workshop in 1721 is the method of dyeing the wool.
There weren't any serious changes after Felipe V's workshop was founded.

The Military Tattoo has an office at 32 Market Street and shop/gallery at 33 34 Market Street (behind Waverley Station), where you can see photographs from past events as well as purchase souvenirs and tickets.
The Military Tattoo has a gallery that features 45 artists at any given time.

College students, drop your pencils!
Drop your pencils because time is up.

i like the uh i don't know it seems like some of the best shows they take off the air one of my favorite shows was Wise Guy and they took that off the air
There is a conspiracy to remove all the best shows from television.

He was tossing back a weak, hanging slider and demanding a fastball so he could hit it harder.
The pitcher knew better than to give him this opportunity.

But we are still not quite there.
We will be there shortly.

Management's Role
Management has the most important role.

here at home under each of those names
I don't really like the names being used here.

Auditors should include audit documentation on their assessment of risk, and, when risk factors are identified as being present, the documentation should include
The documentation is vital for the audit.

Maybe a man.
 Perhaps many things, a man included. 

To the opera,
There is an opera nearby and they will see a show there.

For instance, a contract to install a scrubber on a 500 MWe unit at the Coleman Station in Kentucky is scheduled to be completed in early 2004 (approximately 24 months after the contract was announced, which is several months shorter than the installation schedule set forth in Exhibit A-1).
The contract for the 500 MWe unit will be completed in February  2004.

As the god of time and ascetics, he decides the fate of the world.
He will choose to destroy the world if he becomes angry.

The moderate Indians were delighted, but revolutionaries saw it as a foot in the door, while many British officials retired rather than serve under Indian ministers.
The British men that retired were going to before they found out who they would be serving under.

This factual record provided an important context for consideration of the legal question of the meaning of the presence requirement.
The record contained a lengthy summarization.

i i i think anything that you enjoy um it doesn't really have to matter i mean it could be working on cars could be your hobby really
something like DIY could also be your hobby as long as you enjoy it

That's hardly surprising when one considers how little time companies take before agreeing to merge.
Many people get fired during this process.

The town's advantage over Reims is that you can combine a visit to its cellars ' you are more likely to get a free d??gustation here ' with a drive southward along the great Cete des Blancs vineyards that produce the white chardonnay grapes.
Cete des blanc vineyards are more popular because they produce the white chardonnay grapes.

Not suitable for young children.
You must be at least 21 to stay here.

uh no that's more no that's not i do actually i like Asian cultures  that why i was that's funny that you mentioned that
How did you know I liked Asian Cultures?

A major limit to realizing this improvement is the lack of counseling available to address patients' alcohol problems in most EDs.
Further improvements will be coming further down the pipeline besides this one.

And Johnny joined Howard when they raised that Confederate troop here.
Johnny and Howard are friends.

USEFUL LIFE - The normal operating life in terms of utility to the owner.
Useful life is how long something will last being used everyday.

Golfers should apply for a guest membership from the many clubs the Indians inherited from the British.
The British gave the Indians a lot of golf clubs.

it really is mine's eleven and eight
Mine used to be ten and seven.

The library will house over four million volumes composed of books, tapes, maps, videos, and discs.
The library will house relics and artifacts as well.

They didn't know how many warriors there were in Fena Dim.
The warriors were waiting for them.

yeah it's got no
It has brakes.

now that's one that's one i don't know see i had never really been into science fiction that much until uh somebody gave me Mist of Avalon probably about five or six years ago i don't know if i'd call it science fiction or fantasy
Mist of Avalon is a popular science fiction novel.

and when they're younger not when they're getting into undergraduate and college age
When they are seniors in high school.

Most of the Sunday shows begin with a brief news report on the China trip delivered by a foreign correspondent.
A Chinese correspondent reports on the China trip on most of the Sunday shows. 

although i i wish instead of turning south you know and taking a right turn and going down Kuwait City i wished we'd just turned left and gone toward Baghdad
It was a huge mistake to go down Kuwait City.

However, the representation is limited to preventing or obtaining relief from the violence.
Relief from the violence is not very accessible the people who need it the most.

The fights are riotous slapstick set  In the art museum finale, Chan fends off hordes of assassins while catching giant, priceless Ming vases as they tumble from their pedestals.
All of Chan's fights include him fighting assassins and protecting pieces of art.

Let's look facts in the face.
They were looking facts in the face.

Adrin was prepared to shoot but doing so against the enemy on foot wasted the advantage.
Adrin was prepared to shoot his pistols.

This analysis considers the current availability of resources for the construction of control technologies and does not consider any potential increase in production of resources due to the demand created by the Clear Skies Act.
This influence is expected to be no more than five percent.

The world's largest cruise ship was docked in the harbor and converted into a hotel and tourist attraction.
The ship once sailed from California to Hawaii.

not really and he needs to but uh he's a CPA so at the moment he's snowed under until after tax season but i'm definitely going to get him back on something because he has a few
It will get better.

Although there are no grass courts on the islands, a number of asphalt or composition courts are available at hotels and apartment complexes.
The hotels charge $10 per hour for usage of an asphalt court.

(The Johnson and Nixon presidencies are only the most salient examples of this truth.
Nixon and Johnson are very similar in how their Presidencies are reviewed.

Human activity has greatly altered the terrestrial and atmospheric nitrogen cycle, doubling the annual amount of nitrogen available in forms that are useful to living organisms.
Living organisms may use nitrogen in many forms.

He put on his floppy hat over his shaved head and headed out onto the road.
He headed out to battle while wearing a red hat.

Then you suppose wrong, Dave Hanson!
The supposition that is wrong is that the Vampire Lords don't exist.

'Mommy, is that Benjamin Franklin?'
The child asked if that was Franklin sitting at the table.

Fix the sky and claim what reward you will afterwards.
You cannot claim a reward before you do any work.

That's all very well.
That is agreed to.

He doesn't like its glitz and disapproves of young players' greed.
He likes things to be simple and just wants to watch the game.

Princes and princesses judged the merits of birds, insects, flowers, roots, or seashells.
The princes and princesses agreed on which birds were the best.

yeah i i don't have any children so but i i have a lot of friends with children  and i know they spend a lot of time with them  which is good
I want to have kids one day.

Franklin Square
The square named after Benjamin Franklin

9. There is also a need for health services research to examine technology transfer and explore ways to disseminate research findings to emergency settings of differing size and complexity.
Health services research will help make safer places which require the immediate access of information.

As an independent regulatory agency, the Commission is not subject to title II of the Unfunded Mandates Reform Act of 1995.
The reformations in the legislation apply to most other agencies.

We seem to believe that all human action is motivated not by the desire to know or improve the lot of humankind, but only by the basest motives of greed, power, and self-aggrandizement.
Human action is motivated by the negative aspects of life.

The first Europeans to arrive in the Pearl River Delta were the Portuguese, who settled in Macau in 1557 and for several centuries had a monopoly on trade between Asia, Europe, and South America.
After the Portuguese came to Macau in the mid 16th century, they establish a monopoly on the selling and buying of goods for nearly 300 years.

It can be cafes and restaurants set in the 19th-century lanes of Nahlat Shiv'a, or it can be the sky lit with an ethereal sunset over the Old Citeas muezzins call from the minarets of ancient mosques.
It can also be open-air bazaars, or closed-in living spaces.

uh oh oh i think i know who you're talking oh i know who you're talking talking about she's got black hair
I think I know the girl you're talking about, since I went to school with her.

and then you put all your lard yard clippings and uh leaf rakings and anything that will be compostible
Lard yard clippings can take months to compost.

At the island's extreme northwestern tip is Porto Moniz, located 70 km (44 miles), but seemingly a world away, from Funchal.
Porto Moniz doesn't see much in the way of tourists.

uh what am i taking uh Master's in public administration
I'm getting a master's degree from NYU.

The Dow Jones industrial average fell 630 points in a week.
It would recover in the following week.

uh because um i wanted to go to school here
because I wanted to go to school in this big city 

If there are economies of scale in delivery, and certainly if mail recipients do not want multiple carriers accessing their mail boxes, it would be possible to define routes, along with their expected workload, and auction them off to the lowest bidder.
It would be possible to define routes, along with their expected workload if pigs could fly.

yeah what you know what's really funny um is that i get calls you know mostly telephone sales people that i just you know that want to start beating my ear you know
After they hang up, I add them to my blocked caller list.

Allowances are allocated to each power plant based on 1997 emissions using a formula that does not penalize the clean plants that already have a low NOx or SO2 emission rate.
Allowances are given to each power plant for 440 units of NOx.

12612 because of the NHTSA's lack of discretion with respect to the rule.
The NHTSA did not follow the rules because they thought they were above the law.

Arts and crafts are held in high regard in Edinburgh.
There are a large proportion of artists in Edinburgh.

requirement that auditors have appropriate skills and knowledge.
Most auditors don't fit the requirements.

Rhonda Lipkin provided a demonstration of www.peoples-law.org and www.Mdjustice.org, which is designed to be a virtual library.
The virtual libraries at www.peoples-law.org and www.Mdjustice.org are considered to be among the best on the internet. 

A battle that never happened.
The armies never arrived.

The Museum of Scotland, with its main entrance on Chambers Street, is housed in a remarkable new museum building (opened in 1998) designed by architects Benson and Forsyth.
Admission to The Museum of Scotland is free for all Scottish citizens.

Bauerstein is much of my height and build, and, like me, wears a beard. 
Like me, Bauerstein has a beard and wears large-rimmed glasses.

We will not have time to coddle your ego.
We do not have time to coddle your ego before the big show.

They might be--  But the canvas had been jerked off and there they were.
The canvas had been draped over them.

so i was very comfortable you know in doing it when it got to the point that we had to do it but there's well i had an occasion for my uh mother-in-law who had fell and needed to be you know could not take care of herself anymore was confined to a nursing home for a while that was really not a very good experience uh it had to be done in a hurry i mean we didn't have you know like six months to check all of these places out and it was really not not very good uh deal we were not really happy with the
We visited 10 nursing homes.

So be it, then.
It feels good to surrender to it being what it will be.

Uncle Sam the Mooch
Uncle Sam has been known to mooch people's food and their money. 

Democrats called Bush a wolf in sheep's clothing.
Democrats said Bush was tricking them.

They're regular old spending that Republicans happen not to like, such as support for the International Monetary Fund and highway demonstration projects in Democratic districts.
They're regular old spending which Republicans don't like, support for the IMF or highway projects on Highway 1.

FAA faces challenges, including the need to enhance communication and teamwork, and to provide employees with the training and skills they need to operate effectively.
At present, majority of the workforce lacks college education.

but most of mine that i use is strictly gasoline
Occasionally I'll use a diesel fuel. 

Most shops are open at least Monday-Friday 9am-1pm and 3-7pm and Saturday 9am-1pm.
The shops open occasionally on Sundays. 

While similar to the leading commercial companies' approach, the policy lacks detailed criteria for capturing and using design and manufacturing knowledge to facilitate better decisions and more successful acquisition program outcomes.
The policy states, "Why can't everyone just get along?"

It's almost like catching sight of Shangri- the vibrant green vall ey contrasts starkly with the rust-colored high ground.
The high ground has few trees, but lots of heather.

Yet they cannot be suspended above the dome, as in this orrery--they must be within the sky, as in nature."  "How about putting some iron in each and using a magnet on the control tracks to move the planets?" Hanson suggested.
It was a great idea.

Or, better yet, Mr. Goldberg, you could watch!
Mr. Goldberg likes to be the lookout.

no huh-uh because i'm like forty three
I just turned forty-three.

No, that's Julius, explained Tuppence.
Tuppence explained that it was probably Julius.

yeah yeah well it was an interesting day the other day uh i think it was um yeah it was last not not this past Friday but Friday a week ago
The weather last Friday was just crazy.

That's not very likely, scoffed Tommy.
There is no chance that is the truth, ridiculed Tommy.

From the Tenel exit, restored 1920s street-cars clang their way along Istiklal Caddesi (street), once lined with the palatial embassies of foreign powers.
The cars on the street are restored but still hardly run.

Ephesus, 17 km (101.2 miles) inland from Kuradase, is one of the best-preserved and most visited of Turkey's ancient cities.
Therefore, Ephesus is the most popular city to visit in Turkey.

In recent years the number of motor vehicles on St. Barts has escalated to something like two per inhabitant.
Most of the motor vehicles on St. Barts are motorbikes.

Feral cats in poor neighborhoods like mine spread diseases, and their large number can make you feel you're living in a litter box.
Feral cats are just regular cats that need some loving.

This suppression is an outrage, but our policy must be more sophisticated than mere indignation.
Outrage is only one of many emotions we feel right now.

You know better.
You are aware that these things don't go this way.

Aha, this is going to be one of those intelligent questions, right, sweetheart? I can feel it.
This intelligent question would be a very hard riddle to solve.

but uh they also said that whatever the guy that directed it
Possibly a woman edited it

Most people prefer a morality of ifs and buts, and most real-life laws and regulations are riddled with ifs and buts.
Most laws and regulations have many ifs and buts, which people sometimes prefer.

and uh we made that decision and uh so she after she had the first baby she stayed home and and we had a second baby and she's still at home
She enjoys being a stay-at-home mom, and loves spending time with the kids.

uh still uh there's there's sort of a feeling of accomplishment with having you know a job and all that goes with that
Coupled with the feeling of accomplishment from having a job comes a feeling of dread about the great unknown.

Gallic unity collapsed with the crumbling Roman Empire.
Gallic unity collapsed when the Roman Empire fell in 800 AD.

Factory Outlets.
Factory outlets are filled with under payed workers in bad conditions. 

huh do you uh if if i assume you all are networked to a a variety of of laser printers
There are a variety of laser printers and fax machines that the office is connected to.

evaluation criteria or if other included factors unfairly restrict the competition.
There are four included factors that may unfairly restrict the competition.

There was therefore no means of destroying a thick document such as a will. 
Even a fire could not have completely destroyed a will as thick as that.

The big man, face puffy from Jon's beatings, dropped the broken spear and drew a heavy slaughtering knife.
The big man, winded and wounded by Jon, dropped his spear and drew a heavy knife, stepping back to give himself a better position to strike.

He'd agreed to admit anything, but some of this was such complete nonsense that his mind rejected it automatically.
It was all nonsense. 

The Coast Guard and the towing industry jointly developed training and voluntary guidelines to reduce the causes of fatalities.
The coast guard ensured that everyone had the required clearance to do their work. 

Instead, they have been reduced to discussion about whether he is prone to tirades.
It should not need to be said that there are far more important things to discuss than whether or not he is prone to tirades.

I would judge he wants the full treatment.
I would think he was selfish if he wanted the full treatment.

yeah they're they're lean-to's they're um yeah they're pretty nice they're they're uh
The people always give me fruit cake for christmas.

This enables the President and the Director of the Office and Management and Budget (OMB) to preclude a suit by the Comptroller General under certain special conditions.
This enables the President and the Director of the OMB to masturbate as much as he may please

GAGAS proposes recognizing the overlap between attestation engagement objectives and performance audit objectives and allowing the services that overlap to be performed under either set of standards.
Allowing the overlapping services to be performed under either set of standards will decrease operational costs.

We will say that she is seeking for 156 something and has not yet found it. 
She was seeking money, fame, and power.

The Persian language spoken at court enriched Indian literature and combined with the Sanskrit-based dialects of northern India to create Hindustani.
The Persian language was well known.

The Inglethorps did not appear. 
The Inglethorps were nowhere to be found.

and once they do that then people will be more interested right now it doesn't matter how much garbage you put out to the road it's a flat fee a month
People might be more interested if there was a reduced fee for putting out more garbage. 

In addition, if the user was later involved in a security violation, the statement served as evidence that he or she had been informed of organizational policies.
The user had been briefed on organization policies numerous times before the statement was issued.

Christopher Columbus, not yet a sailor of any renown, sailed to Madeira on an assignment to buy sugar cane.
Sugar cane was Columbus' favorite thing to put in his tea.

  If I make a mistake, I'll do my best to own up to it and then to learn from it, and learn from you [the audience] about how we can deal with the reality as we find it.
I always admit when I do something stupid.

In Roman times a temple to Jupiter stood here
This place was considered holy by the Romans.

It's easy to mock the shallow treatment of complex technology issues in the press, and the absurd opinions of self-proclaimed experts, analysts, and other touts.
Experts and analysts are mostly employed by the media.

Likewise with the sadness after the loss of the best girls from the Night Fusion club, who went to further their careers in Deutcheczland at a resort in Karlsbad Vary.
The girls were fired from the club.

GAO needs to efficiently use the time available to complete its work to minimize the impact on the agency being reviewed and to meet the time frames of the congressional requester(s).
GAO is the organization that is reviewing the agency.

An association between air pollution and mortality in six U.S. cities.
The mortality rates from air pollution have reached staggering levels.

If true regional differences exist, applying the PM/Mortality C-R function to regions outside the study location could result in mis-estimation of effects in these regions.
The study location is limited to the midwestern region.

The headland between the two main bays is called  The Hill ; here you will find the oldest part of town.
The oldest part of town, The Hill, has the city's largest population. 

and i think Bush has turned out to be a lot better President than people gave him credit for
Bush turned out to be a better president than Nixon and JFK, but nobody gives him credit.

Now it stands to monopolize it, thanks to its ad dollars and its friends in the media.
The chance to monopolize it is being acted upon currently.

no i hope we get to the point where maybe a couple of generations from now when somebody reads the old adage
In a couple of generations somebody will read the old adage.

The Reagan administration cut back funding by a third in 1982, and then the Contract with America cut funds again, he said. 
Most people in America did not appreciate the cut in funding as it hurt the economy.

Operating system (OK, Bill, where's my check?)
BIll, where's my final paycheck?

Cleopatra was a member of this famous ruling clan.
All of Cleopatra's relatives were rulers.

it's Bright Steps in Louisville and whenever you say Bright Steps everybody goes oh i've heard that's the best day care in town you know and it's it's one of those that's very hard to get into and they have
We were only on the waiting list for 20 days.

huh yeah yeah i think that's probably true too that's that's that's sort of scary
The truth can be quite frightening.

i mean morals isn't something that's just in your heart and you're born with it you're
Even though we are born with morals, we also have to learn them.

The cooler climate makes jungle walks here a special pleasure, not least of all for the myriad brightly colored butterflies around the waterfalls, with almost a dozen officially listed.
There are flora and fauna such as butterflies as well as waterfalls.

For simplicity, we assumed nonfederal saving-saving by households, businesses, and state and local governments-would remain constant as a share of GDP in both fiscal policy simulations.
Household savings is a large part of the GDP.

They love to build things--not to fix things.
Building is easier than fixing. 

What a novel way to conjure, Dave.
"What a novel way to conjure, Dave," she said sarcastically.

No, come on out of it.
No, snap out of it, and get back to your senses.

Strategic information management will be an important part of any federal agency's attempt to implement GPRA successfully.
It is critical to implement GPRA successfully, a strategic information management department is crucial. 

A large 1960s greenhouse sits beside it and, though lacking the elegance of its neighbor, still boasts an impressive collection.
Beside the greenhouse is an even larger manor house built in the 1950s.

i was in the band yeah so and i was in like chamber music groups and stuff so
I really wanted to be a part of the band.

A case that is eligible to be counted as such must include some actual counsel and advice or other legal assistance provided to the client.
Many attempt to submit without counsel or advice, and all fail due to this restriction. 

The Uffizi museum of Italian and European painting stretches in a long U-shape from the Palazzo Vecchio down to the Arno river and back.
The Uffizi museum holds the most detailed paintings of any Italian museum.

yeah well i don't have that  a lot of times if i've got a dollar in my wallet it's like boy where do i go where did where'd i find that
Since I only use debit cards, I was surprised to find a dollar in my wallet.

However, unemployment is at 32 percent , and the average black income is one-sixth the average white one.
Despite this age, America still remains racist and unjust. 

Those, said the Astronomer.
Those over there are the right ones, said the Astronomer.

part lots and lots of people before they get it
There are a lot of people who suffer before they get there tax refund.

The huge Victorian greenhouse, New Palm House, is impressive and packed with ferns and palms that thrive in the warm, damp environment.
Ferns and palms care unable to grow outside of the greenhouse.

He lay on a high bed, surrounded by prim white walls, and there was even a chart of some kind at the bottom of the bedframe.
The chart at the end of his bed had a detailed list of his diagnoses.

The flap was half undone anyway.
The flap was half undone purposely. 

One wakes Tipper.
One wakes Tipper quicker than a Cheetah.

Guadeloupe, from the air or on a map, resembles a butterfly.
Guadeloupe is famous for it's scenery.

you don't have any carpet down in your house
You don't have any rugs in your home because of your brother.

It's surrounded by the Parque de las Torres, a beautifully landscaped vantage point.
The landscaping includes wild flowers, trees, and a small pond.

i'll be looking forward to to like i say with a Winnebago because as the older you get the less things you want to do
Because your bones fail, you can't do a lot of things when you get older.

Just as the promotional copy promises, I am able to shave with fewer strokes.
The promotional copy guarantees money back if shaving doesn't improve.

When I first saw the OXO kettle, I resisted it.
I did not resist purchasing the kettle for long.

uh-huh it's it's that cloth it's called Anne Cloth i think and it has the borders and everything already
That's called Anne Cloth, it's expensive but has everything already.

it was nice talking to you too thanks bye bye
I'll talk to you later.

They know that while the bark beetle is self-limiting, humankind is not.
They know the bark beetle limits itself whereas humankind does not because of our avaricious nature.

Walker, one of two legal service lawyers handling hundreds of abuse cases in 17 counties, said, Our big concern now is the chilling effect this will have.
Walker handles lots of abuse cases between spouses.

And later-born offspring are rebellious (the case with Stephen).
Late-born offsprings have certain tendencies that are unique to them.

Otherwise, death!" Tommy leaned back wearily.
Tommy declared that death is the only option available.

As one of the most vivid and important expressions of Japan's traditional cultural heritage, theater is an adventure in itself.
Japanese theater is a dying art in this technological age.

For Dollar Bill, the big game is in the future, when he hopes to anchor a lot more than ESPN.
He wants to work for ESPN after college.

Jerusalem, the most fiercely disputed real-estate, came under international protection.
Jerusalem is under international protection because tourists from all over the world like to visit there. 

Reducing mercury emissions will reduce the risk of toxic effects from mercury exposure to children exposed during their mother's pregnancy.
Infants who were tested for mercury were found to have high levels of it.

yeah yeah you never hear about it really in the big ones so that's what i did and i have had just excellent luck i have been just so happy he's
It only happens in the smaller ones.

The elaborate interiors and decorations are attributed to rivalry between neighboring villages.
The rivalry between neighboring villages stems from a property dispute.

Slim said, "Wait!"  
WAIT!" Slim shouted to me.

um yeah all the ones i know my brother-in-law has three young kids seven and on down and they they go on family vacations and uh they go like to go skiing  the the middle girl doesn't get a whole lot of attention but uh this last ski trip they took um she had  contracted chicken pox first  and then she spread it to her her little younger sister and her brother and they got it just at the beginning of the
My brother-in-law has a five-year-old daughter.

I don't believe it, she moaned.
She was very upset that it had happened.

uh both work but another activity that i found very rewarding and i don't know whether you've got it up there are Indian Guides and Indian Princess programs
The Indian Guides is rewarding.

and i mean it was terrible it was absolutely terrible up prices are just unbelievable up there and the services are getting terrible everything's going down the tubes said he was going to clean up Boston Harbor and it's dirtier than it ever was
I don't think that prices can go up any higher.

(He appears on this week's Meet the Press .) Conservatives describe his article as not an honest piece of work and more than sloppiness and Brill himself as a slime artist, who on fire ...
Conservatives say his article was not honest, but everyone denies thar.

Annie racked her brains in vain. 
Annie racked her brain and tried hadr to know.

Financial  Examination of IRS' Fiscal Year 1995 Financial Statements (GAO/AIMD-96-101, July 11, 1996)
There were multiple pages of the 1995 examination.

In the fall issue of American Scholar , Rutgers physicist Grace Marmor Spruch reveals the answer.
Grace Marmor Spruch reveals the answer in the fall issue of American Scholar, coming out tomorrow.

Nearby, the Lookout Tower and Camera Obscura offer a unique view of the city.
The view of the city from the Lookout Tower is the most popular

And the fort always looms on the horizon, a constant reminder of the town's war-torn history.
This town was always making war on its neighbors.

I am sorry to ask, said San'doro.
San'doro apologized for asking for some food from the stash.

Common sense tells us that the nation needs to save more when it has a healthy economy, sufficient resources to meet some current needs while still building our capacity for the future, and a relatively large workforce.
Work forces can be made larger by increasing population growth.

The perfect woman (51 seconds) :
This is a short video adaptation summary of the original play.

Lively South American chain.
It is lively and serves South American meats.

 But most visitors prefer to linger in Formentera.
Most visitors prefer Formentera

MR. CHU WAS A PROFESSIONAL STAFF MEMBER OF THE POSTAL RATE COMMISSION FROM 1993-1995.
Mr. Chu retired from his job in 1995 after nearly three happy years.

Like the wild countryside of the interior, the megalithic monuments of Brittany's menhir country on the south coast take you back into the legends and mists of time.
The south coast is the most historically relevant.

I did the usual stunt.
I did the usual stunt, I stabbed him to death.

And how to end it?
How do you finish it in the next 5 minutes?

We've received thousands of e-mail messages since our launch June 24 (most of them friendly, thanks), and this is a small taste.
Most of the emails we received were friendly.

Here's Bradley complaining to Meet the Press moderator Tim Russert about Gore's insinuation that he might raise the eligibility age for Social Security.
Bradley may be a professional on the opposite side of Gore's ideals, thus making his complaining something to take into consideration and not just a nuisance. 

Under this scenario, unified budget deficits emerge again in 2019-just as the Social Security and Medicare programs are being strained by the retiring baby boom generation.
Unified budget deficits emerge again for the 13th time.

(Martha does not appear at all in the current issue of Living .) The zooming stock price is evidence that Wall Street can distinguish Martha from her product.
Martha was in the last issue of living.

In addition, other revisions were made to make the final rule less prescriptive and to allow establishments greater flexibility in meeting the requirements.
The final rule was drawn up weeks after the revisions were suggested.

You've got to get Moody [Linda's lawyer] to let me listen to those tapes, I shouted at Goldberg.
Moody was the only person who could get me access to the tapes.

The 15-year-old died with the band playing on his headphones.
Rock music was playing when the teen died.

um-hum well actually excuse me our dental insurance you know it's it's good it's certainly better than nothing it's not you know it's not super you for unfortunately in my case and you sound like a younger guy so you probably don't have it you know i do have some dental problems and it's very very expensive
I would be in deep financial trouble without dental insurance because of my dental issues.

In the general confusion, the boudoir had not been swept that morning, and near the desk were several traces of brown mould and earth. 
They hadn't cleaned the bedroom so it was an absolute mess.

yeah oh okay well you ready to wind up hey nice talking to you my friend yeah good night bye-bye
This call was great, but I need to leave.

There are several major areas in the payment process where technological advances have had and will continue to have a substantial impact.
The payment process is influenced by advances in technology.

6 Identity vs. behavior.
Judge identity vs behavior in executives. 

A pleasurable thrill of excitement made Tuppence tingle.
Tuppence loves being thrilled.

Having no near relations or friends, I was trying to make up my mind what to do, when I ran across John Cavendish. 
John Cavendish was mean but had a sweet side. 

System administrators are important because they generally perform day-to-day security functions, such as creating new system user accounts, issuing new passwords, and implementing new software.
System administrators have to complete two whole weeks of training before they can be hired.

Thus, simultaneous NOx and SO2 emission reductions are critical.
Reducing NOx and SO2 at the same time is essential in West Virginia coal country.

'You can go now.
They told her she was free to leave the jail.

The last thing Clinton needs is a genuine debate in the United States over whether we're serious about that threat.
Clinton fears that engaging in a debate about the U.S. and the threat would lead to war.

But when Indonesians started running from their banks a few months ago, what they wanted was dollars--and neither the Indonesian government nor the IMF can give them enough of what they want.
Indonesians found more value in the dollar than the euro.  

This time it is an idea gigantic! 
An idea that is magnificent.

Come back tonight and we'll plan for tomorrow.
We'll plan for tomorrow's battle tonight.

How extraordinary  " Tuppence tailed off into silence.
Tuppence was shocked and bewildered and stopped shouting and eventually grew silent.

okay okay um yeah that's what it said to discuss some maybe a recipe well it says why would you what you would have for a dinner party um this is strange because i pressed one and i thought it said begin
In have a dinner party tonight that I need some recipes for. 

You will tell me now right here where she is to be found. Kramenin shook his head.
Karmenin's head shook so hard it fell off his neck.

The Diaspora Museum and Museum of Art in Tel Aviv and the Israel Museum in Jerusalem all have youth sections with exhibits and activities.
The Israel Museum in Jerusalem has a youth section that allows children to put together puzzles of famous paintings.

I believe I've only seen your hand shake once.
Your hand shook because you were very cold.

We have developed a definition of case studies that leads to appropriate uses and says something about how a good case study is conducted.
Definitions are needed to develop accuracy.

Colonial-style central building with pub, fitness room, and shops is surrounded by villas with views overlooking the bay.
The central building has a pub that serves Irish beer

uh-huh yeah we do all we can now but that it it you know i think that also goes along uh the reason why we pick the restaurants that we go to you know we we really have we really look at restaurants now there's one other little restaurant in town that we'll go to that is um
The one restaurant in town is much more expensive than the others.

The Biggest Liar in the World Competition is an amateur story-telling contest open to all comers.
The person who can tell the most convincing lie wins.

Auditors are also required to design the audit to provide reasonable assurance of detecting material misstatements resulting from direct and material illegal acts to be
The use of torture in audit design is frowned upon.

Behind the mosque, on the hill, is a vast cemetery littered with turbanned headstones.
The cemetery is home to some of the most sacred graves in the religion.

While using foreign investors' saving allows U.S. domestic investment to exceed national saving, these financial inflows have implications for the nation's economic growth and for future living standards.
Most members of the public would like to see this change in the interests of raising living standards in the future.

Secret tabloid technique debunked!
Some tabloids use secret techniques for finding information.

 For all Formentera's happy-go-lucky ways, traditions are still firmly entrenched.
Formentera is calm and laid back.

One of his swords dropped and he clutched at his chest.
His hand froze so he dropped the sword.

Hungerford thought that work in the ED needed a higher priority and more resources if the field is to move forward.
It had to progress and improve by April 18 2017 as otherwise the company could be in economic trouble.

uh did you ever go to Texins at all when you were working for TI
I like Texins.

That analysis notes that the rule was needed in order to reduce regulatory burdens on computer manufacturers, to remove impediments to flexible systems design and construction techniques, and to reduce the potential for interference to radio services by improving the Commission's ability to ensure that personal computers comply with the Commission's standards and testing procedures.
The rule made positive improvements.

(In that sense, the Internet was the ultimate hack.)
The internet is the ultimate identity theft hack. 

Priest and director, St. Athanasius the Great International English School
The English school was founded in the 1960s.

Today the line is continued ' some say, marred ' by the modern skyscrapers of La D??fense looming on the horizon.
The modern skyscrapers of La Defense are ugly.

Mir's life span has been extended well past what it was designed for, as Russia cannot afford a replacement.
Russia can't afford the $200million to replace Mir.

Adrin was clearly off balance at first.
Adrin was knocked off balance by the demon's warhammer.

Try to get hold of the Kyoto Visitor's Guide, a free glossy monthly packed with listings of cultural events and information on temples, gardens, festivals, exhibitions, restaurants, and even accommodation.
All tourists should have the Kyoto visitor's guide available to them.

(Albania.com provides a biography of Kadare and a list of his published works.)
All of Kadare's published work is found on Albania.com

Two trading zones are established, and, only allowances allocated or auctioned for a given zone may be used by facilities within that zone to meet the requirement to hold allowances covering emissions.
There have been two established zones and they are used primarily for trading, however, they need to be renovated.

When I told Noble that I was tackling the workout, she replied, Your nose is going to start to talk to you because the contrasts really stand out.
Noble is also doing the same workout I am doing.

do you think the US is going to wind up keeping uh military bases over there
Do you think the US will keep their military bases where they don't belong?

yeah and he is a a cutie and uh but i've never had a dog i had to keep taking to the groomer's to have groomed either and it's
My dogs are always hairless.

Site selects itself in specific problem-for decisive testing, have to assume uniform system with regard to issue and so convenience sample acceptable; number of cases is usually one instance; comprehensive data for specific problem-for decisive testing, need more modeling, hypotheses, and targeting to know what to study; data analysis and collection concurrent and  data feed new collection, and emphasis on ruling out alternative causes; report describes instances, presents conclusions about cause, gives evidence
Number of cases is always one instance.

He feels liberated but looks like a man hugging a slot machine.
The man feel liberated from gambling addiction but others feel that he is not.

Susan says they know who these creatures are, said Jon.
The creatures are actually demons.

One thing Gonzo would definitely disagree with was that Roman Fretard was a bit of a retard when it came to computers.
Gonzo didn't think Fretard was stupid at all.

Yet, as he faced the stranger eye to eye, the Kentuckian was as wary as he had been when bellying down a Tennessee ridge crest to scout a Yankee railroad blockhouse.
He stared at the stranger, who looked very angry

Sani Abacha died , reportedly of a heart attack.
Sani Abacha was very old. 

As part of a legal experiment, litigants without lawyers across California are using computerized video kiosks to prepare common court filings and seek basic legal advice.
Litigants get free access to court kiosks. 

Imagine what a hundred could do.
Think about what would happen if there were 100 employees. 

Smith returned to the idea of linking alcohol interventions with the other interventions in the ED.
When you combine alcohol interventions with other types of interventions they are more successful.

but it's not but it's not set up as a giveaway if it were set up as giveaway and it was something that i mean our our President and our leaders could be seeking God saying God is it your will for us to bless this nation with this money is it your will this money and your will for us to give to them and i believe if we gave it no strings attached that God would bless our nation but because we're our motive is interest our motive is not pure it just backfires i mean none of these nations have paid us back it be do you understand it's i guess it's a principle of giving and receiving you give it no strings attached and they may never give you anything back but because there's no strings attached it like gives them a freedom to give us something back and it might not be money it might be um no taxes on our things our computers going into their nation it might come back in another way but it would be come back bu t because we're loaning it i think that's the problem and i don't mean give it to everybody that asks use a lot of discernment don't give money to every nation you know what i'm saying i think we're loaning money to too many nations but i think if we gave to a few select ones that really needed it that it would work out better for us and for them and so now we have all these nations that owe us all this money and so i just think we're never going to get that back you know do you understand
The churches preach for us to give away things no strings attached.

isn't it England that has it all state run or something
Doesn't England have a nationalized healthcare system?

they they gave me this cock and bull story that because there was a turbo charger on the car they had to prime the turbine with the oil
There was never a turbo charger in their car.

Welles isn't just plunging his straight-laced hero and heroine (Charlton Heston and Janet Leigh) into the squalor and chaos of a Mexican-U.S.
Welles is putting his story on the front lines of the Mexican-US war. 

uh well i'm in Monterey California right now
I'm in Monterey California and I hate it.

Either physically or electronically, the mailer may be able to arrange all of his addresses in ZIP Code order.
The Mailer wants to keep everything in meticulous order. 

um i had a friend who had fixed some uh chili buffalo chili and about a week before went to see the movie of course they raise them now you know to eat
They raise buffaloes to eat them nowadays, because there is a huge market.

His voyages (a.d.40 56) led to the founding of many churches, notably the Seven Churches of Asia addressed in the Revelation of St. John Pergamum, Smyrna, Ephesus, Thyatira, Laodicea, Sardis, and Philadelphia.
If he hadn't voyages these churches may never have been founded.

the 7.5 % surcharge on payments to DCs that go into a common pool to be used
The surcharge on the payments will go into a pool to be used for legal aid.

Later, I thought the subject required more analysis.
Analysis was needed on the subject in order to disprove it.

In summary Mr. Chairman, serious and disciplined efforts are needed to attack the management problems confronting some of our largest agencies.
Managers of the largest agencies are dangerously unqualified.

we're looking into buying a house but um the landlord is supposed to do the yard work although he doesn't do it any frequency every once in a while he comes around so in the meantime we have our own lawn mower and we probably do it a little more than him
The landlord's responsibility is to do the yard work.

Another school of thought contends that faith and reason occupy two different realms of knowing.
Faith and reason may differ in their approaches, but will both ultimately lead to knowledge.

He has threatened to veto the five remaining appropriations bills in the 2000 budget because of Republicans' proposed cuts in social programs.
He is a staunch democrat.

Because Shenzhen is much cheaper than Hong Kong, it is a popular weekend destination for Hong Kong's Chinese, who come to relax, dine in its resorts, and play golf Shenzhen hosted the World Cup of Golf in 1995.
Shenzhen has been lauded as the most successful host of the World Cup of Golf.

Legal Aid lawyers help victims of domestic violence, and they supervise the ombudsman program that sends advocates into all the state's nursing homes.
Legal Aid lawyers tend to burn out faster than others due to the emotional stress of their work.

He learned very well.
He learned a lot about the war.

Changes in a specialty practice are more likely to occur if they are supported by research conducted within that same discipline.
Research will allow the creators of alterations to make informed decisions.

But it was wonderful !
It was wonderful, though I didn't think it would be! 

oh i don't think we did really either
We followed their lead.

While today there are 3.4 workers for each Social Security beneficiary, by 2030, there will be only about 2 workers paying taxes to support each beneficiary (see figure 1.7).
It'll be difficult for Social Security to sustain itself while placing more strain on the workforce.

But that's a secondary objective compared to fixing the damage you've done.'
You destroyed the whole neighbourhood, so we have to focus on that.'

well and i noticed in my uh teaching experience that since a lot of the people were my own age or older even um that because i taught English as a second language so i didn't have your average freshman student and um so i
I feel like I didn't have your average students probably because a lot of them were my own age, plus I also taught English as a second language with French as my primary.

strange in other ways
Weird in every other way.

Five men jumped up to get him unhooked.
There were other men besides the five that helped him get unhooked.

get slower
Get slower in your car.

The Associated Press notes she's leaving two months after The New Yorker brought in a new publisher and began to merge operations with other Conde Nast publications to save money.
Mergers often happen as a result of business transactions, and as is noted here, to save money.

They ducked behind a large rock as a dozen more riders roared past silhouetted against the blazing village.
They were hiding because they didn't want the King to see them. 

Audacious plans were announced to move three of the most important and recreate them in exact detail on higher ground out of danger.
Plans were announced to move three of the most important to higher ground because of concerns about flooding. 

uh the the Giants' coach um what's his name i can't think of his name
i can't think of the name of the Giants' coach, but it's on the tip of my tongue

If our Science of Magic could be relied upon--but it cannot; it never can be, until the sky is fixed.
The sky has to be fixed for our Science of Magic to be activated.

like up at the end of last year where one police officer it was on a drug raid uh was trying to extra extricate um a confession or information from a drug dealer and did so by placing a hot a hot iron on his chest his bare chest burned him
A police officer caught a drug dealer on a drug raid.

Such work is generally performed under the AICPA's Statements on Standards for Attestation Engagements.
The AICPA statements have good guidelines for us.

Rennie ran a finger across the brand which scarred the gray's hide.
There is a brand that scars the gray's hide is big.

you're very fortunate well i ran into a problem with my car uh course we have a little colder weather up here and i had set the emergency brake after we'd had a freezing rain apparently
It was really scary, I thought I would get stuck.

A spokesman for Gary Bauer  Gary feels the candidates don't determine what is the statute of limitations on questions of character and committing a felony.
Gary Bauer Gary has many spokesman, a different one for each day of the week.

Ancient Egypt's complicated annals are filled with massive communal building projects and great individuals traced through many millennia.
The annals of ancient Egypt contain the blueprints for the pyramids at Giza.

Why couldn't he just be 'Kam Fong'?
Why can't he play Kam Fong in the musical? 

As the tight-knit community is an enclave of old-money estates for such royalty as the Reagans, you won't get to glimpse more than big front gates and lawns.
The community center has a pool where you may run into old Hollywood stars.

' If there is some disaster involving a lot of peoples' privacy, that is the one issue where the Internet would be on the agenda on a mass level.
The internet would be on the agenda on a mass level only if there is some mass disaster involving people's privacy, but that will not happen.

Let me go." She was fumbling with the fastenings of the door.
"Let me leave." She was trying to undo the door's lock.

There is a subtle sexism in  The female domestic tycoon is obliged to behave better than the guys.
She is obliged to behave better, because this is how women are expected to act.

The Aegean coast is a watersports paradise, but pollution around Istanbul means that you will have to travel some distance from the city in order to enjoy clean water.
Jet skiing is one of the most popular water sports near Istanbul.

The Explorer smiled.
Something had pleased the explorer.

6 Although each agency developed and implemented performance agreements that reflected its specific organizational priorities, structures, and cultures, the performance agreements met the following characteristics.
The agreements were issued by the head of each agency and experts in the field. 

Because baseball is an entertainment industry, media conglomerates have purchased teams, potentially complicating future TV-rights negotiations.
Baseball is an entertainment industry, so media conglomerates have been purchasing teams, said the economist.

yeah that's they yeah kind of cheating isn't it
You're doing something wrong. 

'Nonsense. Ben Franklin was a natural existentialist.'
'Ben Franklin was also an atheist.'

These prototypes represented the first attempt to build the product solely using manufacturing personnel, production tooling, and production processes.
Ten people were involved in the production of the prototype.

FINANCIAL AUDITS
Auditing money

As if he read her thoughts, the man said quickly: "I can assure you I mean no disrespect." Tuppence believed him.
Tuppence several had good reasons to trust the man.

In addition, while Andersen had certain unusual audit related policies and practices that were not widely known by its partners and may not be shared by many other firms, it was hardly a rogue firm in the profession and any assertions to the contrary are not only inaccurate but also inappropriate.
While Andersen's practices were above board, many of its staff were reckless.

Alcohol interventions in trauma  current practice and future directions.
The title of this pamphlet is Alcohol Interventions and it examines current methods and ideas for the future.

no because then you get to the problem of then then you're not a free country anymore okay
Being a free country is the preferred way to be.

yeah but i'm so glad he told me that when that they they got to such a point with their credit cards they didn't want to cut them up because they were afraid sometime they might actually need them
They were supposed to cut their cards for security reasons but they wouldn't.

Shift away from consumption of postal delivery services to telephone services for household sector
Postal delivery services will eventually die all together.

The first, which lies on the main road from Jerusalem, is Rachel's Tomb, revered by all three religions of the Holy Land (Rachel was the wife of Jacob and died here while giving birth to Benjamin).
The story of Rachel is told in all the holy books of the Abrahamic tradition.

no is it good
I really hope that it is, as I've looked forward to it for a long time.

it kind of kept you guessing on on uh what was going to happen next
That show likes to keep you guessing.

Catalyst is discussed in Section 6.4.
Catalyst is discussed.

Was it possible that she had come to his help? 
Had she come to help him with his studies?

special rights for gays.
rights for gays are special.

The County Commission has endorsed a request to boost the filing fee from $10 to $25 and could approve an ordinance as early as Tuesday to implement the fee hike.
The County Commission will vote on Tuesday for a fee hike, because the County's revenue is down.

With an average height of 40 feet (12 m), it was a formidable site, and is still one of the most impressive parts of the old city.
The city is made up of a lot of old sites.

(F) an alien who is lawfully present in the United States as the result of being granted conditional entry to the United States before April 1, 1980, pursuant to section 203(a)(7) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C.
An alien who is here from Mexico lawfully because of conditional entry into the US

The end of David's dynasty came in 587 b.c. , when Nebuchadnezzar, King of Babylon, invaded Judah to lay siege to Jerusalem.
David's dynasty was unstable and nearing its' end even before Nebuchadnezzar's invasion.

Why isn't that great?
There is a reason why it is not great is because it lacks power.

yeah i think uh someone that really wanted it or i really don't understand or i guess i do understand people that i guess that want to teach teach it's it must be inborn in them or something because they're certainly not going into it for the for the money nor the prestige or whatever
Teaching is a noble profession. 

1.9, formerly methodology transfer paper 9. Prospective Evaluation  The Prospective
It was a class assignment.

Behind it is the basilica's greatest treasure, the Pala d'Oro (Golden Altarpiece), dating back 1,000 years and bejeweled in its present form in the 14th century.
The Pala d'Oro was bejeweled again in the 17th century.

Like the other doctors I met, he was quick to brag about his high-tech accomplishments.
Using cutting edge medical tools is part of his work.

I think each board and each executive director are going to have to reduce services for poor people.
Poor people are going to go hungry when the directors reduce the services they receive. 

Another answer, which may interact with the first, is that the oligarchs are not in this for the long run anyway--that at some level they all expect the game to end fairly soon, and they are simply trying to grab as much as they can.
The correct answer is that the oligarchs are only interested in the short-term.

Finish your visit to the Marais with a walk through the old Jew?­ish quarter (or shtetl, as Paris Jews call it) around the Rue des Rosiers, enjoying the wonderful smells from its delicatessens and falafel shops.
You can eat falafel while you sit at one of the ten restaurantsl

For certain types of work to be performed at an agency, GAO may initially provide only telephone or e-mail message notification.
GAO might only give telephone or email messages for agencies like the FDA that only do certain types of work.

it's hard to tell how much has been that or how much is just her
She suffered a lot, going through that, but I am glad she is getting treatment.

Most DOD programs GAO reviewed did not complete engineering drawings prior to entering the demonstration phase, nor did they bring critical manufacturing processes in control or demonstrate reliability prior to making a production decision.
The engineering drawings were in reference to the airplane designs.

Cynics, noting that officials in Nagano, Japan, (which hosted the 1998 Winter games) have already burned their documents, predict the expanding investigation will show that corruption has permeated Olympics site selection for years.
Nagano hosted the Olympics in 1988 and city officials there have been accused of corruption.

At the Family Law Information Center, where open boxes of tissues are displayed as prominently as forms for initiating divorce, custody and child- support proceedings, office assistant Beatrice Contreras said there is often a line of people waiting to use the two machines.
The two machines at the Family Law Information Center are completely inefficient and there's always a long line of people waiting to use them. 

Below, we describe our efforts during on-site visits and in the competition process to achieve this goal.
Under this statement you shall find our efforts during on site visits.

The island's highest peak, at 517 m (695 ft), is Pico do Facho, situated around 1.5 km (1 mile) due north of Portela.
A lot of people like to climb Pico de Facho to see the view.

There was a scream of displaced air, and something went zipping downwards in front of them, setting up a wind that bounced the carpet about crazily.
A piece of debris went in front of them causing the carpet to bounce about.

although neither one of us are are uh really uh uh dyed in the wool
The wool is dyed elsewhere.

The 1990 girl still will grow up faster, end up bigger, menstruate earlier, and live longer than the 1900 girl.
The modern girl is hitting puberty milestones faster than those of girls from the 1900s. 

What we hope to demonstrate in describing what has been achieved in these selected states is both their differences and their similarities, the range of different processes, structures, and strategies that have led to their successes, and the basic commonalties that underlie them in terms of vision, inclusiveness, leadership and commitment.
By finding the similarities, it is believed that organizations will always be able to succeed by following the formula provided.

In fact, those safeguards would be strengthened by the fact that any tax increase would have to be quite broad-based.
These broad tax increases will only affect the rich.s 

I waiteduntil I heard the outside door clank shutbefore I followed.
I was hiding until the outside door shut.

yeah instead of being completely penned up
Instead of being caged for 40 years.

Motivational interview counselors typically discussed the perceived consequences, readiness to change, pros and cons of change, and plans to reduce drinking and avoid alcohol-related injuries in the future.
Counselors and the patients wrote down the pros and cons of change.

It really all came out of my head.
It was all my thoughts about the war.

He remains the kid in the candy store, without control over his appetites for sex and food.
Although he tries to help it, he can't stop his ravenous appetites for sex and food.

LOWER OF COST OR MARKET - A valuation rule that recognizes impairment of asset values but avoids anticipated gains.
The lower of cost or market valuation avoids anticipated gains and isn't always the best number to use.

uh and little things like that i i notice in a lot of uh uh technical literature that you pick up and catalogs and so forth that you will find the metric units expressed in parenthesis or sometimes the other way around the metric units are expressed first and then the English equivalent that's uh is put into parenthesis for reference
Technical literature often also includes a dictionary at the back which explains difficult terms.

The artist painted himself with palette in hand at the left side of his own masterpiece, in a sense part of the family, as he became in real life.
The artist painted himself with palette in hand at the left side of his own masterpiece because he was left handed.

do you oh not me oh i don't i i grew up in Wyoming and it's cold enough there for me so
Sometimes it is hot in Wyoming.

Just about everyone came through, and they're still doing it.
They almost all met their budget targets for that quarter.

They'll all live forever.
They are vampires. 

Despite its name, the square has had a tumultuous history ' home to a busy guillotine in the Revolution and the site of the Germans' last foot­hold in Paris in 1944 ' and handles some aggressive traffic today.
German's in 1944 used it as a last foothold due to the advantage it could possible bring to them in the war.

My girlfriend is perfect, but ...
His girlfriend is perfect, because she's the only that can stand him.

Competition, in and of itself, is now a major tool used by LSC to develop a worldclass delivery system.
After struggling to do so, LSC has finally developed a world-class delivery system. 

It incorporates concepts of power and reduction of barriers and an affirmative duty to address barriers.
It incorporates power and barrier reduction for first responders.

Rule 504(a) authorized the Postmaster General to maintain a research and development program, and to conduct experiments to enhance the operational efficiency and economy of the postal system.
The program helps us with our research.

If the profits from the money making routes and non-delivered mail exceed the upstream fixed cost, then there must be an offset of money losing routes.
If the profits from money making routes and non-delivered mail are $40,000 more than the upstream fixed cost, there has to be an offset of money losing routes of more than that much.

But it's a significant shortfall if you are sufficiently present-minded to recall that Congress (and the president) have separately committed themselves to mammoth--and almost entirely unspecified--cuts in the magical year of 2002, when the budget is to alight, if only for a moment, on balance.
Congress has committed themselves to making major budget cuts to the EPA's budget.

Book and software pirates are prosecuted under the copyright laws, but pirates are not really plagiarists.
It's insulting to call a pirate a plagiarist.

If the wage premium is accurately calculated by Professor Wachter, it would be difficult to defend the U.S. postal monopoly on purely economic grounds.
The postal service wage premium can be defended.

Factor number three deserves special mention as it is the mandatory factor.
Factors 4 and 5 were mandatory as recently as last month but, that has since been amended.

Postal Service delivers at least 11 billion competing items.
Postal Service delivery is able to deliver more items because they offer faster shipment than their competitors.

Houston is really humid now
Houston is really hot and humid this time of year.

yeah he's nice
He's nice and funny

well it did i tell you if i could have gotten a hold of that cat that day
I couldn't get ahold of the cat that day but if I had, she would have gone straight to the shelter.

we're uh know like we saw Sally and uh well Billy Crystals in it we saw that one and which was video that's that's probably the last movie i went to see yeah that's probably the last one
The last movie that we've watched was quite enjoyable.

  Madrid de los Asturias  is named for the Hapsburgs instrumental in the city's rapid growth during the 1600s.
The Hapsburgs control over Spain resulted in great advantages for modern Spain.

These methodological problems can mask valid intervention effects.
Any methodological challenges should be attended to promptly.

Nora now sits in an ominous stillness.
Nora sits in total silence.

Tellingly, Hiss thought the Mafia men he met in prison the healthiest people there, because they had no sense of guilt.
Hiss met mobsters in prison who had killed people without a second thought.

Newsweek and Time agree that the Internet was an ineffective cult-recruiting tool, and certainly not the cause of the suicides.
Newsweek wrote an article regarding the internet as a cult-recruiting tool before Time published theirs.

so what is your latest experience with painting
When was the last time you did some painting?

Got away 'cause they met th' wagon train goin' south an' whoever was eatin' their dust huntin' them didn't seem to like the odds.
The wagon train was too fast for the authorities.

right the one that's like you get additional they'll pay a little bit more i think for the different procedures we just have the basic right now and
People such as yourself get an added benefit, they'll pay more for the various procedures, we just have basic because we can't afford the better coverage.

yeah they did they put a lot of pressure on him from the outside and from the inside uh it's funny watching them them play he's probably like a lot of quarterbacks uh when the pressure is really on when it's down to the last few minutes of the game for the season is when the guys seem to really do their best
He is strong since he handles all of the pressure placed on him.

That's better, said Miss Howard more enthusiastically. 
Miss Howard didn't really know what she was talking about.

Much is qualitative.
Qualitative is important.

The virtual copy of Benjamin Franklin blinked, confused.
He had no idea where he was.

oh yeah yeah no no and it's funny you know You like to pull for the underdog and for a long time i was pulling for Denver
Denver was considered the underdog most times.

Thinking over the interview, it struck me as being profoundly unsatisfactory. 
The interview had been to short for me.

There may be situations, too, where graphic presentations will be more effective than tabular presentations.
There is no place for tabular presentations. 

Fleece's Achilles' heel is that, without a nylon coating, it lacks any wind resistance--a slight breeze that wool and cotton would turn back cuts right through fleece with a nasty bite.
A person who wears fleece will get cold easily. 

Brown praised the recommendation for addressing a very important issue.
Before, Brown was hesitant to endorse the recommendation. 

yeah i have to stay up if i want to see it i have to stay up till eleven thirty and then it's all reruns and the guy that was started out in it isn't in it and anyway it's a long
I have to stay up to see  but that's pretty late.

In the Oratory of the Crib (Oratorio del Presepio) are the moving 13th-century sculptures of Joseph, the Three Kings, the ox, and the ass, by Arnolfo di Cambio (Mary and the child Jesus are 16th-century additions).
Also included in the Oratory of the Crib are a group of local shepherds.

Probably about six minutes, I thought.
At least five minutes

nobody nobody goes anywhere no one will
It takes one person to lead the way for others. 

The newest curators-in-your-pocket are lightweight CD-ROM based systems on which visitors can punch in the numbers on wall labels, accessing commentary on whatever interests them.
The visitors have to pay a fee in order to use the system.

uh yeah i guess i am
I am, but I wasn't always. 

Ancient capital of the flat region of Berry on the northern edge of P??rigord, Bourges is on the road south to Clermont-Ferrand and Montpellier but worth a brief detour for those using the A20.
There are a lot of flowers across the flat area of Berry.

How you ever had the nerve to play your part as you did I can't think." She stamped her foot.
She stamped her foot so hard the floorboard broke. 

For a moment, he was on a wild charger, which reared and champed under his iron control.
He had only been imagining the charger.

For a locator map and a course-by-course description, go to &lt;www.lasvegasfreedom.com&gt;.
There's no shortage of additional information available at the site.

Her application had been rejected three times.
Nevertheless, she persisted.

concludes that the preemption requirement of the final rule is necessary for the national organ sharing system to be effective across state lines.
The organ sharing system relies on car crash victims for their organs.

The companion maxim is that people often make no attempt at all to look out for the interests of others.
The maxim is that people care more about themselves than anyone else.

well now see that's a good question i that's i don't know how Oakland's going to react to being uh swept in the World Series last year they could very easily uh take that as a challenge which is the way most teams naturally you know naturally do uh and and just go out and and not give anybody a chance to beat them so
Oakland might try to beat every team they play against.

The Board appoints LSC's President, who serves as the Corporation's chief executive officer, subject to general policies established by the Board.
The Corporation's chief executive officer is required to sign a contract agreeing to the general policies established by the Board.

Recently, I've considered becoming intimate with her, but I don't know how we would fare as a couple, considering the area of political tension.
On probability I feel that we would be okay as a couple.

The river plays a central role in all visits to Paris.
The trips and the scenery associated with the river has been the stuff of films.

However, the Palestrina choir that sings mass on Sundays is excellent, and attracts numbers of visitors.
The Palestrina choir is a children's choir made up of local kids.

What I meant when I told you that you could safely confess to Papa Poirot, eh? 
Papa Poirot will understand because he has done the same thing, in the past. 

But can the Weinsteins, who like being the only cocks of the walk, tolerate a partner as famous and visible as they are?
Could the Weinsteins, the famous banking family, handle someone with as much fame as them?

I lose count.
Losing count as I was counting sheep.

It includes a long, pleated skirt of homespun wool, either black or white; an apron with complicated patterns; a fine silk, long-tasselled shawl over the shoulders; and a big lace mantilla over the head, with hair braided down the back, sometimes tied by a schoolgirl ribbon.
You can't cut your hair because it has to be at least 18 inches long.

It looks dated, but this rainbow-painted beachside monster is still reputed to be the finest hotel in Tel Aviv.
It is painted many colors like pink and green.

May I be permitted a word or two of advice? 
Could I give you some advice with a few cookies?

Creatures that would refuse to harm children, under such provocation as they received, are admirable.
It's admirable to see dogs refuse to harm children.

The helicopter had been drafted into military service, so we took a train back down to Large.
I didn't want to take the train back to Large.

The analysis discusses the changes made to the proposed rule as a result of the comments, including (1) extending the safe harbor to any Item 305 disclosure that is voluntarily provided by a small business issuer and (2) several changes that the Commission believes should reduce the cost for all registrants preparing the disclosures of quantitative information about market risk.
The comments received were the only reason the proposed rule would be changed.

Thank you, Miss Finn. It was Sir James who spoke.
Sir James was very grateful to Miss Finn.

The string of beaches along the coast are popular destinations for Kingstonians on weekends.
The beaches along the coast attract many foreigners as well.

Hotels sometimes organize flamenco nights; even though these songs and dances come from Andalusia, they have become a feature of holidays throughout Spain.
Hotels have flamenco nights because it is so popular in Spain.

Mary Cavendish could certainly not rest under suspicion. 
Of course, Mary Cavendish had had nothing to do with it.

A magnificent carpet, with a design based on a page from the Book of Kells, , covers the floor of the Throne Room.
The carpet in the throne room is based on a page from the book of Kells.

The demonic tattoos shifted and wreathed in the shadows of the torch.
The torch was held by the demon.

uh-huh uh-huh And we did have we did recently have a a group here formed called Students for Academic Excellence that was formed by concerned parents and they see that these these kids are getting honor jackets and they're getting certificates and they're getting uh more access to scholarships uh on a par with the athletes which uh this was formed i think probably in the last three years and that's been a very positive thing for education itself because so often the emphasis is on
Graduation rate has also increased due to Students for Academic Excellence.

Nara Park's most famous residents are its deer, protected since the eighth century, when they were considered messengers from the gods.
The people of Japan believe these deer are sacred. 

There, that's better.
This color is much nicer than the previous color.

Oh, meeting with some visiting dignitary.
A dignitary has been visiting for twelve days.

 Eating well is a passion with the Spanish.
The passion for eating well has caused an epidemic of obesity in the Spanish.

And I thought, wow, we precious few have achieved a lot and survived a lot!
There are a few of us who have won awards.

In broad terms, taxes are the price we pay for civilization.
Taxes are what determine which country has the most influence. 

The thoroughfares for the smarter fashion boutiques, for men and women, are Via de' Tornabuoni, Via della Vigna Nuova and Via de' Calzaiuoli.
The three streets lined with fashion shop are not good for children's shopping.

I'll try. The long lashes drooped over the hazel eyes.
Hesitantly, with long lashes hanging downward over her hazel eyes.

The case study at the end of this section provides an example of a CIO hired specifically to help transform information management and business operations.
The person was very talented.

When I asked him to explain the moral distinction between boxing and ultimate fighting, he exploded at me, If you can't see the moral distinction, then we have nothing to talk about!
He was an old school boxer, and he thought that ultimate fighting was immoral.

Tucked away in the northwest corner of England, 240 km (150 miles) from London, the Lake District nestles just below the Scottish border and backs up on the Irish Sea.
The Lake district is close to the Scottish Border.

and move on
They will move on with pain

By 1558, after Henry VIII's break with the Roman Catholic Church, all the existing foundations in Dublin had become Anglican .
Henry VIII broke from the church over issues of pride.

Michael Lewis is a breath of fresh air in his Dispatches on the Microsoft case.
Michael Lewis refreshed the topic in his Dispatches on the Microsoft case, said the lawyer.

Tell you what, White.
White is younger than I am.

And that crash came down hard.
When the demons fell of their horses it made a hard crash.

we  we had a Firebird and we had to trade we guess we got to get rid of this thing because there's no way we can haul kids and junk and  stuff with that  so we got rid of that and we're really pleased with it
If we hadn't have had kids, we might have kept the Firebird. 

She's near her time, ain't she?
She's gonna have a baby soon.

I hesitate to suggest pensioning off a faithful servant, but you really ought to have a better watchdog. 128 Conrad snarled impotently, and said sullenly, as the man with the beard swung round upon him: "He gave the word.
Conrad wanted to be the replacement watchdog, he could handle the job.

a little chip oh yeah i didn't hear about that probably for TI employees yeah
TI gives its employees little tracking chips.

That we can change things-'
Working together we can change the way society sees us.

The price differential between Priority Mail and single piece parcels is very small.
The cost between Priority Mail and single piece parcels is insignificant until you reach higher weights.

In numerous studies, they have documented a deep paradox about human relations--persons get along, but people don't.
They studied human relationships in America.

Mrs. Inglethorp is out, and he sits down to write to his accomplice, who, he fears, may be in a panic at the nonsuccess of their plan. 
His accomplice is actually very calm about the plan's failure.

Jon reloaded his guns again and holstered one to draw his rapier.
The guns were loaded for 6 bullets each. 

Poland's road to capitalism and democracy has been a complicated one.
Communist ideology made it hard for Poland to become capitalist.

Still, they may have left something behind them that will be a clue.
If we don't find out what happened, we'll all be in danger.

-Looking over my shoulder just once-
I looked over my left shoulder to my home for one last time. 

No matter how well designed and operated, internal control cannot provide absolute assurance that all agency objectives will be met.
Internal controls can't assure that an agency will meet their objectives for staffing.

Double R hosses have come up missin' lately.
Double R hosses have gone missing last week.

Gilbert is also believed to have carved the magnificent cap?­i?­tals topping the pillars of the nave and aisles.
Gilbert carved many pillars.

was that on the radio every week
That DJ was on the radio every week.

ENTITLEMENT PROGRAM - A program in which the federal government becomes automatically obligated to provide benefits to members of a specific group who meet the requirements established by law.
An entitlement is the federal government giving a group something worth more than $100.

No, he might be killed! And Rennie's tone indicated he meant just that.
Rennie was the one that might kill the man.

The company was run by management now, which, people argued, would make Avis more entrepreneurial.
The managers had taken over the company in 2009.

It is said that the great Renaissance artist originally planned the statue to adorn his own grave.
The statue ended up featuring on the grave of the artist's brother.

Stock options, after all, serve no useful purpose in the real economy.
Stock options don't do anything in the real economy other than cause people to make guesses.

George Street was the traditional center of Edinburgh's financial district.
Edinburgh's financial district is booming in this economy. 

But when she applies her precepts to our great national conversation, Tannen gets confused.
Tannen's confusion stems from the reality that federal and municipal government are entirely different.

Sather Karf pondered for a moment, and then nodded with apparent satisfaction.
Sather Karf would accept the chicken meal that evening.

that's like a hobby because i don't ever make anybody nothing but me
It is not work I do for a living.

The difference between these two is 11.
11 is the difference between the two, according to the calculator.

He had managed a few, but all were dead.
He began to feel desperate when it turned out they were dead. 

The entrant would most likely attack routes with much higher than average profit margins.
The plan to attack them would be very profitable. 

the insurance company buys them and they sell them and i've known people who have got really nice late model cars very cheap but but they have a dubious background they have salvage stamped on their title there's
I'm trying to warn you off of buying from them, because you seem tempted.

What happened to your mouth?She happened to it," said the Kal, turning to Vrenna.
Kal said Vrenna puched him seven times.

That looks as though her flight was unpremeditated.
Her flight was to Paris, and she'd almost missed it.

The symbol was the thing, and a model was obviously a symbol.
If the symbol was the thing, then a model was also real.

About to pounce...I thrashed for the nearest drawer and yanked out my taser Gauntlet.
I held the taser up to show the enemy I meant business.

to pick up the slack yeah that's right yeah yeah you have to it has to balance out
It is fine for one to pick up the slack, as long as it somehow balances out.

Listen, what happened to your wrinkle? You know, the one that kept me awake all night before the Charity Ball, Ewelina asked, she was Benedykt's new, eighteenth to date, fiancée and was crazy about looking good.
The wrinkle is gone from your forehead and it kept me up all night.

Also, no self-respecting mobster wants his son to follow in his footsteps.
The life of a mobster is cruel and hard.

It took two months to capture and was devastated by Allied bombs and the shells of the retreating Germans.
They would need years to rebuild.

However (and this can be proved mathematically), although such systems exist, none of them can be explicitly described.
People have tried to come up with theories that explain such systems.

Medical advocacy groups are pushing a home test for colorectal cancer
The home tests are accurate.

i mean my gosh uh look who Kansas beat to get to meet North Carolina i mean they they beat uh Arkansas
I hope Kansas beats North Carolina next.

Cheung Chau becomes the center of Hong Kong life once a year, usually in May, during the Bun Festival, a folklore extravaganza .
The Bun Festival is named after the taro buns that are abundance.

they just uh they just sent out a letter to everybody they does do business with saying that you know if you're interested we're doing a study and and since
The letter had a check for the recipients.

As a 19 detective, his flair had been extraordinary, and he had achieved triumphs by unravelling some of the most baffling cases of the day. 
The detective's extraordinary flair comes from his extensive experience.

yeah like i really need the cholesterol
I don't need the cholesterol because my levels are high.

It's the land of good duck and goose, of fine Bordeaux wines.
France is a land with delicious fowl and exceptional wines.

EPA has made preliminary estimates of the retrofits of each technology that would result from the Clear Skies Act.
The EPA has estimated the retrofitting of their assets to be in the millions.

As journalism has become less of a trade and more of a profession, once common vices like embellishment, plagiarism, and binge drinking have ceased to be regarded as charming.
Becoming a journalist now requires much more schooling than in years past.

If there's one thing this institution dislikes, it's being called a museum.
This institution holds and takes care off valuable artwork.

Second, we are coming ever closer to a worldwide middle class, the class from which athletes typically are drawn.
We are getting closer to the middle class being the majority.

Most certainly!
Something will definitely happen.

It depends on the civilization you'd care to malign.
Every civilization has the potential the be maligned.

A sidebar stresses the dangers of bullying, which causes 8 percent of school kids to miss a day of class monthly and 43 percent to fear using school bathrooms.
The number one problem in schools today is bullying.

What's my big but?
Why is my butt so big? 

This area is a favorite of hikers who enjoy invigorating journeys through dense forests and along the river valleys celebrated in the paintings of Gustave Courbet.
The dense forests are along the river valley and are hard to get through.

Attitudes changed too.
Attitudes changed because the economy was doing badly.

The farmers tended their crops.
The farmers too good care of their crops.

 "Over and over I find the figure seven and the figure three thousand.
I have tried changing the variables, but I keep getting the same numbers.

Why So Little Change?
More change is needed?

That was the only reason the Kentuckian could think of.
The Kentuckian man could only think of one reason and that was poverty.

Hes trying to help a lot of people, but hes overwhelmed, the Ogden
Helping so many people has stretched him too thin.

and then the titles might sound familiar but i really don't know what they're all about
The titles are for very popular children's books.

Of what did he speak?" Jon felt his anger growing.
The demons were making Jon angry.

but i mean what if she was hooked on them you know
It'd be important to intervene if she had ended up hooked on them.

He snapped his fingers and produced a small flame over the heart of the corpse.
The flame appeared because the corpse was soaked in kerosene. 

No, cries his helpful escort, dramatically reappearing on the balcony above them.
His escort cried frantically while making a dramatic entrance on the porch.

COST ALLOCATION - A method of assigning costs to activities, outputs, or other cost objects.
Cost allocation is hard

Motosu-ko is the clearest and deepest of the five.
Visitors are not allowed to enter Motosu-ko.

because he's got a mouth on him
He says things that he shouldn't.

that's what i'm thinking what your mom and dad always used to say when you have kids of your own you'll understand
Your mom and dad used to tell you that because they know now what it's like to be a parent.

i never found i never quite found a New York fan
I never found a NY fan in the whole stadium.

yeah yeah isn't that nice i mean it's nice when you have a piece that that is so so peaceful that everybody likes you know and uh
It's nice when you have a peaceful piece to play and calm the whole place down.

uh-huh yeah yeah there's a couple of those i've seen once in a while uh i can't think of the name of the one that has the uh military
I do not like the ones about the military.

But after taking a hard look at its performance, FEMA concluded that it could better fulfill its mission by addressing the range of activities available before, during, and after disaster strikes.
FEMA reevaluated how they perform during a natural disaster.

oh good old Bent Waters
Bent Waters did many good things for me. 

Of course, things did look black against him. 
He was ten years old.

and but you go into this whole big lottery every year and you know each uh your last three digits of your document you know like your social security number you're matched up with other numbers right
You could expect to win by using the last three digits of your Social Security to win the lottery.

Famous Edinburgh residents of this period later known as the Scottish Enlightenment included David Hume, author of A Treatise of Human Nature and one of Britain's greatest philosophers; Adam Smith, author of The Wealth of Nations, a pioneer in the study of political economy; and Joseph Black, the scientist who discovered the concept of latent heat.
There were approximately 15 people who belonged to the Scottish Enlightenment. 

Her third book, Promiscuities , is a memoir in which she single-handedly retrieve[s] [the] secret struggle for womanhood by narrating her own sexual coming of age.
The coming of age of women is something that has dramatically changed over the last century.

Aside from them, the place was empty.
The room just had two people in it.

It recreates in stone the field tent the pharaoh used when on military campaigns, with the central row of columns higher than the outer, meant to hold an imaginary canvas high above the head.
Nobody else had a tent like the pharaoh used.

yes i i have my primary experience has been as uh an expert witness and and uh and two murder trials
I have experience in forensics as an expert witness and two murder trials.

The Coming of the Ottoman Turks
The Arrival of the Ottoman Turks is the title of the book

But the German's face had lightened a little.
But the German smiled a little.

because even the breakdown lane is used for a passing you know a travel lane in the morning
I had to use the breakdown lane last month.

It brought savage retribution from the authorities, and both leaders were executed.
The leaders were executed by hanging at dawn.

Like Bork, I think a man has to fight against his fate, no matter how little chance he has.
Bork fought hard against his fate and he conquered.

Office of Technology Assessment.
Technology has to be asessed

Oh, dear, what a lot I have eaten!"
I have eaten a lot at the buffet.

a 11023(b)(2) provides that the Administrator on his own motion or at the request of a Governor of a State . . . may apply the requirements of this section to . . . any particular facility that manufactures, processes, or otherwise uses a listed toxic chemical under the conditions stated in the statute.
Facilities that manufacture toxic chemicals go through rigorous inspections.

Some black teens tell researchers that they feel that society has so thoroughly stacked the deck against them with racial discrimination, crime, and poverty that their very survival depends on resisting tobacco.
Some black teens believe that tobacco use will only make their personal success more difficult to attain.

Spacey as Hickey, the slick-talking salesman who punctures the pipe dreams of a pack of sad sack rummies in Harry Hope's bar, gives the performance of his life, says Time 's Richard  A potentially grueling evening becomes a breathtaking experience.
Kevin Spacey gives one of his best performances in this picture.

And, although I took issue with a number of provisions in his bill, I consider it unfortunate, that the Chairman has run out of time in his search for the Holy Grail of postal reform.
His bill mostly sits well with me, except a few select controversial items. 

Perhaps most important, it has features to aid followup of actions taken in response to review comments, which is a particularly troublesome area.
The features it has were determined by a peer-review group.

If you're driving back to Madrid from Toledo and want to make a brief stop almost exactly mid-way, the village of Illescas (33 km/20 miles from Toledo) holds a surprise, especially for art aficionados.
Illescas is a village with more than five thousand inhabitants.

it's over six thousand foot
It is the tallest, standing at over 6,000 feet.

At her vehement signal, Dave squatted down beside her, not daring to believe what he was beginning to guess.
She hadn't wanted Dave to find out like this.

For a given value of truth.
The same answer was given before.

It was nice desk in, and it was in a nice room.
The bedroom was nice.

yeah yeah absolutely  yeah we uh we stocked up the first time around but we've definitely got all the formulas on file and uh we're they'll be there for a while we're we're pretty comfortable with that but yeah it it i'm i'm real nervous every time i i open a new can i'm wondering if i shouldn't buy about twenty gallons at one time and keep it all in a in a wash tub or something somewhere because i'm always i'm always afraid that the next coat is not going to match
I am nervous we would never have enough.

A man approached from the trail to the large house.
A man carrying a sword approached the large house.

Expanding on earlier grants for statewide websites, LSC made 12 new awards, bringing the total number of states that are building and maintaining statewide websites to more than 40.
LSC has made 12 new awards, contributing to state websites reaching more than 40, as well as some foreign countries.

and that's uh that's very that's very hard to do because once you're best friends with your parents then i think everything go a lot better
It's better when you're friends with your parents because you can confide in them.

I'm so clever."
Others think I'm intelligent.

Gigot believes this may make no difference, since [I]t doesn't matter how corrupt you think the messenger is, or how partisan, if the case [presented to Congress] is strong itself.
The lawyers of this particular case are well known to be corrupt. 

Guidelines for data-base formation and analysis deal with explicitness of procedures and techniques, interpretation differences, and the relationship of the findings to those of similar studies.
There is a set of rules for database analysis and formation because of the inherent complexities required to be understood by all participants.

At the same time as it requested public comments, the Commission submitted its proposed collection of information and certification under 44 U.S.C.
The Commission requested public comments out of concern for bad publicity regarding the proposal.

This brings out the whole valley in force, everyone bending low with small sickles to cut the stalks, then stacking these in sheaves for fuel or thatch after the rice is threshed.
The sickles used are made of polished copper and are extremely sharp.

Three coffins surrounding the king's mummy are on display at the museum the inner one is fashioned from pure gold and weighs 170 kg (374 lbs).
The outermost coffin is fashioned from wood.

The British were more successful on a second attempt in 1816, forcing Nepal to give up Sikkim, Darjeeling, and some territory to the far west.
The British have been hated in Nepal ever since they forced territorial concessions. 

The certifying officer, however, not only verifies that the voucher contains an administrative approval ensuring that the travel took place, but also performs numerous examination procedures to ensure all claims are within regulations and limitations.
The certifying officer reviews about 500 claims each month. 

The similarity to Matinino Martinique only confuses things more.
Matinino and this place are similar in terms of culture.

to do yeah and it's it's great while they're really little but as they get older
They will get older and larger soon.

there are three or four state parks up there
There are quite a few parks in the highlands.

There was a warning in her eyes.
Her eyes indicated that it would dangerous to continue.

A popular, well-located hotel with helpful staff, swimming pool, gym, sauna, and jacuzzi.
The hotel is located in the Spanish islands.

(To read Lewis' piece, click here.
Lewis' article is located on another website.

situation and uh we've just been really thrilled with it too we were what actually we it took us two or three different people to find
We've just been really thrilled with the situation and it actually took us meeting two or three different people selling their homes to find the right house to meet our needs. 

did you ever
Did you ever sing a song?

She loves the building, and they only moved out because the business had outgrown the space.
She loves the small brick building.

The important Pitti Gallery (Galleria Palatina) is the family art collection.
The Pitti Gallery was built by the family for its collection.

i like Italian food
I like ravioli. 

just doesn't make sense
That makes me angry.

Occupation of Madeira began in the early 1420s as a decidedly minimalist  colonists arrived with only as much as they could carry from mainland Portugal.
Soon the colonists established agriculture, and became prosperous within 10 years.

In May every year, the Scottish International Children's Festival holds arts, theater, and dance activities and performances especially for children aged 8 to 15.
Although now most known as an arts festival, the children's festival was originally meant for all kinds of participatory activities for children.

Such an estimate can be compared to agency plans to see if the agency has committed itself to unrealistically short time frames.
The agencies have short time frames. 

Now conservatives are fighting back.
Conservatives are fighting to pass the healthcare legislation.

They were huge men towering over the few villagers who walked past.
Villagers were towered over by huge men who walked past on their way up the mountain.

But of course that is the case here.
Obviously that is the case here, so we can fix it. 

Yes, Mr. Molotov.
Yes, Mr. Molotov, you can have a cocktail.

or maybe that won't not make it that far in life for what they did to somebody but
Maybe they won't do well in life if they are a bad person

Jon did not expect better reactions from most of the town folk.
The town folk gave Jon a negative reaction.

Predictably, IGRA has come under fire from all directions.
IGRA is criticized by both Democrats and Republicans.

Evidence shows that changes in saving by households and businesses tend to offset some of the changes in government saving.
Households saved more which offset the government saving less.

that's uh i that's what i've heard people say is they'll never go north of the Red River again
Several people have told me that they plan to avoid the entire Red River, and not just the north, for as long as they live.

During Flytrap, many Republicans conveniently abandoned their objections to wide-ranging sex harassment litigation, endorsing broad discovery in order to nail Clinton.
Some Republicans care more about bad-mouthing Democrats than they do about their own values.

This technique was in widespread use until 1948, when the major national polls based on this technique all predicted that Republican Thomas E. Dewey would defeat incumbent Democrat Harry S. Truman.
The technique was first used in the late 19th century.

Directors of violent genre pieces like Craven (who got this mainstream gig in return for doing the Scream sequels) or Carl Franklin or Sam Raimi sometimes want so badly to belong to Establishment Hollywood--to go to the Academy Awards--that they neuter themselves.
Fans often lose respect for directors reduce shock value so that they can be more accepted by the Establishment. 

That's why, at our house, I read aloud from that holiday classic, Eric Foner's The Story of American Freedom . The kids throw another SimuLog on the fire, and I tell them about the 1950s when, Foner says, the noble ideas of the American Revolution at last evolved from old-fashioned political freedom to the modern freedom to shop in the mall of your choice.
He has freedom to read aloud at his house.

Trips last 60 to 75 minutes.
Besides going on for 60 to 75 minutes, there are also stops to consider.

British Admiral Rodney, with 37 ships and a crucial superiority in cannon (3,012 to 2,246 French), struck off Les Saintes.
Rodney had 37 ships and a perfect record.

to see if we could sort of clean them up and you know but i don't know if we can do that or not
If they can be cleaned up, I'd see to it. 

The key to peace lay in Nixon's decision to jettison his demand that Ho Chi Minh withdraw from South Vietnam--a demand that he could have renounced four years earlier, sparing 18,000 American lives.
Nixon was very foolish not to sue for peace earlier.

Artaud's art is insidious; its penetration of what we know is so acute, its lucidity so much the equal of its delusion, that deciding where the one leaves off and the other begins can seem merely a measure of our own delusions.
Artaud has been an artist for seven years.

get me in trouble so see it didn't use to bother me when i thought that you know if i come in there and they say okay you tested positive now explain yourself and i could say yeah well i was around some people that were smoking pot but i wasn't but you know it's the idea that
I smoked pot before, but made excuses.

it is uh-huh that's right yeah i enjoy excuse me go ahead
I enjoy gardening.

The D982 leading west from Rouen is the start of the Route des Abbayes, which meanders through woodland and meadows around the medieval Norman abbeys ' most of them enjoying their heyday under William the Conqueror ' at Saint-Martin-de-Boscherville, Jumiyges, Saint-Wandrille, Le Bec-Hellouin, and Caen, culminating in their masterpiece, Mont-Saint-Michel.
D982 goes through all sorts of terrain, including tall mountains.

To widespread regret, Victor Baltard's great cast-iron and glass pavilions were torn down in the 1970s.
Much of the regret stemmed from the fact that his pavilions were architectural landmarks of the location.

It was in 1904 he and I worked together ”the Abercrombie forgery case ”you remember, he was run down in Brussels. 
He and I were the only two people involved in the handling of the Abercrombie forgery case.

LSC President John Erlenborn recently testified to Congress that the organization had instituted an oversight system run by 12 lawyers and other employees to ensure that its programs do not violate the rule.
Erlenborn told Congress that he was sure the programs didn't violate the rule regarding funding for services.

so it's it's not really i guess camping the way people most people picture camping in the tent but
It's better than camping in the tent.

Not bad.
Not bad under these circumstances.  

He turned, irate.
He turned around and called to the man. 

Said Palazzolo, One of the things that excites me about it is starting up a new office and making our legal services more accessible to people in the North Shore area.
This is the second location that Palazzolo is opening up, although the first in the North Shore area.

They call it tantric sex.
It's called tantric sex and many people love it.

"But I think a good soldier might just be granted a birthday present without any one gittin' too excited about how military that is." Then he had jerked the cord off his own hat and given it to Drew.
He pulled the cord off his hat because he didn't think he deserved the designation anymore.

The Ministry of Agriculture and Fisheries oversees licences.
The licenses are easy to obtain.

and you get more and more people who would just end up there because it's uh it's the safety net of those of you know average intelligence or something they can always teach
People of average interest end up there because it's a safety net.

yeah oh let's see i i play racquetball mostly
I play racquetball every weekend.

see i would i always come look at it do they have could they be put even in life imprisonment could they be put to useful labor
They could do work while in prison, like mow the grass.

Eventually, he decided that only the United States government could supply the resources to do the job.
He saw that the U.S. government would benefit by providing resources for the job.

More complete data, including reference case assumptions, are available in Appendix 5.2.
The assumptions made were standard for research in the field.

i guess so we tend to use just bait and a few lures but bait tends to work the best just some blood bait
I guess we just use bait because it's the cheapest and easiest.

But most of Istanbul's inhabitants fall between these two extremes, living in modest flats and earning an average wage in the offices, shops, banks, and factories that provide most of the city's employment.
People prefer working in offices in Istanbul.

and i grew up in Saint Louis and Saint Louis was much the same
I grew up in St Louis in the 90's.

I felt the need to respond to this.
 I felt like I wanted to respond here.

(No longer will our penises remain flaccid and  We will get laid.
We'll get some tonight! 

Well, it doesn't matter to me.
Well, it's all the same to me.

The Carter years were represented in Safire's column by a series of associative wordplays--Billygate, Waterquiddick, peanutgate, Koreagate, and--most significantly--Lancegate.
They had the column for several years.

Senior executives receive a summary evaluation, which combines the
The summary evaluation presented to senior executive is no more than ten pages.

Toward the southern end of the Dead Sea, a major health spa center has developed, with luxury and moderate hotels offering unique Dead Sea programs for relaxation, health, and beauty.
The spa near the Dead Sea has been visited by celebrities over the years.

They stepped back again and Ca'daan saw the spring return to Adrin's step.
As they stepped back from the sleeping beast, Ca'daan saw the pep in Adrin's step. 

Colonists had to locate enough level ground to grow crops on and solve the issue of irrigating them.
Irrigation would have to be brought about with the digging of canals and trenches.

She had accordingly gone downstairs again 144 to rectify her error. 
She often made a lot of errors.

Szary to the manager! The sore specialist for new flavor development heard as if through a heavy acoustic fog.
There was someone who developed a new cupcake flavor.

For more orientation, visit the Tourist Information Office on Janpath.
It isn't possible to reach the Tourist Information Office by car.

In fiscal year 1998, Illinois spent approximately $6.2 billion for Medicaid covering over 1.3 million recipients.
Spendings in 1998 were closer to 6.3 billion to be precise.

There are 10 golf courses on Mallorca, three of which are 9-hole, the rest 18-hole.
The 18 hole golf courses get more use than the 9 hole ones.

Come again, sir, he said.
He said to come back soon, and gave Dave a coupon for $2 off his next haircut.

The term basic does not necessarily mean that other financial information not covered by the auditor's opinion is less important to users than that contained in the basic statements; it merely connotes the expected nature of the auditor's review of, and association with, the information.
Auditors tend to find basic statements less valuable overall but that's not what the term is supposed to imply in the review.

The population of less than a quarter million is concentrated mainly in the two major towns of Bastia (industrial and noisy, but with a colorful old town) and the more attractive Ajaccio.
The people who live in Bastia like it because while it is noisy and industrial, it is colorful, old and traditional, and charming. 

REVOLVING FUND - A fund consisting of permanent appropriation and expenditures of collections, from both the public and other Governmental agencies and accounts, that are earmarked to finance a continuing cycle of business-type operations.
They never wanted the cash flow to end.

so they just when they when they put the plaster walls up they just tinted the plaster
They tint the plaster to cope with the Texas heat.

It ferries commuters from the Mid-Levels apartment complexes downhill from 6 to 10am, and uphill from 10am to midnight.
Many of the commuters are going to and from work from the Mid-Levels apartment.

i everyone has made so many statements i don't live in Dallas county
I live near Dallas county.

yeah opposing viewpoints there
Their viewpoint is wrong.

But it's equally rational to avoid risk or to seek it out.
Only smart people know whether to seek or avoid risk.

He called, his voice sounding basso in the thick air and the Merchant answered.
The merchant negotiated a price for the art.

Over the last 30 years, we have made substantial progress towards improved environmental quality under the Clean Air Act.
They were glad to have made a difference over the years.

yes that's one end to the other that's true
Yeah, that is the path from one end over the rocks to the other.

i mean to go to these movies and expect them to be you know other than just just good entertainment kind of thing
Going to these crime movies and expecting them to be more than just good entertainment

Teaching.
Teaching is the best thing to do 

Inside the Salmon Corporation never felt relaxed- but rarely were things wound this tight.
The Salmon Corporation was never calm, but this place was much worse.

These, he explained, were a constructive editorial policy for the country in which the paper is located and an appreciation of  We are all moving towards what is in a sense the end of history, the fin de siacle , and I believe this is the right time to be alive.
The paper is a constructive editorial policy for Denmark.

A more conservative approach to determining if there is sufficient catalyst supply to meet the demand from the Clear Skies Act is demonstrated in Figure 6-4.
There are many different ways to determine if there will be enough supply to meet demand.

Might catch up with this Lutterfield an' ask a few questions 
I have a few questions for Lutterfield about his horse.

However, a legal services lawyer from Spokane filed a lawsuit challenging the department's refusal to pay for the man's dentures.
It would have been cheaper for the department to pay the initial claim for dentures rather than court and attorney fees.

Let's take the morning to ponder the matter at hand.
We should think about our plan for battle.

yeah my biggest team ever my favorite was uh the Los Angeles Rams
I cheered for every Los Angeles Rams game.

yeah yeah i i agree
Yes, I think you are right about that.

All that's missing is the steroids (out-of-control steroid use by the mob's young guns is what's killing the mafia as much as anything else).
The steroids were all stolen. 

Notice the fine Corinthian capitals on the slender Greek marble columns.
The marble columns date back to Roman times.

The real concern is that because Microsoft's victory in an earlier derby happens to have given it control over a particularly strategic part of the industry--because it supplies operating systems--it is in a position to squeeze out rival suppliers of other software.
Microsoft had many people wanting to take them down.

I think we lost 9 pilots out of 15 original pilots in our squadron.
I think we lost so many pilots in our group due to war.

The Hollywood Bowl, the summer home of the Los Angeles Philharmonic and jazz and pops concerts by the Hollywood Bowl Orchestra, fills each performance with Angelenos toting gourmet picnic baskets and fine wine.
Jazz and pops concerts are the most well-attended concerts at the Bowl.

yeah best coverage
The other places didn't offer the same coverage as this one.

Complicating the picture is a case pending before the U.S.
The case is set to be resolved by the end of summer. 

oh well i'll get off the phone and let you watch it then and good luck on your recovery
I'll get off the phone so you can watch the show.

The stuff of a novel, but don't expect the 37-year-old Roy to write it.
Roy didn't have enough fingers on his hands to write a novel.

The slim boy on the golden horse shot the Kentuckian a shoulder-side look and grinned, raising his quirt in salute as Drew nodded and smiled back.
Drew liked the Kentuckian.

There are now several lodges at Royal Bardia National Park on the Karnali River.
The lodges offer many modern amenities such as Wi-Fi and heated beds.

But the popular-frontish approach doesn't attract the Dobson and Bauer crowd.
The Dobson and Bauer are, however, attracted to other ideals. 

He'd unhooked one the first day that's what made me hesitate to trust him." She paused.
When he unhooked one his very first day, the horse ran off.

The cover story lionizes Steve Jobs for his wizardry at Apple and Pixar.
Steve Jobs was the cause for Apple's success.

With the help of UNESCO a new high-tech depository has been built on a site on the Corniche, east of the central square.
UNESCO raised a lot of money to build the depository.

In effect, the incremental expenditures reflect the range of decisions made by the electricity sector to comply with each of the four scenario constraints-but do not reflect efforts made outside the electricity sector.
Expenditures reflect what decisions the electricity sector makes for reducing expenses.

I see a future for elderly male actors willing to shed their clothes for laughs, but I don't see myself in the audience.
Elderly male actors shedding their clothes for laughs is not something I'd see, unless they were extremely good looking,

Done! came another.
Another was done.

You may have noticed a sort of blur extending all across the picture. 
The blur across the picture is a bird in flight.

In among the groves of olive, almond, and fig trees, the stones have been gathered up from time immemorial to build the smaller, but equally sturdy, corbelled trulli that crop up like so many mushroom clusters dotting the countryside.
The olives are the nations best selling export.

I always help old ladies over crossings, and pick up parcels for old gentlemen, in case they should turn out to be eccentric millionaires.
It's possible to get lucky when performing acts of kindness and get rich in the process.

framework also is used throughout GAO to help guide our research and development
The GAO is thorough in helping themselves and agencies alike.

In the almost 17 years I spent on Capitol Hill I cannot remember more than a handful of instances in which a member invested more of him or herself in an issue.
I have seen someone more invested, but it was 19 years ago and not at Capital Hill.

It was very likely done last night. 
It's also possible it was done early this morning.

The Office of Program Performance (OPP) staff have assisted LSC grantees and state justice communities with this change process in a number of ways, including the provision of significant technical assistance to help with planning and implementation.
The technical assistance provided by the Office of Program Performance has been a great help in state justice.

This shortcoming became evident following terrorist attacks on the World Trade Center in New York City, where firefighters have such a fund that helps members' families in times of need.
The people who ran the fund found after 9/11 that it was insufficient to meet needs.

Give Microsoft a monopoly on browsers, and you'll intensify the downward pressure on the price of its operating systems.
If Microsoft is not given a monopoly on browsers, the downward pressure on the price of its operating systems will lessen.

The most impressive of the three sites is Didyma.
Didyma outshines the other three sites in size and splendor.

He listened while the old man talked.
The old man had a lot of advice for him.

Among the initiatives currently under way as a result of these efforts are the 
There are four initiative currently under way because of these efforts.

I saw the depth of the well, and I heard the miners' call.
The well looked like a black hole it was so deep.

Benefits resulting from GAO's recommendations included better public safety and consumer protection, more efficient and effective government operations and services, help in ensuring Year 2000 readiness, and improvements to computer security.
GAO's recommendations were the result of 3 years of careful research and study.

Toledo, Spain's former capital set on a crag above a river moat, is a living museum of El Greco and the legacy of a great capital city of Christians, Jews, and Muslims.
Toledo no longer has a large Jewish population.

Another man held to the high horn with both hands and weaved back and forth while a comrade riding beside him strove to keep him from toppling to the ground.
The high horn required dexterity when wielded by even the most seasoned horn holder.

The Spanish settled the land and grew crops here in the 17th century, but the fine  great house  was built by English colonists in the 18th century.
The English colonists arrived shortly after the Spanish settlers.

and uh so that's that's one thing that's good
There are a few good things.

Above the town, the slopes of Mount Kynthos rise to a height of 112 m (367 ft), offering a view across the whole site.
You can see the entire site from the southern side of Mount Kynthos.  

Ad revenue increased but not enough to cover enormous new  Recruiting new subscribers by direct mail, printing more magazines, and mailing more magazines are tremendously expensive operations.
The more copies a magazine sells, the harder it becomes to maintain a steady profit.

They take on a cartoonish, uniform cheeriness.
The rocks take on a fun cartoon look.

yeah a roller and uh i bought one of those that you can screw in uh uh a three foot extension
I bought a roller to paint the wall with.

The Schneider Retort
Schneider's monthly report. 

It's a delicious, dark, heavy cake, similar to gingerbread.
The cake is shaped like a cube with fruit toppings.

FASAB is publishing the Codification as a comprehensive basis of accounting for Federal reporting entities.
FASAB has published thirteen works this year.

isn't that something yeah the price of home now we paid oh we paid um about seventy eight nine for our house like i said about a decade ago not even about nine years ago and
Our home is worth a lot more now than when we bought it.

Alas, golden ages do end.
The golden ages will be missed.

To find the Grace Kelly of European painting, you have to go back to the 15 th century in central Italy, France, and especially the Netherlands.
You can find the Grace Kelly of European abstract painting in the 15th century.

In some cases, the new emphasis on homeland security has prompted attention to longstanding problems that have suddenly become more pressing.
200 homeland security initiatives were implemented last year.

Stephanopoulos rephrased the rape charge as a question about the relevance of candidates' private lives.
Stephanopoulous believes that rape charges are not important. 

The beers tasted 
The beers tasted great.

7 January - Coptic Christmas with presents and partying for the Christian community.
Coptic community is quite huge in Scotland.

boy aren't you glad you're not over there or you weren't over there when all this erupted
I feel sorry for the people that are trapped there now.

yeah yeah and and even changing the things i mean first off i i mean you need to address do you even need to change the signs because for so long people are going are going to be able to equate miles to kilometers i mean when you drive around Europe you do the same thing
They use kilometers for their distance units in Europe.

Every year in June, the city holds the Christopher Street West Gay and Lesbian Pride Celebration, a lively two-day festival and parade which has grown into the third largest in Caleornia.
The floats in the gay pride parade are covered in flowers and lights.

Other natural fibers are made into beautiful scarves, shawls, and blankets often used as wraps by Egyptians to keep the winter chills at bay and woven with rich patterns in earth tones or deep reds.
The shawls and scarves are all earth tones or deep red because the natural fibers cannot be dyed. 

well that's that's a really good idea because um like our uh fruit fruit juices for some reason when they're in a can don't come with a deposit it
Cans with deposits are more likely to be recycled.

he just didn't have the energy to deal with them and of course now uh he's very excited he's retired and he's spending time with his grandchildren which shows how much he wished that he could have with his own
He spends almost every day in the company of his grandchildren. 

 All of that was then.
All of the people gathered then.

He creates a kind of equilibrium that is always mobile, always about to tilt off to one side and disappear.
It is never going to stop moving until it crashes.

Severn had embraced him after the declaration.
Severn hugged him tightly.

And now you stand there without a scar or a drop of blood!"  Hanson grunted feebly.
Tell me, how did you heal so quickly?

The book's subtitle is Expanding Opportunities for Home Ownership.
When translated, it's called Expanding Opportunities for Home Ownership

All centers are affiliated with one of the major certifying bodies, with PADI (Professional Association of Diving Instructors) being the most common.
It's important safety wise to be certified. 

um-hum yeah so you need to to me if they going do a they need to keep checking like if somebody's got some drugs in they system
The people taking drugs bring things down for the rest of us.

For a moment she struggled for self-control, and then abandoning all presence, she held it to her lips and burst into a fit of sobbing.
The woman has not had coffee in so long she cried with joy when reunited with her beloved cup.

probably not even no uh-huh
It is not proper.  

Farther on you come to Sainte-Rose.
Sainte-Rose is a city.

 If you want to lend a hand to those delving into the past, contact either the Youth Section Promotion Department at the Ministry of Tourism.
Contacting the Youth Section Promotion Department is the best way to lend a hand.

Thorn heard something tear, deep in the earth.
Thorn heard a terrifying noise.

Imbeciles and quick.
These imbeciles were as quick as a cheetah.

Deleuze for Dodo Birds
Deleuze supports all extinct species.

REMSAD was also used to estimate the changes in visibility and deposition of mercury, nitrogen, and sulfur.
REMSAD helped in the discovery of mercury in fish.

Walk up the steps to reach Caine Lane, where you'll find the Museum of Medical Sciences (open Tuesday Saturday 10am 5pm; admission by donation).
The Museum of Medical Sciences has a famous exhibit on historic medical tools.

That could have been Apple's world, and it isn't because the company imagined it could be all things.
That could have been the world of Apple, said Tech News.

Surprisingly, Horyuji also contains a building dedicated to a Langdon Warner, a Harvard art professor whom the Japanese have mistakenly credited with saving both Nara and Kyoto from aerial bombing during World War II.
Langdon Warner was trying to save precious antiquities during the war.

'Sure, doc,'  
Got it, doc, one surgery scheduled for tomorrow.

but uh even the small towns now though has really changed from when i was a kid but now i'm raising children it just it really is
Even the modest towns have changed from when I was younger, filled with new buildings and roads.

The egg cell was biochemically pre-programmed to commence development, and that, apparently, was enough to jerk the mammary-cell DNA out of its quiescent state.
The egg cell sent a radio signal to wake up the mammary cell's DNA.

According to the analysis, 60 winning bidders for the 900 MHz licenses qualify as small entities (no breakdown of small vs. very small).
Small or very small entities consist of less than 100 employees

I thought I'd have all kinds of questions and have to take the forms home.
I was able to complete the forms at the site.

She got up, facing the shed.
She got up from her chair, facing the big shed.

In recent years, policymakers have explored providing refundable tax incentives and government matching to encourage Americans to save more.
In recent years, policymakers have explored providing refundable meals

The worst vegetarian dinner?
Vegan dinners are all horrible.  

With rifle sloped over forearm, he padded into the dark.
The darkness swallowed him almost immediately.

Academy President Arthur: 'I'm terribly, terribly sorry.'
Academy President Arthur: "I am terribly sorry for my negligence."

The research element of the program operates through interagency agreements with the Federal laboratories and grants to university researchers.
The research element of the program operates through frogs making weird noises.

oh no no they've uh got volunteers apparently any all over the country
Their volunteers work for them out of compassion.

 "It remains that they were attacked while wearing the uniform!"Bayliss' glare now included the full company before him.
Bayliss stared at his company with beady black eyes.

The amount of the payment reflects the difference between (a) the benefits that the OASDHI trust funds would have paid to railroad workers and their families if railroad employment had been covered by OASDHI and (b) the payroll taxes that the OASDHI trust funds would have received if railroad employment had been covered by OASDHI.
People are angry about the differences in payments.

In fact, she learned much from both, the knack for power-politics of the one and the massive popular appeal of the other.
She gained some information from both, the flair of power-politics and the popular draw of the other

I thought you had appreciated that point."
You should be happy because it's saying exactly what you told me.

Tour guides say the red paste is to spare Hanuman the sight of the goings-on more acrobatic than erotic carved on the struts of the small Jaganath Temple opposite.
The Jaganath temple used to be much larger in size. 

Thought I'd try for a new start out here."There was the story of several thousand veterans.
He was like many other veterans who came there for a fresh start.

our church has a place where you can take them and they you know pass them on to other families so
You need a permit to take them.

GAO devotes a limited portion of its resources for research and development that enables GAO to
The research and development the GAO undertakes benefits 65% of the general population.

but uh Yount has been a he's a player uh year in year out and always uh is leading the team in uh most of most of their offensive categories
Yount is the best chance they have at winning this season.

Below are some suggestions for excursions; all can be done in a day or a half day from the city.
Some excursions only take an hour or two.

I suggest a test to resolve the matter.
A test could solve this for us. 

The D42 takes you up to the Col de la Forclaz (1,157 m/3,800 ft).
The D42 takes you to many interesting places.

um oh then we always video tape
We always record video when we get together

They said that anyone could use that site to find out about any upcoming and recently proposed rules.
They said that anyone could use that site to find out about any upcoming changes to the cost of eggs.

The company's Web page depicts him as a Cincinnatus of retailing, one who did not set out to found a retail group, but did so as a result of one of his passions, the discovery of fine craftsmanship and design.
He is from Cincinnati, according to the web page.

Postal Service from accessing a private mail box.
Most citizens are entitled to their own free mail box.

She smiled at him and he smiled back.
They were both very happy.

He went to the fire and picked up a pair of sticks, both charred black.
The sticks had been used to roast food.

Changes to be announced shortly are not expected to alter the key part, where the demon is ordered to leave the person, but to shorten the accompanying prayers and invocations.
People didn't like to see the part about the prayers so that will be removed.

The resulting competency profile is used to assess gaps in individual or group competency levels and develop human capital strategies to address current or expected future deficiencies.
Many managers view competency profiles as a waste of resources and time.

'Don't say who it is wants it.
You can say who wants it tomorrow. 

Perfect visibility is represented by a deciview of zero, so a decrease in deciview is an increase or improvement in visibility.
This measurement system is obscure.

Class Warfare?
Class warfare is brutal. 

Santa Margherita Ligure is a lively resort town full of cafe, boutiques, good hotels, and a palm-lined waterfront esplanade with seafood-serving trattorie.
The seafood in Santa Margherita Ligure is among the best in Italy.

Then he slumped, steamed ...
He was upset.

yeah whatever i mean it's uh you know across the board
It covers everything you could want.

Further, for each of the 11 practices, we provided (1) a summary of key characteristics, (2) illustrative case study examples, and (3) strategies for federal agencies to consider when implementing the practice.
The summary of characteristics was five pages long.

First, even if punishment is inevitable, it falls not on the owners at the time when the sin is committed, but on the owners at the time when the sin is discovered.
Sins are often only discovered long after they have been committed. 

Indeed, other European nations with similar histories of subjugation maintain similar words.
Other European nations with similar histories maintain similar words of racism. 

In responding to this request, EPA modeled the combined impacts of both the emissions caps and the advanced technology scenarios specified by the Senators.
The Senators are responsible for overseeing emissions related initiatives.

This type of addition to the record after the close of the comment period and the need to reopen the comment period are discussed in Sierra Club v.
Sierra Club was a landmark in deciding how to control the comment period.

These new accounting and reporting standards should not just be global in nature, they should be principle-based rather than rule-based.
These new accounting and reporting standards were thoroughly discussed before implementation.

uh-huh isn't that the way with most groups though they become a self-protection thing uh of saving jobs or getting more salary uh
I'm not sure how we change that mindset.

Studies of screening tests
Screening tests have many studies.

but see some people you can't do that to some apartments won't let you do that and then a lot of people you can't like i don't think i could live with my sister
I will not continue living with my sister.

'Men! Form up!' White bellowed.
White knew that the soldiers would be raiding the room soon. 

Sure thing, mimicked Tuppence.
Definitely, mirrored Tuppence.

yeah i have a a fuel injected engine so i don't do anything to the engine you know it's like
My Honda has a fuel injected engine.

uh-huh i mean it's good because they they try new things you know but it's like
I've discovered new things I've grown to love after branching out of my comfort zone.

replaced each year on average, the annual demand for replacement SCR catalyst is approximately 5,000 to 8,000 m3/yr.
The annual demand for replacement SCR catalyst is between 5000 and 8000 m3/yr, up from 3000.

The well-marked Route du Cidre and Route du Fromage are good guides to the towns and villages of the area, including the picturesque village of Beuvron en Auge.
The Route du Cidre is arguably better than Route du Fromage

You may also hear a man perform the same sort of ballad with a strong, husky voice.
The man is a very good singer and pleasant to listen to.

One of my favorites among these paintings, Untitled V (1982), is built around a repeated shape that is like a dark letter S.
Untitled was painted in May 1982.

right well that's a great idea i wish we were that uh involved in uh or that our city was so involved in that involved in recycling
I wish the city would focus more on recycling than on parties.

okay have a good evening
Hope to see you again in the morning.

There may be a risk if I've been followed.
There may be a risk if I've been followed by the police.

He expanded the ranch and irrigated the land so that it would support crops and cattle.
He planned to grow a variety of crops on the newly irrigated land.

The Government consider it as mere bluff on their part, and, rightly or wrongly, have stuck to the policy of absolute denial.
The Government think that they will get away with it.

right see i think that's exactly right you know if if you're uh if you're dressed in a uh a suit and uh to me it make it helps me feel uh sort of like you were saying a lot more confident in myself
Others have more confidence in themselves when they wear suits.

Ca'daan painfully turned and saw a tan skinned man with a thick mustache and braided beard talking to a man in fine cloth and thick boots.
He wanted to join in the conversation.

The remaining 20 lawyers work either in the LSNY central office or in the two programs it directly  one for the elderly and the other for the poor in the Williamsburg and Brighton Beach sections of Brooklyn.
There are many central offices in Brooklyn and almost all of them are staffed by lawyers.

Pro bono attorneys are a valuable asset for low-income people who have legal problems.
Poor people can get help with noncriminal legal problems through pro bono attorneys. 

in the price gee nice huh   that sounds good
It's very cheap for what it is.

Perhaps an egg" 
Maybe we can eat an egg.

This, we trust, will effectually silence the sensational rumours which still persist. 
Though no one could stand the rumors, they were sensational and always interesting.

The CV method values endpoints by using carefully structured surveys to ask a sample of people what amount of compensation is equivalent to a given change in environmental quality.
This survey will reveal how much people know about environment.

it would be nice but
The others would like it as well. 

A little farther on lies the Casa de los erabes (Calle Oficios, 12), a Moorish-style 17th-century building that now comprises a bazaar piled high with carpets, robes, and pottery; Havana's only place of worship for Muslims; and a lovely restaurant tucked away in the courtyard.
Casa de los erabes in Havana's only place of worship for Muslims because there is not a big Muslim community in the country.

Important foodstuffs like ducks and cattle were re-created in wood to make sure that the King would be provided for in his afterlife.
In addition to foodstuffs, luxuries were created out of bronze to ensure the King would enjoy comfort after death.

You get us a working Franklin in two weeks, and we'll pretend everything is happening exactly as it should.
A deadline of two weeks was imposed on getting Franklin working, but it would take much longer.

One difference is that this time around, Democrats are less likely to get played for suckers.
Democrats are often taken advantage of.

well maybe that'll allow me to outweigh some of the things i have to pick up on occasion
Perhaps that will make me gain a few more pounds.

I oh, dash it all, Tuppence, you know!
Tuppence, I can not do this for you!

Not because of this copypaste, but because of this new system.
This is because of the new system, not copypaste or cutpaste.

The final rule contains information collections which are subject to review by the Office of Management and Budget under the Paperwork Reduction Act.
Information collections will be reviewed.

This assumption will also lead us to underpredict benefits since it is likely that increases in real U.S. income would also result in increased cost-of-illness (due, for example, to increases in wages paid to medical workers) and increased cost of work loss days (reflecting that if worker incomes are higher, the losses resulting from reduced worker production would also be higher).
The assumption will cause under prediction of benefits. 

yeah yeah i do too but uh
Yeah, I agree but...

so it it would seem to be real beneficial
So it wouldseem beneficial to drink milk every day.

Increasing relative price of USPS postal delivery services
It is beneficial to increase the price of USPS postal delivery services. 

In addition to this series of posts ('s a sample), the thread also saw a spirited defense of Simone de Beauvoir (the Man of the Century is a woman) and Walt Disney (nominated in the culture section of the ballot).
The discussions on the forum were starting to get off track.

Each year the legal services delivery system in the United States gets better at the business of competition as LSC refines and improves the process and as our grantees, individually and collectively, become the kinds of high-quality legal services programs of which we can all be proud.
We were not always proud of the legal delivery system, but we are now.

The Nile valley south of Luxor is home to three temple complexes.
In addition to temples, the Nike valley is home to small tribes of indigenous people:

the uh public school system system seems to be getting a lot of uh criticism lately i guess over the years it's always seemed worse uh to the parents that have kids in there than it was when they were there so uh i don't know how much of it is well a lot of it is deserved but then a lot of it's not i mean the the kids are coming out learning uh things a lot faster uh whether or not they actually have it learned that that that yet uh remains to be seen at least in our kids case it's they're still in it but uh i know they're learning things that uh
I wish I had enough money to send my kids to private school.

Because these elements are all included in the concept of strategic planning, as it is currently understood in management practice, one advantage of the term state planning is that it emphasizes that what is involved is strategic planning for state equal justice communities.
"State planning" emphasizes that it takes strategic planning to create equal justice communities for African-Americans.

it was nice talking to you too and we'll probably be talking to you again okay okay bye-bye
We talked at length about the state of the world.

It's a major omission, then, that we never see those schools or the kids' interaction with their stable, well-to-do Beverly Hills counterparts.
Omitting that is unfair, and it distorts the view of the real world.

The ruins or the disappeared outnumber the survivors by several thousand to one.
Those that survived were able to recount their tales to the world.

We are also very concerned about the outdated power plant provision.
The power plant provision provides data and information that is no longer current.

These places are worth a visit for their interior marble architecture alone, but the opportunity to experience a genuine Turkish bath should not be missed.
The marble architecture has intricate geometric patterns.

It would be nice if more of the newcomers were artists, artisans, and producers, rather than lawyers and lobbyists, but head for head, I'll stack up Washington's intellectual capital against any competitor's.
Washington has more intellectuals compared to any other capital.

And the pig talks.
The pig gave a convincing argument.

I have a feeling that she's not going to be a misdemeanor trial judge for that much longer, Wong said. 
I have a feeling that she's not going to be a misdemeanor trial judge for that much longer, said Wong and Simon.

and they get i suppose any items that you have laying out can be easily seen
If you lay something out, they can see it and then they are guaranteed to steal it.

Generation Languages.
Multiple languages are generated.

 In the old town of steep, cobbled streets, curious dead ends, and unexpected vistas, a map isn't really necessary.
You do need to keep track of the major cobbled streets, though.

To effectively support the Congress, GAO must be professional, objective, fact-based, nonpartisan, nonideological, fair, and balanced in all its work.
the GAO must be a fair and just organization.

La Villette's City des Sciences et de l'Industrie puts the accent on public participation.
Anyone can join in at the La Villette's City des Sciences et de l'Industrie.

The Postal Service usually responds to these measurements by saying that they are not statistically valid or that they are not representative.
The Postal Service responds by saying the information is wrong because they don't know how to fix the problem.

Those who think culture drives politics (e.g.
The people who think that politics is driven by culture because of cultures influential qualities.

These and other suggested flexibilities for DHS should be viewed in the context of how similar flexibilities have been exercised by other agencies with similar missions, such as the Transportation Security Administration (TSA), the DOD, the FBI, and the CIA.
The other suggested flexibilities for DHS show how many sofas can be bought.

Investors generally try to achieve some balance in the allocation of their portfolios, and U.S. assets already represent a significant share of foreign portfolios.
Some investors are gamblers by heart.

Says as how he was took by Kitchell 'n' got away, but he ain't too clear 'bout what happened or where.
He was really scared when was taken. 

Here Picasso, Braque, and Juan Gris developed Cubism, while Modigliani painted his own mysteries and Apollinaire wrote his first surrealistic verses.
Picasso is perhaps the most famous of the cubist artists.

There was a case in Colorado  " The little man's voice trailed on, voluble, mildly enthusiastic.
The man started thinking he may have the answer.

LSC, therefore, required its grantees to begin to examine, on a statewide level, how all grantees in a particular state would serve in the present, and plan to serve in the future, the civil legal needs of low-income persons.
LSC required them to look at how grantees would serve low-income people in civil court.

The neighborhood south of the Vatican, Trastevere, literally across the Tiber, has long been renowned as the most popular quarter of Rome.
The Trastevere neighborhood was mostly built in medieval times.

Services also operate down the west coast to Rennes, Bordeaux, and the Pyrenees.
Extending hundreds of miles, services operate along the west coast through Rennes, Bordeaux and the Pyrenees.

Suizenji Park is an extravagant but attractive example of the extensive gardens of the 17th century.
Suizenji Park has been maintained to resemble gardens of the 17th century.

'I've spent my whole life inventing things for other people's reasons.
I feel like my life was wasted inventing things for other people.

uh-huh yeah i know they don't write anything like they used to the classics
I haven't read any good modern texts.

and i knew that they had presented an extremely slanted viewpoint
My own views were in direct conflict with theirs.

Every fact that I know is in your possession. 
I have told you everything.

With the implementation of the Matters Reporting System, the Corporation has created an asset offering significant dividends for stakeholders at all levels of the civil justice system.
The Corporation has over 10,000 stakeholders.

well then they sure they won't turn you down because they've got your money
Since they already have your money I don't see any reason they would turn you down.

Doing otherwise could result in the customer walking away.
These processes have improved customer retention.

The Fed's efforts to cool off stock prices in 1929 had no impact on the stock market, but it did start the depression it had hoped to avoid.
The Fed publicly denied having anything to do with the depression.

Built on reclaimed marshland, as its name suggests, the Marais contains some of Europe's most elegant Renaissance mansions (hetels), many of which now serve as museums and libraries.
The Marais region is prone to flooding during periods of heavy rain.

they really have a lot of variety
They have a variety of types of flowers.

The unquantified benefits for ozone and PM fall into two  (1) those for which the scientific literature does not provide an established Concentration-Response (C-R) function capable of estimating health effects with reasonable certainty and (2) those effects that may double-count benefits (e.g.
Some of the unquantified benefits fall into multiple categories. 

The Pont-Neuf (neuf means new ) is in fact Paris's oldest standing bridge, completed by Henri IV in 1606.
Henry IV completed the bridge himself in 1606.

There has been no auction for the 800 MHz licenses.
The auction forgot to include the licenses.

because that's the lowest thing for themselves plus there's nobody for them to look up to
There's no role model in their house

The village of Coloane is picturesque, with a central square lined with cafe.
The central square of Coloane has many coffee shops.

Reed says the San Antonio center fields calls on a number of legal problems.
The center specializes in pro bono legal work.

The Commission discusses how it amended the proposals in response to these comments.
The comments were heavily critical of the Commission's proposals.

But if he dies, it's not clear that Syria can control Lebanon or that the Golan border will remain peaceful.
There is much internal conflict in Syria and Lebanon.

southwest Houston
I live in Southwest Houston.

I thought for a moment.
I thought about the dream I had the previous night. 

LOS ANGELES - A government-sponsored coup last year made Bruce Iwasaki and Neal Dudovitz the kings of Los Angeles County's federally funded legal aid community.
The government-sponsored coup was put together in order to force cuts through the backdoor.

there you go that's it that's it
You're correct.

In addition, the Japanese are considered to be more risk-averse and forward-looking than American
The Japanese are more progressive. 

The mills in North Carolina exist because textile capital migrated from the Northeast in pursuit of low wages, no unions, and cheaper materials.
There are mills in North Carolina because people were fed up with having an expensive life in the Northeast

oh for goodness sakes that's great great you a student there
how many years have you been studying there for?

The replacement rate can be calculated as a simple percentage of pretax income.
Ten percent of pretax income is the normal replacement rate.

Families can be removed for drug use by one member, whether the drug activity is in the home or somewhere else.
Police interrogators will often use this fact to coerce cooperation out of suspects.

reform law allowed states to use Temporary Assistance for Needy Families (TANF) funds to establish subsidized saving accounts for TANF recipients.
TANF recipients tend be of lower social class and earn less income.

Ever since its early maritime days and through the 1950s when gangsters who ran prostitution and gambling rackets made Havana synonymous with decadence it has always held a slightly seedy, languorous allure.
Gangsters ran prostitution and gambling rackets in Havana and they caused much problems.

The train lurched.
Someone had tripped the brakes.

Thus any inbound mail piece would pay the First-Class rate, or the Priority Mail rate for items weighing more than 13 ounces.
The First-Class rate is cheap enough to be worth it.

Staff recommendations went first to Vice President Randi Youells and then to President Erlenborn for final funding decisions.
Staff recommendations were approved for funding.

Does the study state clearly whether identification ofthese factors was based on insight and recognition or on quantitative techniques?
The authors of the study have yet to complete the chapter outlining their methods.

In turn, quantitative methods in case studies expanded.
In turn, quantitative methods expanded in case studies due to their reliability.

If you feel more energetic, you can rent a rowboat at the dock and set out under your own steam.
Usually the younger generations are the ones who rent the rowboats.

Additional copies are $2 each.
Our products are cheap.

However, that Executive Order has been replaced by Executive Order 12988, Civil Justice Reform, effective May 5, 1996.
The Executive Order that was replaced by Executive Order 12988 was outdated.

uh i guess that's not going to do anything but spread as as uh economic hardships spread and so will the the crimes of that age group i guess i've got a a brother-in-law that's on the police force and and his uh wife is a uh nurse in an emergency room and boy when they come home from work together they have the worst stories to share i mean we spent a week with them down in Corpus Christi and
Economic hardships spread to the poorest areas first.

There's paradox in artifice.
Many people fail to discern the paradox.

Could he, bound as he was, manage to cut his bonds? 
He was very strong and could probably free himself.

and because of that i see i work with adolescents specifically so i i see a lot of kids with with various problems right now some of the things i'm working with are kids that are dealing with sexual abuse so a lot of the books i've been reading uh have to do with with helping them get through uh those issues
My adolescent clients are all being sexually abused, so i had to read up on that.

Once replicated, they might then do harm to your data, just like biological viruses can do harm to their hosts.
Computer viruses are easier to track down compared to biological viruses.

This masterpiece of Provencal Romanesque sculpture depicts the Last Judgment in the tympanum above the doors, surrounded by statues of the saints.
The Provencal Romanesque sculpture is religious in nature.

Avis employees, said one fan, will be motivated, they will be happy, they will be competitive.
Avis employees will become the best in their industry.

It is also known as Botanical Island for the exotic gardens created there.
Botanical Island has several dozen species of plants in its exotic gardens. 

He leaned forward and hissed savagely: "So that's your little game, is it?" Tuppence, though utterly taken aback, nevertheless kept her head.
He hissed at Tuppence and Tuppence was taken aback but responded quickly.

Simone Martini's Miracles of St. Agostino Novello, and Pietro Lorenzetti's Birth of Mary are not to be missed.
There are only two artworks worth seeing in the area.

Casinos thrive not because of the business they do with local customers, but because of the business they do with people from around the country and around the world.
Casinos have shown a decrease in business. 

And I think ...
I think it, but I'm not completely sure.

6 million and a separate technology grant were announced at a press conference and dinner held Thursday at Evo.
Hundreds of people attended the press conference.

Again and again the blade cut until the man cried out no more.
The man suffered greatly before he died.

It was designed by Felix de Weldon and bears a striking similarity to his Iwo Jima Memorial to the Pacific War in Washington, DC.
The building here is similar to many other buildings overseas.

Such planning entities are generally composed of an array of civil equal justice delivery stakeholders, including but not limited to representatives from the state bar association, state IOLTA funding entity, staffed legal services programs (LSC and non-LSC), the pro bono community, client organizations, clients and others with an interest and commitment to effective delivery of civil legal services to poor and vulnerable people in the state.
Pro bono community programs and the state bar association don't see eye to eye on the issue.

I took that as a polite dismissal, and worked my way out of the cockpit just as the train began to move again.
I took that as him telling me to leave, so I walked out of the cockpit like he asked.

But don't cross over.
Crossing over was bad.

i mean i'm all for donating my time to worthy causes like i do some volunteer work here and there and every once in a while i'll do uh a uh local Big Brother Big Sister thing
I wish I could volunteer more, as I'm all for giving up my time for worthy causes, but when I can I volunteer with the local Big Brother Big Sister program.

That night he was scheduled to accept the Award for the Site of the Year in a competition sponsored by 'Przekobiz' (he didn't have the patience to wait for 'Inzapbiz').
He was thrilled about receiving the award for Site of the Year. 

However, these items merit special treatment so that readers of Government financial reports know the extent of these investments that are made for long-term benefit.
The long-term benefits are related to future revenue generating measures.

Other participants in the Symposium and its numerous standing committees include legal services advocates and program board members, representatives of the state Attorney General's office and other government attorneys, faculty from the West Virginia College of Law, bar leaders, and representatives of the domestic violence and human services communities.
Domestic violence and spousal abuse was addressed at the symposium.

a real positive
That positive offsets the rest of the negatives.

I don't know anything for sure.
Someone else knows things for sure.

Brunelleschi is at his most elegant in the Old Sacristy at the end of the left transept (site of a few Medici tombs), decorated with four Donatello wall-medallions (the artist himself is buried in the left transept).
Brunelleschi spent seven years designing the Old Sacristy.

Before going any further, consider two points.
Think about this before you pursue this job.

it's just like Poland
American is like Poland.

One of the few locations on the west coast to offer palm-fringed beaches is Pulau Pangkor (Pangkor Island).
The beaches tend to be covered in litter.

'I mean, your boss was pretty harsh to give you a two week deadline...'
A two week deadline wont be enough for you to finish your project.

But the Sports Network posts Vegas odds, from the Stardust and Mirage casinos, no less.
The Sports Network draws in 1 million viewers everyday. 

Therefore, even if a multipollutant strategy implementation causes a large increase in demand for AC, provided that the timing of compliance was clear and far enough in the future, adequate supply of AC should be assured.
Multipollutant strategy implementation can decrease demand for AC.

What do analysts use to value stock?
Stock is analyzed by a variety of methods 

Arraiolos wool rugs are colorful and rustic-looking
Arraiolos wool rugs have a long and colorful history.

'Well, you would know,' Greuze grinned.
Greuze grinned because he was excited.

I'll bet Dad couldn't even get into the old thing.  
I bet even Dad, with all his greatness, couldn't get inside of the ship.

The Konjikido (Golden Hall) is a fabulously opulent mausoleum that Kiyohira Fujiwara built for himself in 1124.
Kiyohira Fujiwara had built other famous structures.

Fascinating miniature work is also in evidence, with a series of tiny faience plaques depicting the faaades of Minoan houses.
Miniature ceramic plaques are on most of the buildings facades in the area. They were creates over 100 years ago.

We'll need food, water, and shelter.
The people need a warm place to live and some good meals.

An article argues that projected budget surpluses rest on the shaky assumption that Congress will maintain budget ceilings by slicing popular domestic programs.
The actions of Congress have caused the public to become angry.

For most people,  intellectual  is not the dirty word it seems to be in so many other countries.
There are many intellectuals in many countries.

yeah yeah It was in the it was in the summer at at at at the time but you think they would pay more attention to what was going on that they'd see this guy had taken off his clothes
It was the summer when the kids all saw the man.

Instead, DOD's product development environment relies on cost-type contracting throughout the entire product development process.
DOD is not the only product development environment that relies on cost-type contracting.

and we've i had having both of them natural the first one was natural and going natural the second and and it was it's rough but it's not as as bad as i thought it would be
I did almost opt in a for a c-section

Housed in an old byat, it is currently under renovation, but the work is mostly on the exterior leaving the wealth of artifacts inside undisturbed.
There are a wealth of artifacts inside, including statues and gemstones. 

Now a suburb of Varanasi, which is located about 10 km (6 miles) out of town, Sarnath is where Buddha gave his famous Deer Park sermon (the veritable foundation of the religion) to five disciples around the year 530 b.c. (see pages 19 21).
After hearing the Deer Park sermon, Buddha's five disciples went out and passed their learning along to other people.

I have locked them and, in my opinion, they would be better kept locked for the present." The doctors then departed. 
The doctor locked the guilty in a room. 

those type of people now i i have no pity for them
I have no pity for those kind of people but I used to.

Deductions for State and local property taxes on homes $22,140
The person owned a large home with a lot of land to have such a high tax.

Participants believe that models that provide temporary resources to SEC, such as through fellowships from the accounting profession, are not the answer to its funding and staffing problems and can raise conflict of interest issues.
Participants were given a short quiz to complete.

and uh what they they called it like a winter hurricane and so instead of bringing high winds and destruction and rain it just brought a lot of snow and basically it rain it it snowed only on the coast but not inland
The winter hurricane caused more damage than a normal hurricane.

I was never in a tighter place in my life. Helped out by questions from Sir James, he gave an abbreviated account of his adventures.
He had the most fascinating story anyone has ever heard to date.

He was quite a young general!"
He was the youngest general ever.

 "Looky what we've got us here!
They have something surprising.

yeah you know it was it was on one time when i saw it and you know it it's pretty cute
It was on early Saturday morning.

Therefore, the study was able to correlate mental status exam scores with alcohol levels at the time of consent.
There were many experts who felt that the mental status exam scores were unnecessarily alarmist.

27, 2001); and Senior Executive  Retirement Trends Underscore the Importance of Succession Planning, GAO/GGD-00-113BR (Washington, D.C.: May 12, 2000).
Senior executive retirement trends have been steadily decreasing.

You did serve them, Fowler?"
Fowler was being asked if he served them because he may have forgotten to do so.

The percentage of questionable cases for individual programs ranged from 7 percent to 42 percent.
The questionable cases were immediately thrown out by the judge.

The photo was taken by Henryk the servant, when his little charge decided he wanted a red biplane model Curtiss Consolidated Skyhawk Cruisader 3A 'Bingo Star'.
Henryk, the servant, was an avid photographer.

Not so the cante chico (light song), a more animated version performed in tablaos (floor shows) on the Costa Blanca.
The cante chico is a popular version of a light song.

 "Sing's in th' kitchen.
Sing is in the kitchen making breakfast. 

Red watched them walk away and when he turned he saw Slim peering cautiously out from among the briars of a hedge.
Slim was an undercover police officer.

But with these things, you never know.
These things are just hard to interpret.  

A French sourmilky delegation is arriving today, and I need to have something in an hour.
I need to have my milk in an hour.

But when Suleiman died, his empire, including Jerusalem, began a long period of decline.
Suleiman's empire started to decline when he died from cancer.

Click on Utilities if you want to print the entire issue using Microsoft Word, or if you're dying to inspect our masthead (Boiler Slate ).
Boiler Slate is a masthead of their ship.

The first step in the benefits analysis is the specification of the regulatory scenarios that will be evaluated.
The second step is assigning responsiblitiy.

That makes it easier just to assume success in the absence of complete disaster.
Whenever there is no complete disaster, success is assumed.

So we come to the usual question how much? Tuppence was in a dilemma.
Tuppence had trouble figuring out how much she should ask for.

yeah uh-huh that's what i've seen uh-huh
Yes, that's the way it always is.

I sputter through an interview with the disc jockey.
The disc jockey was popular on the radio.

investigations according to standards established by the President's Council on Integrity and Efficiency (PCIE) as adapted for GAO's work.
The President's Council on Integrity and Efficiency establishes the standards for criminal investigations.

the Federal Bureau of Investigation's National Crime Information Center
The FBI's crime information center is in Washington, DC

The Estoril Tennis Club is another excellent center.
There are a lot of different really nice centers, but the Estoril Tennis Club is probably the best one.

He had an ex-soldier who would help protect his village.
He wanted to make sure the villagers were safe.

Situated at Meryemana (Mother Mary) in the hills above the city is the house where she is thought to have passed the last years of her life.
She is thought to have lived here alone.

When changing channels, it as impossible not to stumble upon, for example, a two-minute ad starring the actress Gabriela Starszalowska, who was convincing the viewers that it wasn't nude film roles, but Happi beverages, that brought her real happiness.
Gabriela Starszalowska happily sipped a Happi beverage in the ad.

so uh one of my other daughters got a uh gerbil and they came to me for a name and i said well name him Libreg and they said well how did you get that name i said well that's gerbil spelled backwards
My daughter thought Libreg was a really cool name for a gerbil.

He's good stuff, too served in the cavalry.... Kells studied the young man by the mule.
He was the captain of the cavalry.

But they exaggerate the propaganda power of Time Warner media.
Time Warner has little control over the news narrative.

Here you can enjoy Middle Eastern meat and vegetable specialities in a friendly atmosphere.
The Arab food here is some of the best around.

Attestation engagements are governed by the standards for attestation engagements issued by the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants (AICPA).
Most people underestimate the amount of work that goes into making the attestation engagements.

Meantime, the City Council proposed slashing the Mayor's allocation of $62.
The Mayor's $62 allocation is useless. 

Agency officials authorized to perform administrative approvals are generally required to follow agency policies and procedures as opposed to statutory requirements and Treasury regulations followed by certifying officers.
Agency codes and systems take precedence over statutory conditions and Treasury rules.

they would they had settled while we were deliberating
They didn't wait to hear what we thought about it.

Another organization recruited staff from its industry who had relevant technical experience and understood the organization's role in the industry.
One organization had a very difficult time recruiting experienced staff. 

It's not an easy proposition anyway.
It would be easier if you helped.  

criminals criminals because people wouldn't register them i i i live in California and and we just had a a registration a law registration for automatic guns and uh
I had a gun, which was registered.

that that's right oh that's a big thrill for them
They are excited easily.

And then he (Frank) will come in on Saturdays and Sundays to catch up on paperwork.
He is behind in paperwork.

GAO also seeks to lead the government in the strategic management and security of effective technology utilization.
The GAO has many provisions against unsafe use of technology. 

I retraced my steps to Styles in some annoyance. 
I knew that I had made a mistake in my reasoning.

Results of the review should be communicated to agency officials for their comment, in accordance with government auditing standards.
Agency officials are typically all ears when it comes to audit results.

Keep in mind that you only test those data elements you plan to use for the engagement.
The data elements provide conclusive information.

The Commission discusses the two possible groups of small entities that would be subject to this rulemaking and concludes that as many as 100 broker-dealers and as many as 960 Nasdaq Small Cap issuers could be affected by this rulemaking.
The commissions says two groups of investors could be affected by the new rules.

Another approach is to have injection downstream of an ESP, which would collect most of the coal fly ash, and upstream of a fabric filter (FF), which would mostly capture sorbent.
If an ESP is upstream of injection, it won't function correctly.

I've lived through such damning times before, and I know that they are sometimes necessary.'
Bad times are almost always overcome by good times. 

Ecology of Fear reads like a book written in the middle of the 1992 recession.
The 1992 recession wiped out a lot of book publishers.

I'm darned if she did! shouted Julius.
Julius was threatening to do something bad to her if she did something he didn't want her to do.

and he says that what i do is i'm actually crossing the plain is what this is his words his technical words for it crossing yeah
His technical words are hard to understand.

In the Savings Are Vital for Everyone's Retirement Act of 1997 (SAVER Act), the Congress found that a leading obstacle to expanding retirement saving is that many Americans do not know how to save for retirement, let alone how much.
Savings Are Vital For Everyone's Retirement Act of 1997 (SAVER Act), the Congress found out about American's attitudes towards retirement savings.

and uh there wasn't a thing they could do you know they'd take her down to the juvenile hall and then they'd have to let her go and she'd be back  doing it
They would have to let her go from juvenile hall and then she would go right back to doing it because her parents don't care.

groups have not embraced the political and social reconciliation needed to build
The political reconciliation needed to build was unjust. 

A street map is a must.
You need a street map to find the shopping districts.

It has since served as the site of combats between lions and Christians, as a fortress for the invading Visigoths in the fifth century, as a communal residence for the poor in the Middle Ages, and today is the site of a variety of events including bullfights.
It also was an ancient burial site before being known today as place where bullfights happen.

You hear? said the German, his eyes on Tommy.
There was a shout in the distance.

They can kill twenty of the local stock or will give you a bloody show if they fail.
They were very violent in nature.

(In fact, when I made that argument at one panel discussion in 1993, a fellow panelist--a NAFTA advocate, as it happens--exploded in  It's remarks like that that make people hate economists!
Economists usually say stupid things like that.

Factories in Kowloon and the New Territories, producing traditional and modern china, are geared to entertain and instruct visiting tourists; prices are appealing.
The factories in Kowloon and the New Territories produce things other than china.

She pointed out that even ongoing programs have been re-scrutinized and required to make protocol changes.
The standard current protocol is inefficient.

you are you sure you didn't leave your refrigerator door open
Did your milk go bad because your refrigerator door was left open/

The plaster ceilings here date from 1678 and depict angels carrying the symbols of royal crown, scepter, sword, and wreath of laurel leaves.
The plaster was carefully carved and polished. 

um-hum i would definitely support that
I would support the feminist movement in that case.

How many people do you poison? I asked, smiling. 
You enjoy poising people.  

i mean yeah and i mean certainly he wasn't going to take Bob Dole on and not that Bob Dole would even take the position i mean he'd be giving up more than he'd gain
Bob Dole is a menace to society.

In June you can watch dealers haggling over heaps of white silkworm cocoons.
Silkworm cocoons are a valuable resource for the townsfolk.

or L.?" It was a medium sized sheet of paper, rather dusty, as though it had lain by for some time. 
The paper could be assumed to have been there for some time. 

APPENDIX  SAMPLE REPORTS
the sample environmental reports are in the appendix

 Nema came into the room now, touching his shoulder gently.
Nema gently touched his shoulder in the place where he had been injured.

(Joint Chiefs of Staff, Department of Defense Dictionary of Military and Associated Terms, Joint Publication 1-02, Mar.
The agencies worked together for a common good. 

the Department of Defense could begin full production.
It is possible that the Department of Defense could begin full production within six months.

Other performance centers are the CiteHall cultural complex, with exhibition halls and theaters that present concerts, plays, and films; the Hong Kong Academy for the Performing Arts with two major theaters for dance, drama, and concert performances; and the Hong Kong Arts Centre in Wan Chai, where both local and visiting groups perform.
The CiteHall cultural complex is the newest venue in Hong Kong, having been built just three years ago.

In particular, adjustments were made for differences in labor cost, amount of worksharing, and mix of mail by shape.
Adjustments were made for differences in the cost of labor because immigrant labor is so inexpensive.

This, Mister Kirby, is the best barber, valet, and general aid to comfort in town, the sultan of our bath.
He's a man of many trades and will assist you with anything you may need.

and then one night we were camping and it came just a torrential downpour we had the steaks on the grill these people were with us and it i mean everything was sopping wet inside the tent it was just that bad you know
The steaks were ruined because of the rain, so we had to go without dinner.

Unfortunately, there was no mention of the Capital Region's own Legal Aid Society of Northeastern New York, the nonprofit organization that works to ensure that justice is available to the poor, the disabled and the endangered members of our community.
The nonprofit organization saw an increase in volunteers that year.

Mon Dieu! 
Something bad has happened.  

Kids love L.A.; this is certainly one city where you will never run out of things to do or places to go to keep them amused.
Kids love Los Angeles because the weather is great and there is fun to be had outside.

And it's true that Gore is now doing the same to Bush.
Gore is badmouthing Bush just like Bush used to.

Last spring, the group also recruited Benjamin Muhammad (a k a Benjamin Chavis ), an ordained United Church of Christ minister and former head of the NAACP.
Benjamin Muhammad is a prized member of the group.

uh-huh right uh-huh yeah uh-huh
Yeah I agree with that.

yeah she's one
Yeah, she is one hell of an actress.

Marilyn Monroe and John Kennedy were said to be among the celebrities who met secretly in the private bungalows.
John Kennedy and Marilyn Monroe were having a secret affair.

He wanted to bring an old age back.
He collected antiques.

original start/completion dates
These are the original start and completion dates of the project.

And the reason Lincoln and his goons had shown up? Well, not everybody was full of respect.
Lincoln was being disrespectful.

The acropolis was built on a set of terraces.
The acropolis was not always built on the terraces.

and you didn't want that to happen and to me it had always been that way i mean what happens is you have a government right and this government controls everything right
You slave your entire life at school just to enslave yourself to a corporation that enslaves you to money that enslaves you to debt.

But I do suggest that Miss Finn should remain here.
Miss Finn should stay here for a few more hours. 

is our five minutes up  okay well it was nice talking to you okay bye
I hope we can talk again in the future.

Though Las Vegas had developed a powerful local economy, few major outside investments were made in the city, due primarily to mob infiltration and its inherent ties to illegal activities.
The mob made the city a dangerous place, and nobody wanted to invest in it.

This principle discusses the strategies that leading organizations use to assess their skill bases and attract, recruit, and retain IT professionals.
Many different strategies are used depending on the situation. 

and they just said well you know clutches are disposable and i said since when brake pads are disposable you know we know that but i never thought a clutch was disposable
brake pads are disposable but can't be easily replaced

but oh yeah right  i hope to hear
I'll find out tomorrow.

Thanks to Gutman, Genovese, and their left-wing peers, we now know that the notion that Slaves Were Happy, as the New York Times headline put it, is not necessarily false.
The New York Times editors admitted that the premise of the Slaves Were Happy concept was nonetheless offensive.

yeah well i i've seen more graduates from MIT and that being
I have seen more graduates from MIT and they are very successful.

The West's belief in peaceful democracy endures, in part, because it celebrates us, because we think that the spread of democracy will usher in a period of peace that will allow us to concentrate on our own needs and ignore those of others.
The West's belief in peaceful democracy endures because we believe its spread is best.

You say that it's not important who asked the question.
You feel it is not important who asked the inappropriate question

That wasn't downstairs?"
That wasn't downstairs, was it?

In a month from now sooner or later as you wish I will guarantee you such a reign of terror in Ireland as shall shake the British Empire to its foundations. There was a pause, and then came the soft, sibilant accents of Number One: "Good! 
The dragons shall rise again and reclaim Ireland as their own.

oh i hate to hear that
I wish you hadn't told me.

Scarcely a sentence passed his lips without a mention of toughness.
His talking was loud and planned.

They buried us alive in there, said Stark, pointing to the flank of the Old One.
People died in the flank of the Old One

The director's beautiful detachment suggests a kind of cowardice.
The director is detached because of the amount of money he has.

They sold us the slaves.
The slaves were not thrilled.

Our simulations are based on the Congressional Budget Office's (CBO) January 2001, 10-year budgetary and economic projections7 through calendar year 2010.
The simulations would have been better with a different projection.

But not all of it has, and not all of it will be.
Not everything of it has or will be, said the song.

i think basically it's a good idea you know i hope it works
I hope it works today.

The U.S. cost elasticities in Table 1, when applied to the accrued costs of each function, determine the coefficients in the cost function, which in turn generate the unique shape of the unit cost function (Figure 1).
The data in Table 1 would help create other shapes for other figures.

It was published in the Federal Register as a final rule on December 9, 1997.
The Federal register was made available online and in print.

Postal Service gives sorting and barcoding discounts to about 40 percent of First-Class letter volume.
The Postal Service rewards the First-Class due to their increased usage of the postal system.

Randomized trials of inexpensive screening and intervention protocols that are feasible for use in the brief contact setting of the emergency department have been shown empirically to be effective when used in a variety of settings outside the ED.
Inside the ED, the randomized trials of screenings and protocols were less effective.

And so the cult of Napoleon was, finally, a cult of the tomb.
All members of the cult were loyal to Napoleon.

Bailey said the total number of calories consumed is substantially up in South Asia and the Middle East, but he admitted Africa remains a basket case.
People in South Asia and the Middle East have adopted a more Western style of eating.

Not likely, even here.
It is not possible to do that, even here.

and you're pretty much uh assumed to be guilty until proven innocent by the test results
You did so poorly they won't give you the benefit of the doubt.

The Shrine, completed in 1953, is also the tomb of the Bab, the forerunner of Baha'u'llah.
The Shrine was built by a thousand slaves.

The President's Management Agenda, Fiscal Year 2002, includes a governmentwide initiative for improved financial performance.
Financial performance will be improved.

Unfortunately, the creative ferment by no means precluded new horrors of war, assassination, persecution, plunder, and rape.
Creative ferment decreased the frequency of war, plunder, and rape.

After his move to Amsterdam, de Hooch painted ever more luxurious interiors, probably as bait for wealthy patrons.
De Hooch moved to Amsterdam to pursue further education in the arts.

i you know i don't know i think there's a point some of these plea bargains and all this kind of stuff that they do it's just it just gets out of hand and i understand that you know that you know my husband and i
I think the plea bargains for murderers are out of hand.

What is now the northern state of Kedah benefited from the plow and other Indian farming practices.
Kedah was a northern state with 4,000 inhabitants.

The best way to learn what's on is to visit the theater
To learn what is on you can visit the theater because the shows are listed there.

There is little or no interest in generalizability.
Specifics are required.

At the 8a discount level, the overall volume in the system, basic plus workshared, increases 0.69%.
The overall volume needs to increase a lot more.

This process of employing statistical process control techniques on prototype engines verified that the manufacturing processes were capable of manufacturing the product to high quality standards within established cost and schedule targets.
The manufacturing processes were refined over several years before cost and schedule targets could be met.

David Arnold Hanson was a power to reckon with.
He was powerful as his parents had given him more money than any man can imagine.

Lash is associate dean at the University of Southern California Law School.
Lash is widely despised by the school staff but loved by the students.

I've known him slightly on and off for some years, and this morning I ran across him in the street.
This morning, I saw him outside of the gas station.

I'm afraid we're now in the position of having to track Miss Vandemeyer anew.
A new plan to locate Miss Vandemeyer will be resource intensive. 

America Little stretched forever, home sweet home.
I was very happy to be back in America Little.

The agency has a $38.
The agency was recently given a grant of $38 by corporate.

The regulatory capture of Rubin by Wall Street has not only benefited Wall Street, it has also polished Rubin's reputation.
In an article published in the New York Times, Rubin explained how he had the foresight to see this coming.

They were a barbaric race, and their custody of the area brought about a dark period during which the written word was forgotten and art disappeared.
They were a bunch of barbarians who knew nothing but destroy things. 

Instead, their focus is on improving the reliability of performance management information.
They need to better management of performance 

The dry-cleaning bills were ridiculous.
It cost $200 to have one article dry cleaned.

The problem, Keynes wrote, was that people desire the moon--a perfectly safe place to store their wealth.
Keynes wrote that people desider a safe place they can be wealthy in, and this remains true for the most of economists.

all right do you do garden work
Are you a gardener?

and you've got to admit that Congress does kind of look at things that way
Congress should look at things in a different way.

He moved the court to Versailles, impoverished the nobility by forcing them to contribute to the incredible luxury of his palace, and imposed as their sole function the support of the king in time of war.
The nobility were outraged when he asked them to foot the bill for his palace.

For example, the utility company had distilled the fundamental components of its information protection policies into less than one page of text.
The utility company's policies used to be three pages long.

Forestry workers in California may spend April to October in remote parts of California and then return to Mexico from November to March.
April to October is the length of time Forestry workers in California can spend in, but this may change in the next few years.

What was he doing this far away from the water-hole route?
He is far away from the water-hole route because he got lost.

(In practice, there will probably be a small segment of the population-- presumably at the low end of the income distribution--who will be unhappy about having to buy insurance even at $500.
Paying $500 for insurance is a lot of money for some people in America.

they're somewhere between ten and fifteen dollars a piece
Somewhere between $10 and $15 a piece here in Florida, in California it goes for about $25-30.

a state income tax was also kind of tough too um i guess since we've been married we've moved a lot and so it always seems like you know we're always paying in taxes for something and so the it was kind of nice this year to finally be able to get a little bit of money back but
The state income tax is set too high.

You see, my friend, you have a nature so honest, and a countenance so transparent, that ”enfin, to conceal your feelings is impossible! 
You are obviously very upset about the matter.

I didn't want to look back, in case I saw something unpleasant.
I was afraid I would see a pack of wolves behind me, so I didn't look back.

Every one always says so.
This is an exaggeration.

In an ordinary business, that's fine.
Writing off bad debts is normal in business.

really so uh does your husband ever use uh a laptop or a notebook does he bring a little one home with him or
Using a notebook would be better for your husband.

The five agencies we reviewed implemented key empowerment and involvement practices as part of making organizational changes intended to realign organizations and processes to improve performance.
The organisational changes made were successfully in helping the agencies perform more efficiently.

The cathedral has had a varied and interesting history, and enjoys a lively, friendly rivalry with Christ Church, only a few hundred yards away (St.
The rivalry between the cathedral and Christ Church has been going on for centuries.

It goes on to quote the Democratic Party chairman's praise for Clinton's moral leadership.
Clinton is the most moral of the Democrats.

HHS published a notice of proposed rulemaking on September 8, 1994.
HHS published notice of proposed rules so there would be no confusion.

I come now to the events of the 16th and 17th of that month. 
I kind of like the events

Try asking for menemen, a delicious dish of eggs scrambled with tomatoes, green peppers, and onion.
Menemen is popularly used as a hangover cure.

Time goes Oprah-overboard with four articles on the talk show host and her new movie of Toni Morrison's Beloved (about a runaway slave dealing with motherhood).
Time wrote four articles about Oprah's acting career.

San'doro and the Kal both looked to the sky, letting the rain fall on them.
The rain washed dirt from both their faces.

And their criticisms of the NEA are self-fulfilling.
The NEA is called a crooked organization.

(internal quotation marks omitted).
The quotations marks are missing.

The new moves in, with scant reference to the old.
The amount of effort to create new system means it's only financially acceptable to replace a system every 5 years.

It is at that, said Jon.
Jon is giving up. 

The certification provision, now contained in 31 U.S.C.
Containing the certification provision in 31 USC is more convenient for all parties involved.

No wonder they took their ease in the Tubacca plaza.
It makes sense that they went to Tubacca to relax after meeting their sales goals.

Yad Vashem it means a monument and a name (which shall not perish) is Israel's Holocaust Museum complex.
Israel created Yad Vashem in the 1950s.

First, one-stop shopping will make access to legal aid and our nation's system of justice easier for Utahns.
Utahns will be able to get legal aid more quickly than before.

8.28 Auditors should report that the audit was made in accordance with generally accepted government auditing standards.
Auditors should report that the audit was generally accepted by the IRS.

I'd be dead without you.
I saved someone's life by loaning them some cash.

Knight with his Hand on Chest, an early portrait, is realistic and alive, a study of a deep-eyed, bearded caballero (gentleman) in black.
Though it is well regarded, the portrait 'Knight with his Hand on Chest' is not very famous.

The artifacts that most people put at the top of their lists are on the second floor, so you may want to head there first before you get worn out.
The second floor is a good place to start your trip

The western shores of the lake are lined with gracious villas nestling in perfumed gardens.
The lake's western shore has 20 luxurious villas lined around it.

I nodded glumly, feeling humiliation deep inside.
I wouldn't get over feeling humiliated for a long time.

To further underscore accountability issues, the PBO's Chief Operating Officer is to annually prepare and submit to Congress, through the Secretary, a report on the performance of the PBO.
Performance reports must be at least twelve pages in length.

so obviously though do you think they're going to do anything in the play-offs to make it to the Super Bowl this year or who do you who do you like to do that this year
They're capable of doing what it takes to make it to the Super Bowl.

But people of all ages will invariably go out of their way to help a foreigner.
Approaching foreigners is often a dangerous activity.

Throughout the 19th century, the United States, keenly interested in the island's strategic significance and its sugar market, had become increasingly involved in Cuban affairs.
United States has been involved in Cuban affairs throughout the 19th century to help each others economy.

The spacious beaches here have long been patronized by the Spanish.
Both Spaniards and Germans like to visit the beaches.

Because an electronically linked worldwide medical community needs a common language, new terminology has been adopted by the International Federation of Associations of Anatomists to describe human body parts.
The worldwide medical community has decided to adopt a new terminology for anatomy, which will lead them to better researchs.

Rampant use of performance-enhancing drugs tarnishes the games, kills athletes, and encourages drug use among children.
The recent and widespread use of drugs that enhance performance has ruined sports.

To make the most of results-oriented management, staff at all levels of the organization must be skilled in strategic planning, performance measurement, and the use of performance information in decisionmaking.
To make the most of their management, staff needs to be good at strategic planning for their department.

uh one month extra every year and it'll if have you a thirty year note it will take like seven or plus years off of your note
It is difficult to pay this extra.

And he said, Arise, Jacob, and put aside politics for a few months.
Jacob had become so involved in politics that he neglected school, work, and his diet in favor of reading news.

Overlooking the street is the Hawa Mahal, literally the Wind Palace, but actually a rather grand, five-storied royal box, in which the ladies could sit and watch festive processions.
Traditionally, ladies would throw flowers down from the Hawa Mahal to people below.

Tutankhamun died in mysterious circumstances without an heir.
Tut died mysteriously with lots of wounds.

All other spending as well as federal revenue are assumed to grow at essentially the same rate as the economy.
Spending is essential to the economy 

"Yeah, always supposin' that," Nye agreed.
The idea was a bit of a stretch.

Less time is spent at sites.
Time is spent less at sites because they are poorly constructed.

yeah yeah i like Moody Blues i i like mostly the older groups i think
I like Moody Blues and a lot of the other older groups when I am working late at night.

Technical Change in the Aggregate Production Function, Review of Economics and Statistics   
Reviewing statistic and economics does not cause any change in aggregate production function. 

Yeah, I landed outta that saddle on some mighty hard ground.
I bruised myself when I fell off a horse. 

HCFA solicited and evaluated comments on its modification to the reporting requirement.
HCFA solicited and evaluated comments which were highly controversial.

well i wondered if i was going to get to talk to a male or a female on this topic
The political debate was challenging because she was well informed.

oh okay uh-huh yeah okay okay you too take care bye bye
Ok, good talks, bye.

um-hum they slipped that in on us when we're not looking
We'll have to pay closer attention.

yeah hm hm that's awful  yeah we still get some in Raleigh i mean not not too often real bad ones but
They do come to Raleigh, but not too many. 

in terms of subways and just just the general transition and i mean it i didn't you know i really you have to be interested in the subject too i think that was part of my problem
I lacked interest because I had already decided I would not pursue the subject further.

Large areas of the site have been excavated and the archaeological museum houses a comprehensive collection of finds from the site.
The archaeological museum is home to hundreds of ancient artifacts.

But these are impressive in themselves and Cluny's excellent young guides (English-speaking in summer) help us conceive the rest.
In the winter, all of the guides speak Spanish.

i've got several crepe myrtles that look just awful and uh there are buds coming out all over the place now
The falling buds are a sign that the plants are dying.

Yes, I said eagerly. 
I agreed with his proposition enthusiastically. 

He looked up, said briskly, "Well, where are we? I wonder if we are not on a fool's errand after all."  
He wasn't sure if this wasn't just some foolishness.

He did not talk of his sword or his skills.
He didn't want his enemies to know how good he was. 

Their $4,000 IRA contributions are fully deductible.
IRA wanted a deductible 

We obtained information primarily through interviews with senior security managers and document analysis conducted during and after visits to the organizations we studied.
The information related to the number of birds nesting on the roof of the building.

6 billion for carbon
There are billions of dollars spent on carbon trading markets.

GAGAS require additional field work standards for attestation engagements in the following 
The additional field work will require about 40 hours to be spent on such.

San Isidro has a massive dome, a single nave and, among many relics, the revered remains of the city's patron saint, San Isidro Labrador.
San Isidro Labrador is also the patron saint of rose bushes and dogs.

Elda itself is noted for excellent wine and lace-making.
Elda has excellent wine and tourists flock to the town for it.

How much better, then--so much cleaner and more satisfying--is the Republican solution.
Because of all the hard work of their members, the Republican solution is so much better and cleaner.

so you're still able to walk yeah well is there anything else about exercise we can talk about
Despite previous events, you still have the ability to walk.

For Johor, astute, tough-minded Sultan Abu Bakar avoided protectorate status by going to London to negotiate a straight alliance, getting a Consul rather than a Resident.
Sultan Abu Bakar was held in great respect by London.

Graciously counseled a political rival in time of need.
Family is more important than politics is.

He smuggled it back to Germany, but it vanished during World War II, only to make a dramatic reappearance in Moscow in 1993.
Nobody knows how it ended up in Russia or who had it for all those years.

In the mystical pillared interior is Andrea Orcagna's elaborate 14th-century Gothic tabernacle with a miracle-working icon-like Madonna painted by Bernardo Daddi.
Andrea Orcagna spent two years working on the tabernacle.

Another important ceremony took place in 1999 when Macau became part of China.
The ceremony featured a 3-hour speech by China's president.

every once in a while i i like to go on the nights when there's not anybody out there not very many people out there it's a lot more fun when you're not fighting a crowd
When it is crowded I cannot enjoy it fully and would rather just not go.

Stewart Ralphs, the executive director of the Legal Aid Society, explained that the Community Legal Center Campaign still has a long ways to go, with a bit more than half of the $4 million projected cost received so far.
Steward Ralphs has been the executive director for fifteen years.

The intervention led to a small change in bike helmet use and a slightly larger change in seat belt use, but it did not lead to changes in alcohol variables or weapon carrying.
The intervention helped saved a lot of different lives. 

Among the most sought-after stars are those of Marilyn Monroe (in front of McDonald's at 6774 Hollywood Boulevard), Charlie Chaplin (at 6751), and John Wayne (1541 Vine).
There are multiple stars in the city, of various artist and personal figures.

A friend persuaded him to see a coffee farm in Costa Rica, mostly as a fun trip.
The farm also grew corn, beans, and potatoes.

In short, the place made Bosch look like a Methodist picnic.
Bosch loved picnics by the lake of summer afternoons.

but i tell you what if you get to watch some of these now i don't know how it will be this year you know but i mean these games go right down to the wire
About 50% of the games get really close at the end.

Traditionally, federal agencies have used the amount of money directed toward their programs, or the level of staff deployed, or even the number of tasks completed as some of the measures of their performance.
The programs that have been initiated by the Federal agents often cost a significant amount of money.

In the center of the island is the village of Pirgos, with the remains of a Venetian fortress at its heart.
The Venetian fortress was destroyed during a volcanic eruption. 

not completely no he he still has a problem with it and he goes in stages
One of the stages is recovery

The lawyers provide expert legal service for indigent people who need help with divorces, custody battles, and other family law matters.
Indigent people were provided legal service by the lawyers, because the lawyers are professional. 

To be commended.
The medal was given out to commend him. 

And, if it hadn't been for Mr. Poirot here, arrested you would have been, as sure as eggs is eggs!"
I don't agree with him, but I think he does have ideas that need more investigation.

Eligible Clients unable to attain needed legal assistance
Unable to obtain much needed legal service despite being eligible.

How do we hold the globe in the center of everything?"  Bork shrugged.
Bork was curious on how the globe would be mounted

The small man shifted back and avoided the swing easily.
The small man dodged the sword swing by shifting back.

are your family
Your cousins are your family

yeah i lived in Colorado for a while and people kept saying the same thing to me oh it must have been great
I lived in Colorado for about 20 years.

He will have evidence to give at the inquest. We went slowly upstairs again. 
The inquest was coming up in a few days.

The schools aren't giving away the money
The money is provided by federal funding.

Denny Crum uh uh Louisville University
Denny Crum, Louisville University or MIT.

A collection of stuffed birds and preserved butterflies sits alongside rock samples and Stone Age axes.
The birds were stuffed to be preserved for a scientific manner.

Sunset Boulevard's Sunset Plaza is another stretch of hip upmarket boutiques.
The shops along  Sunset Boulevard's Sunset Plaza are expensive. 

uh-huh uh-huh huh oh uh-huh uh-huh so that sounds great well uh we also have five children
We also have five children.

It became fashionable in the 17th century and wealthy Parisians built luxurious private homes (h??tels) here.
Parisians built homes in East Paris in the 17th Century.

Who is he really? 
Who is his actual identity, besides the one he showed us last night? 

Her father is appealing to the country's supreme court.
The supreme court will take her father's case.

uh okay okay it does sound like you have some children to take care of uh okay bye-bye
It sounds like you have some kids that need attention and it's hurting my ears.

quarter Promenade yeah
Yes, we're going to the Promenade.

Dumb luck helps.
Dumb luck will always help you.

There was one second there around midnight when all the signs were at their absolute maximum favorableness.
We had a moment of perfect clarity. 

However, they went away again.
They left again Sunday. 

Adrin and San'doro arrived.
Adrin and San'doro are companions.

She retraced her steps to the entrance hall of the mansions.
She walked back to the entrance hall and sat down.

Still, the library is beginning to seem less of an albatross.
The library is making him feel less sad because it reminded him of happy memories.

That is due, in large part, to the personality of Steve Case, who is indeed a smart and clever guy and someone I would not often bet against.
Steve Case never fails.

This is the third time I have participated in a Graphics Communications Association conference.
Since the age of 13, I have been to 3 different Graphics Communications Association meetings. 

Enjoy this year's mesclun salads.
The salads are made to perfection.

I could not help rejoicing that, for once, one of his "little ideas" had come to naught. 
The idea was to raise the vampire lords.

Manufactured in Mons (now in Belgium), the gun was state-of-the-art for the times, firing cannonballs weighing up to 150-kg (331-lbs).
The gun was produced in 1495.

And--this is Ellis' biggest break in the 20/20 segment--Diaz doesn't quote Ellis' astonishing admission that until about a year ago the fellow who was like a brother to me, convicted with Ellis in his methamphetamine bust, was a partner in Metabolife.
Diaz and Ellis were arrested for making methamphetamine.

At once I realized that I was in a very awkward predicament. 
I realized that my situation was pretty awkward, but I kept going.

Newsgroupies were questioning the authenticity of Hilfiger's official response soon after it appeared on the Net.
Newsgroupies were asked about Hilfiger's response to the scandal.

which your income would be a lot better now
Your job is better so your income should be higher.

The lag reflects the fact that the rate of return on U.S. assets abroad consistently exceeded the return on foreign-owned assets in the United States.
The us has as lot of foreign debt 

To this the Spanish added several types of guitars, with the ten-stringed cuatro being the most famous it is the national instrument of Puerto Rico.
Other guitars are also played in Puerto Rico.

That stress tried to fight to be noticed by hanging itself on the stone wall to the left of the torture table, but soon disappeared without a trace.
That stress leered and smiled from a position near the torture table obviously trying to get some attention, but soon got bored and left.

The first Westerner to reach Hawaii was Captain James Cook, the British commander whose mission was to dis?­cover the mythic Northwest Passage linking the Atlantic and Pacific oceans.
Cook was the first Westerner to go to Hawaii and he stayed there for a year.

A hint of hulk is apparently not unwelcome in the modern woman's image, and a slightly humped back, spinal curve, and forward-thrusting neck go well with that.
The paradigm of the woman's image has shifted after the feminist movement gained weight.

Salmon and kippers.
The salmon is smoked to be delicious.

and uh course there too you never know what the weather's going to be when you start getting over to
It might rain, it might clear up, it might snow.

The delightful Piazza Bellini includes the 12th-century church of San Cataldo with its three little red domes and Arabic inscriptions.
The Arabic inscriptions tell the story of Mohammed.

As opposed to very, very, very bad.
There was no good choice.

His skin was dark and as rough as leather.
His skin was dark and rough because he had spent 40 days in the desert. 

yeah yeah usually yeah i'm i'm kind of sorry that we haven't had a real good hard a long hard freeze we've had a you know we've had a freeze but just maybe one or two days
The freeze also caused snowing.

The official Clinton spin, from attorney Bob  silence.
Clinton remained quiet on the issue, thinking it would do less damage.

 But clearly, at least in hindsight, you got something wrong.
There were two opinions on the matter.

And each year at festival time, Edinburgh willingly gives its streets over to stilt walkers, automatons, satirists, and barbershop quartets along with 500,000 visitors belying its reputation for being sober and staid.
With all the people and activity, Edinburgh is quite chaotic around festival time. 

The primary factor that distinguishes fraud from error is whether the underlying action that results in the misstatement in the financial statements is intentional or unintentional.
It is often hard to distinguish fraud from innocent errors.

Jon heard the man's kneel crack as he fell.
The man fell very hard and broke his leg. 

i'm like what is he doing what's Matt doing out there  called her up and said hey what's your boyfriend doing out in TV
i wondered whether Matt had started a new career out there

Consequently, the motivational mechanism is not clear.
The motivational mechanism is extremely crucial to our work.

The ground rumbled around him and trails of dust fell.
The stampede of cattle was surely close now. 

Leaving Azincourt, continue north to Fruges.
Fruges is 30 miles north of Azincourt.

They especially take him to task for blaming Plath's suicide on fate and astrology.
They criticized him for blaming Plath's suicide on what was meant to be, as it was clearly her depression.

Addiction is a disease, not a moral failing.
Addiction is a major problem for the youth.

And, a recent meta-analysis has shown little effect of age on the relative risk from PM exposure (Stieb et al.
Age has little effect on the risk from PM exposure, surprisingly.

They have committed an unforgivable act, but so have I.
We have committed unforgivable acts of violence.

City carriers drive an estimated 15 miles per day.
15 miles per day can be roughly a full day of work at the speeds the city carriers tend to drive (5-10 mph)

The Report and Order also requires that, as of November 1998, importers and manufacturers include volume control in all new phones for use in the United States.
The use of volume control is to protect the hearing of consumers.

Sportscaster Marv Albert denied charges that he had assaulted and sodomized a female acquaintance.
There is evidence that Marv Albert assaulted a female acquaintance.

If the purpose is to report what is happening in a descriptive sense only, short site visits together with administrative records may provide adequate bases for findings.
Worker and customer interviews should be included in site visits.

By using the Web in this way, a campaign can convert mass support into grass roots support.
A campaign can benefit from grass roots support early in a campaign.

… By inducing the girl to come to me of her own accord, I have succeeded in disarming her.
The girl had been carrying a gun.

well i guess that's all i to say you too
We should try to talk about new things and not let our relationship stagnate.

Some separations of the CEO and chairman functions are successful and others are not.
The CEO and chairman have the same birthday. 

The most relevant information about heritage assets is their existence and condition.
Their most important information is stored in a secret place.

Consequently, GAO monitors agencies' progress in implementing these recommendations.
Agencies appreciate the monitoring done by GAO.

Otherwise,the Las Vegas Sporting House a membership sporting club, makes its courts available to nonmembers as well, and several additional courts can be found in Lorenzi Park.
Most professionals prefer to use the courts belonging to the Las Vegas Sporting House.

you're just always used to men i mean that's just something that men always did
It will take time to get used to women doing it too.

yeah well gee well that sounds neat and you do that like like almost every day or what about weekends
I wonder what you do during your time off.

They pulled out fast in '61, right after th' army left.
They pulled out one week after the army left.

MLS's major obstacles, however, are its ambivalence about itself and America's ambivalence about soccer.
MLS is frustrated it is not getting through to America.

It is because he did not enjoy his life in Washington.
He hated being in politics after all.

yeah it's animated and i can't believe how good they're getting with their animation now it's just just the special effects you know and in this movie this there's this boy and he rescues this uh bald eagle and uh and it's a huge eagle you know wing span of twenty feet or something like that and the boy actually rides on his back and he rides through the clouds you know and you see him coming out of the clouds his head coming out and then the bird coming out and it you know they're flying all over with it and i mean i know there they there must have used been computers or something for animation this day but it was just so real realistic and lifelike and good animation what a good show
This movie is somewhat better with its animation.

But government was in the hands of the late king's cultured, libertine, and atheist brother, Philippe d'Orl??ans.
The atheist brother was happy to be in charge of the government.

Growing economic decline brought record corporate bankruptcies and the end of lifetime employment, as companies were forced to improve efficiency in order to survive.
Workers were unhappy with what had occurred and struggled to find new jobs.

Not beautiful enough! 
Not colorful enough. 

and see if i can't get that eighteen i want a full set you know
I don't want anything that is less than a full set.

Tuppence's pertness delighted the old misogynist.
Tuppence was not happy with how the old misogynist looked at him.

After two years of data collection, or a minimum of 20 data points, the control chart should be maintained using only the 20 most recent data points.
The control chart should be maintained using two years of data collection and the 20 most recent data points.

It was at this juncture that Tommy lost his head.
Tommy's head went missing after returning from the asylum.

so i understand that that locomotive is worth around seven hundred and fifty dollars now
That Johnson Model 593 is worth over 700 dollars, so far as I know.

I'm calling us to renew our faith in each other.
Have faith in my ability to do this.

The Thernstroms prescribe little to end the harms wrought by past injustices, or even to fight latent racism--except stopping affirmative action and kindred policies.
The Thernstroms are racists, though they do not admit it.

Thirteen administrative parishes were created, forming the basis of government that we still see today.
Today, Jamaica has thirteen administrative parishes.

Can you suggest a metaphor for rationalizing my past?
Do you have an analogy for rationalizing my past?

get you a little name plaque
Get you a status symbol

Does this imbecile of a man want to be arrested? Inglethorp was indeed creating a bad impression. 
Inglethorp was deliberately choosing to create a poor impression. 

You see, I figured it out that Amos Finn would never make good.
Finn would try to find a way to make good.

She's inside and hidden, and there's nothing more to see.
She's hiding from the terror she feels outside.

that's close to uh South Padre oh Corpus okay
That's closer than I thought it might be.

One, two, three, four, five, but where, then, is the cup of Mr. Inglethorp?"
Mr. Inglethorp had taken his cup with him.

and uh i sometimes i may not be conscious of keeping count but uh you know every now and then when i do check up and say where is my count i check it relative to the clock and and i also wind up coming out even  even side of the pool
It's hard to keep count whilst swimming in the pool

San'doro started a morning fire.
San'doro started a fire to cook them breakfast.

I believe she has been poisoned! 
Someone in this room poisoned her. 

But nobody answered the summons.
The summons were sent to certain important people.

Benjamin Franklin was in the room with us.
We were in the dining room with Ben Franklin. 

I knew that the reporter was baiting me.
The reporter was trying to get me to say what he wanted about the convict.

This popularity is also a source of considerable concern to many residents of the Lake District.
The Lake District is a community undergoing growing pains.

Dr. Hall, I am very anxious to find a certain young lady for the purpose of obtaining a statement from her.
He told Dr. Hall that he needed to get a statement from a specific young lady.

The presentation of these items is hushed and museumlike, with just dash of whimsy.
The presentation of these items is museumlike, yet fun.

oh yeah all that hoe down stuff yeah all that stuff that's bad for you
The hoes needed to respect themselves more.

On the other hand, others might.
These people are bold and willing to do what it takes.

well June is medium sized but she is scared to death of thunder storms
She cowers under the bed whenever there's a thunderstorm.

This would have been a good story for ABC News, if ABC hadn't been so busy being part of the problem.
If ABC news had not incited the terrorist, there would have been no story.

major things it won't cover cosmetic type things you know if you choose to do something but um it's just like all in it's just all in practice it's all in plan i think that we could learn from that
I read in the fine print that it won't cover superficial things.

He tacked inspirational quotes to players' doors, emphasized what each player did right, and provided an imaging tape for each player, consisting of her best moves set to her favorite music.
He was a pivotal part in the growth of his players.

oh i see i'm a former uh a former TI'er i just recently quit and so uh i got myself involved in a sales job and right now uh my list of books to be read have to do with uh the art of selling so
My art of selling books were given to me by my boss. 

oh yeah yeah i was in there trying to do some studying this afternoon and laying down on the sofa and she gets up on my chest where i can't see the book and then if i am in here on the computer she has to get up on the desk
She will get in your way while you try to eat or move around the house.

The movement, primly called the consortium, started four years ago by CUNY, Northeastern University, the University of Maryland and St. Mary's Law School in Texas.
The movement was started by students.

Until the early 1990s much of the coastline was undeveloped, but a rash of building projects creates an almost continuous ribbon all along the shoreline.
The buildings include residential condos and restaurants.

While Hanson looked down, the slave called to another, got a shoulder to lean on, and walked his way up the side of the block, pushed from below and helped by Hanson's hands above.
The slaves took Hansen and turned him in to the taskmaster.

yeah you guys sure want to be out of range
If it's not out of range it won't be successful. 

Apparently, VR provides the ultimate high.
Skydiving in VR is the ultimate high.

It is impossible to draw a bright line between ultimate fighting and boxing.
Ultimate fighting and boxing both require you to wear gloves.

Among the highlights are the Desert Garden, with a vast maze of mature cacti; the Japanese garden, with its ponds, fish, and drum bridge; and the much-praised Rose Garden, showing the history of the roseover 2,000 years.
The Japanese garden has a stone replica of Godzilla hidden somewhere under the water.

In the middle of the town is the Bagh Bhairav Temple, under the eaves of which are swords and shields from the 18th-century siege.
The Bhag Bhairav Temple was built in the 18th century.

Dating is a pain, and sex with strangers is iffy--not only because of HIV, but also I've been told that hepatitis C (spread in the same ways as HIV) will kill more people in 1999 than HIV.
Getting back into the dating game after a break up presents challenges, not the least of which is dealing with communicable diseases.

Ear-itation
Assaulting to the ears.

Art-house and international films are shown at the Irish Film Centre in Eustace Street.
There are many Irish films shown at the Irish Film Centre.

although i have i did try one year um out here in Dallas but i lived i used to live in San Antonio and i did try growing having a garden where i grew tomatoes and vegetables different vegetables and that was kind of fun
When I was in San Antonio I tried growing six or seven different types of vegetables. 

Even when Forrest Sawyer is sitting in, it's still World News Tonight With Peter Jennings . Just because Johnny goes on vacation, The Tonight Show Starring Johnny Carson doesn't suddenly become The Tonight Show With Jay Leno . The task of a guest host is delicate.
Johnny Carson went on vacation often thus giving Jay Leno something to do.  

It was begun around 355 b.c. at the behest of the king (the word mausoleum is derived from his name) and remained standing until at least the 12th century.
The king set aside most of his country's wealth for its construction.

This could lead to a spiral of rate increases and further volume losses.
Rate increases and further volume losses are a type of reinforcement loop, where an increase in one causes an increase in the other.

oh Jagged Edge Jagged Edge was a suspenseful one or uh Fatal Attraction
Jagged Edge and Fatal Attraction explored similar themes of betrayal and revenge.

My father was a corporate lawyer, and he hated it.
My dad said the job was boring and dumb.

well i did too about a month ago i had a a real severe cold but nothing that required you know um a doctor's visit or anything like that i was just able to take some aspirin and rest for a couple of days but it just seemed like it
I would've gone to the doctor's if a few days of rest and aspirin didn't help.

Hopefully, the appropriate parties will take steps to address these issues.
The issues must be resolved 

Rotating exhibitions on the African- American experience in the United States are offered at the Caleornia African-American Museum (600 State Drive), which has become a showcase for black history and culture.
A showcase for black history and culture is important in getting rid of racism in the United States.

His son Bill was a professor in the Princeton math department, and his granddaughter Julie was my best friend.
He was proud of his son Bill for working at Princeton University.

Building components are tested individually and then together with other components in order to measure and compare their performance against the original design criteria.
Building components are tested with components that are unrelated to one another.

the drug can use you
I think that some drugs eventually end up taking over the user, and causing them to do things they don't want to do.

But suppose we try the unorthodox.
We have to step outside of the box since traditional methods aren't working.

 Brown Thomas has a great linen department upstairs.
Brown Thomas holds a wonderful department for linen.

The Throne Room is one of a series of apartments built during the reign of Charles II, though it was originally designed as a guard room that screened entrants to the private chambers beyond.
The Throne Room has a series of apartments built in it that were for the guards to live in.

It describes the reasons for the proposed action and its objectives and legal basis.
The action is described to be intended for legal compliance.

yeah yeah that's the same well we'll go to a place and of course being in Texas we'll go to a place and the big thing is frozen margaritas margaritas and uh so we'll have some nachos and drink and they they serve these margaritas in
We go to places in Texas, but not for anything in particular.

The accounting firms do remove bad auditors, but this is accomplished without publicity so that their efforts are not well known.
Accounting firms identify good auditors and provide them with annual bonuses.  

now i'm sorry what is what is this again
I don't know what you are talking about and must ask again.

and uh that gets put in your permanent uh files on your record
They can never remove it from your record.

For a collection of early ' and attention-getting ' medical equipment, visit the Mus??e Flaubert (51 Rue de Lecat).
The Museum Flaubert has some strange and often frightening pieces of older medical equipment on display.

From Guadeloupe, try Les Saintes and Marie-Galante, which both have safe anchorages or sail further to Antigua.
Antigua can be a tricky place to anchor during hurricane season.

The London Guardian 's Joanna Coles says her presence is so obvious a gimmick to draw in those who don't normally bother to see the Bard that it's almost insulting.
Cole says she's just there to bring in apathetic people.

What about the nurse who accompanied her; I suppose you don't know where she is?" The doctor shook his head.
"The nurse with her - where is she?" The doctor feigned ignorance. 

He suspects and dislikes me.
He doesn't like the way I smell.

I felt like a moron for not being able to figure this out myself.
When the solution was revealed, I realized that with extra time, I could have found the answer.

A staircase zigzags its way to the Temple of Kali (wife of Shiva), built for the Hindu mother-goddess.
The stairs end at the top of the temple.

Milliken's direct lobbying efforts have been relatively  Buchanan never got anywhere near the presidency, and both NAFTA and GATT passed Congress.
Milliken lobbied a democrat in the previous elections.

This sends a powerful message to potential new recruits that the position is important enough to the organization that it warrants senior executive attention.
It is a highly coveted positions and the new recruits are jealous of the one that wins it. 

In contrast, Mayor Bloomberg's budget plan called for a modest 3.8 percent in the Corporation Counsel's budget, leaving the office relatively untouched in comparison to most other mayoral agencies.
Mayor Bloomberg's Budget plan was thought up in a week.

After a stroll through the woods, you reach a platform that seems suspended in mid-air, with stupendous views acrosesteep hillsides and dramatic ravines to the distinctive peaks of Ruivo and Arieiro.
It is best that you take a guide when strolling through these woods.

The royal family worshipped upstairs, looking down onto the courtiers in the nave.
The royal family stayed in different buildings that the courtiers, to differentiate them.

And that's the inevitable next target for pro-life advocates.
Pro-life advocates have selected their next target for attack. 

well it's been very nice talking with you
Talking with you was fun.

Those under the caption space exploration are valued using the specific identification method, that is, the specific cost of each unit of PP&amp;E is attributed to that unit.
Space exploration can cause many deaths.

I paused.
I paused before I crossed the street.

Legal Services Corp. spokesman Eric Kleiman contended that Atlas and his board have had ample opportunity to make their case to us.
Atlas was going to be okay with the Legal Service Corp taking their case.

As the man reeled, Jon slid his rapier across his throat.
Jon yelled as he slit the man's throat.

you ought to do your job
You should do what you are paid to do rather than stand around and talk.

These alternatives were rejected because the burden of compliance was not that great for small entities or because of the need for investor protection.
These alternatives were rejected by small entities but accepted by some larger ones.

The principal settlements are Yung Shue Wan on Lamma's northwest, and Sok Kwu Wan, on the east coast.
Both settlements have economies based largely on the fishing industry.

Permit me. 
There is the power to permit me. 

uh-huh but yes we're into baseball and it seems like soon as that over with we get into basketball we even have peewee basketball here so there's always something
Our children are part of the city's baseball and basketball teams.

I have never given it a second thought, but recently people seem to be noticing my sneezing and commenting on it, some suggesting I see a doctor.
My sneezing has been severe and chronic for many years.

Thus, labor costs do not need to be adjusted.
It's not a good idea to adjust labor costs without proper reasons.

'Yes...' And so do you.
You like to eat there as well. 

so oh that's great that you have them are they oaks that around there
I wish to have them as well, it is great that you do.

um-hum is it is it hard to keep track of it or does it work out pretty well
Is it complicated?

Evans named them the Minoans after their most famous king Minos.
King Minos was the most famous king in Minoan history.

You must apply for a licence yourself, and a medical certificate is also required.
The medical certificate must be issued by a doctor.

The Hong Kong Museum of Art  stands behind the Space Museum next to the cultural center.
The cultural center is actually closer to the Space Museum than to the Museum of Art.

But Ala-ud-din's successors did not assert control of the territory.
The successors were terrible rulers, theory didn't use their power. 

yeah yes ma'am
That is the correct price for the painting.

They're just talking,
It'll probably escalate to more once they're done discussing it.

Willey claims Landow used her two-day stay at the estate to badger her into saying nothing happened with Clinton.
Willey says Landow badgered her into saying Clinton was innocent, but she truly believed otherwise.

uh parish or however the state was divided up hum i may well i don't know around here we have a number of community projects that folks just volunteer for Boy Scout troops or church groups or civic clubs will uh police a uh a couple of miles of the highway and keep and i i've seen it in other states too i don't know
The Girl Scouts are a very active local group in highway maintenance.

Thus the Ku Klux Klan wore the vestments of the Catholics they despised, and the John Birch Society organized itself in secret cells and front groups modeled on the Communist foe.
They despised Catholics, but despite that, they wore their vestments, beacuse it served as a cover.

The Capitoline Museums, in the twin palaces of the Campidoglio , have extensive collections of sculpture excavated from ancient Rome, particularly in the Palazzo Nuovo.
The Capitoline Museums also contains ancient Greek sculptures.

Now it's time for him to start acting like one.
His behavior is very inappropriate.

Perhaps he'll live in an upstairs apartment and huff around town in jogging shorts as he did when he was governor.
He was impeached as governor. 

I've got it now! 
It will be mine soon.

Business routes (consisting of at least 70 percent business deliveries), which account for less than one percent of all possible city deliveries,10 are five-day-per-week routes.
Mixed zoning means fewer business routes and slower delivery times.

At two-and-a-quarter hours, the picture is too long, and not exactly winged.
The film got boring after an hour.

yes i've seen them i know that uh Chi Chi's has margaritas in big glasses like that
They are delicious.

um a fair a fairly a fairly good amount uh more on the weekends uh i try to beat the traffic in the mornings when i workout in the mornings i try to come down to the Dallas Fitness Center
I get very angry when stuck in traffic.

Come back when you change your mind.'
Return to this place when you've decided not to do that.

Black commentators (e.g.
The commentators are from Africa.

Thus, there may be less fixed costs on these routes than indicated by the elasticities embedded in the cost model based on U.S. costs, which reflect very high coverage levels.
The US has high postal coverage areas.

Pour some rum into a dead man's mouth to cheer him up, otherwise he'll come back to haunt the house.
They pour rum for the dead people to prevent them from turning into ghosts.

beets yeah we've got some beets uh-huh
We bought some beets just the other day.

of course you have plenty of uh plenty of uh mountains in Virginia and then in northern and you know up in New Hampshire and Maine too we had uh one of the um
The mountains in Virginia are very inviting for campers.

Franklin did nothing for a while, apparently ignorant of my presence.
Franklin didn't know I was watching him.

The cost or value of stewardship land is often not determinable.
Stewardship land values tend to increase with time.

How these men had come into his life remained a mystery.
I didn't know why the men were so mad at him.

The authority of agencies to request waivers of administrative procedural requirements and controls is intended to provide federal managers with more flexibility to structure agency systems to better support program goals.
Representatives from agencies seeking waivers have to sign a few documents.

A study in the 1980s, in fact, found that four out of every five tender offers resulted in the target being absorbed by one firm or another.
In a study of 1990 it has been found out that a vast majority of tender offers resulted in the target being absorbed by one firm or another, but now the situation has changed. 

what would you like to see in one
What characteristics would you like one to have?

to develop an approach that the President can support.
The approach will be catered towards the president's interests.

On my second go-round I cut 200 pages, dipping below the laminated Page 1,000 I'd presented in 1996 to Katy Medina, my editor at Random House, as evidence of my progress.
My second attempt landed me in job probation.

The cliff road ends at the Victorian-era Old Lighthouse, which still protects ships passing this rocky promontory.
The Old Lighthouse was built for the royalty to live in.

yes that uh he just thought i had been without a dog uh for three years that was long enough
I miss having a dog and I wanted a new one.

yeah i don't either it's not until you have kids i guess you worry about those things
You'll never understand it unless you have kids.

The fiscal year 1997 budget shrinks the IRS appropriation by $342 million.
The budget cuts by the IRS in 1997 saved $342 million that was put towards infrastructure.

and he didn't redo anything so it's it's coming back a little bit now this year
He didn't change the garden at all.

The center has applied for several grants since the first fellowship was awarded to Samples in August 2001.
The center was awarded all the grants that they applied for.

The Old Citesouqs offer all manner of Oriental wares (as well as much of less interest), whereas in the New Cite Yoel Salomon Street and Rivlin Street are good for arts and crafts, and Ben Yehuda and surrounding streets can supply most other items.
Rivlin Street tends to be the priciest of shopping avenues.

The tower dominates a quiet residential district that houses embassies and government buildings.
The tower houses some foreign embassies.

I wish I was that good, he whispered.
He spoke very quietly to his wife.

The FGD technology most commonly installed in the U.S. and worldwide is LSFO.
LSFO is the FGD technology most commonly installed in the U.S. said the article.

It's best to visit Paris in early summer and autumn, and the island church of Mont-Saint-Michel, on the Normandy coast, can be pure magic in the mists of December.
It's not worth visiting Paris in winter or spring.

One problem with online polling is that pollsters can't e-mail people at random.
This is the intended effect of anti-spam legislation.

The first recorded settlement was the trading post set up by Phocaean Greeks from Asia Minor at Massalia (Mar?­seilles) around 600 b.c. , followed by other ports at Hy?¨res, Antibes, and Nice.
The Phocaean Greeks settled in Massalia, the first permanent settlement in Greece.

 A couple of minutes later, cell phone reports say she has left the Watergate.
Cell phone reports showed she left the hotel at 1:34 pm.

I clung to the office with the true limpet touch for many long months, but, alas, I was combed out at last.
The office job paid well, which is why I had to stay.

Bill Didn't Inhale Clinton, Newt Gingrich, and Al Gore have all admitted to having tried drugs in their early days.
Every one of them has admitted to having tried drugs, since when they were young it was common.

Just as for people, saving for the national economy is the act of setting some of current income aside for the future instead of spending it for current consumption.
Normal people save their money far more than the national economy saves theirs.

Well, she's young. 
She is surely a baby who still relies on her mother.

If multi-use heritage assets are transferred and some cost was recognized for them on the books of the transferring entity, that cost is recognized as a transfer-out (a negative other financing source) of capitalized assets.
Transfer-out costs usually total in the thousands per asset.

Uh, like, wasn't that the problem in the first place?
They were quite sassy.

(The analogy is imperfect, because there's no fixed line of demarcation between fiction and nonfiction, only a broad gray field.)
The line skews more to the side of fiction than nonfiction in some peoples' eyes.

we'll get there
We might be a little late when we get there

Do you both understand? Drew nodded.
Do you both understand the consequences?

As a result of the painstaking centimeter-by-centimeter recovery of the fragmentary but still powerful traces of the real Leonardo, we can now see, for example, that Philip (third to the right) has an expression of acute grief rather than the simpering pathos left by restorers who presumed to improve on the original.
The restoration effort uses state-of-the-art technology such as thermal imaging.

Now that you've made your choices, you can read on to discover whether you're a rational creature.
Do not be surprised to learn that you made bad choices.

Reduced rates are available at many hotels through tour operators that specialize in Israel or through airlines as part of land-package arrangements.
Reduced rates are available through airlines and at many hotels through tour operators, but there is often a membership fee to access these rates.

but so i was in the Air Force
I was in the Air Force until last year

Of the 25 economies listed, 17 run trade deficits and 20 run current account deficits.
None of the economies are positive examples to follow.

Too black.
The barn interior was too black to see.

Spring and summer make better visits, when you can admire the irises and flowering shrubs of the inner gardens.
The warmer weather during the spring and summer is what causes the shrubs and irises to flower.

He added more kefir and home-made kefir flavor, but not too much, because his hands were shaking, then he still had to mix it and add a few E-numbers.
He added 500 grams of kefir and 100 grams of kefir flavor to the recipe.

maintenance of security, and the creation and maintenance of related records which provide evidence of execution of these activities as well as appropriate documentation.
Security maintenance will help execute the activities for CIOs.

The attorneys contended that the city has an obligation to pay the tenants for damages they have sustained by being evicted for property that will be used for a public purpose.
The attorneys said the city should pay $1000 for damages incurred during an eviction. 

To help accomplish this, PRA designated senior information resources manager positions in the major departments and agencies with responsibility for a wide range of functions including information resource planning, budgeting, organizing, controlling, training, and ensuring the absence of duplication in information systems.
Each information resources positions was required to report to the board of the PRA.

It might take them three months after the torrent flowed back to the west, but they would come.
There was a torrent of water.

We are alien to them and unwanted.
The people are hated by the group.

The cords that assembly line workers can pull to stop the line are now ubiquitous, as are Japanese quality control standards.
The Japanese quality control standards have improved this month and the stop cords are everywhere.

Knowledge about a product's design and producibility facilitates informed decisions about whether to significantly increase investments and reduces the risk of costly design changes later in the program.
Knowing about the product's design helps you make informed decisions about investing more than 25% your funds in it.

You could say to your surgeon friend what Ivana Trump  I'm very well rested, and I changed my makeup.
I slept a full eight hours last night and went for a swim in the gym this morning.

Wednesday's action bars Brown from transferring the money until the appeals court rules.
Wednesday's event prevents Brown from sending any money to offshore accounts.

Malibu is best known for its exclusive beachfront colonies, home to movie stars since the 1930s.
Malibu has 200 homes over $10 million.

Set against the solipsistic identity politics of the rest of the show, Kentridge's old-school agitprop is nearly refreshing.
Set against solipsistic identity politics of the show, Kentridge's demeanor is refreshing and charming.

I decided I could never be a prosecutor.
I decided to become an airplane pilot instead.

it really rang uh rang a lot of my uh my personal background i i have a a brother myself that's that's older and uh he's not you know nothing nothing of course serious is wrong with him but uh but we have gone through these these lapses of of a relationship somewhat sometimes
My older brother and I are on amiable terms at present.

Off the right transept, the recently restored San Brizio Chapel (a.k.a. Cappella Nuova) is famous for the 1447 frescoes covering the ceiling by Fra Angelico Christ in Glory and by Luca Signorelli (around 1500) on the walls.
The San Brizio Chapel contains many religious paintings.

He lowered his head.
He lowered his head in defeat.

As the introduction to the Loeb edition says, In February 45 [a year before he wrote De Senectute] the death of his adored and only daughter drove him into a frenzy of writing in an effort to forget his grief.
The writing was only effective for a while, as he ended up writing about his dead daughter.

OMB Circular 50 provides the policies and procedures for use by executive agencies when considering reports issued by GAO and Inspectors General, other executive branch audit organizations, and nonfederal auditors where follow-up is necessary; and OMB Circular A-123 addresses internal management control systems.
OMB Circular A-123 wrote negative remarks about control systems.

This is just reality.
The coma he is in is reality.

Today you can visit the ruins of the Byzantine-era Ein Gedi Synagogue, with its naive mosaic floor.
The ruins of the Ein Gedi Synagogue is the last place where you can see native mosaic floor.

By the time he stood, the man was well past.
He stood up to reet the man.

yeah yeah i started to say what what's the temperature up there now
Is it cold there right now?

um so there's not i mean doors don't have latches on them people don't tend to knock you just if there's a door closed you open it because it's in your way you people walk in and out and as a as a westerner in India i was often surprised and felt my sense of privacy there was quite invaded
I wasn't comfortable in India because the doors don't have latches. 

But the city's fortunes turned during the Warring States period (1467 1568), which was finally ended by the unifying warlords Nobunaga and Hideyoshi in the mid-16th century.
The warlords Hideyoshi and Nobunaga became friends after the Warring States period ended. 

We also can agree that older Oklahomans - like all citizens - have rights to control their health care until they become incapacitated or these rights are transferred to another by legal document or process. 
Older citizens have different health needs.

what do you all have aspen you all have mostly aspen or
Some of you have aspen and some of you have something else.

He drew forward a chair. 
The chair was made of wood. 

To give luck a chance and to gain an even greater fame, Przekosniak sent, posing as 'Admirer', SMSs to editors of major, highly influential papers, known politicians, people in culture, show-business, science, healthy living gurus, authorities on potted plants, teachers of the self-defense dance qualadora, as well as semi-virtual tango, an acquaintance who was also a philosopher, and a lady from a shop selling imported cheese sticks.
Przekosniak wanted to be very famous and sent texts to important people.

Opting, as a dubious second best, for eight years of British occupation in 1794, the island managed to retain slavery and avoid the revolutionary terror that Guadeloupe underwent.
There were eight years of British occupation in 1794 that ended with a bloody war.

For fifteen years, Las Vegas was used as a Spanish Trail way-station.
Many large cities like Las Vegas were once Spanish Trail way-stations.

When the torches appear to the south and they ride in, people may change their minds.
People may change their minds when the torches held by the opposing army appear to the south.

In 1950, Winston Churchill spent time on the island painting the fishing port, an interest that ensured its standing as an idyllic, old-world fishing village.
Winston Churchill was on the island for about six months.

There was more emotion in his voice than might be expected from a reanimate; in real life on his own world, he must have had an amazing potential for even that much to carry over.
He had never seen a reanimate with so much emotion.

He is a danger to the Range.
He is dangerous for the Range thanks to his negative attitude.

um-hum yeah i'm sure that that's uh it's not uh cheap either
I wanted to save money not spend it.

But I should have paid closer attention.
I was distracted by the television

This agreement, which gave the Serbs a great deal more than Vance-Owen would have, was puffed as a Nobel-worthy diplomatic accomplishment.
That agreement gave the Serbs a lot more to study than Vance-Owen would have.

As drafted, S. 556 would make some existing requirements unnecessary, but would not eliminate them.
The requirements are being changed to be more clear.

And it's possible (though statistically unlikely) that large numbers of Web surfers using search engines not measured by Direct Hit were flocking to the Gore site.
A lot of people on the Internet might not be measured by Direct Hit even though they're going to lots of sites.

Then Shuman claims that free software is less tested than commercial software.
Free software is claimed by Shuman as less tested than commercial software, but he is wrong.

Something is drawing them up from all over the planet."  Later, half a square mile of the shell cracked off.
Once the shell completely cracks, they will keep coming to end mankind.

Good luck.'
I'm sincerely rooting for you. 

Dots of torchlight burning green in the fog appeared in the distance.
There were forty torches in the distance.

really yeah kind of kind of having a a a buddy or somebody to kind of stir you on and and you know keep your motivation level up too i think sometimes might help so i was thinking maybe your husband would you know maybe the two of y'all i mean if he had come on let's go or you you know and y'all kind of did it together in a way that helps
I exercise with my wife all the time, so it's motivating us both.

From 1994 to 1995, single-piece fell by 1.0 percent and from 1995-1996 it fell by 1.5%.
Single-piece rose from 1996-1997.

yeah oh man Jim Bakker oh what a what a dangerous individual
Jim Bakker is a criminal and a man not to mess around with.

right well does your the company say for instance does the company you worked for before before have the right or do they have the ability to say hey we've already drug tested her and and she came up negative
Did your new company care that you came up negative at your last one? 

And all you can do is to murmur silly things about 'heart seizure' and 'inquest on Friday.' You ought to be ashamed of yourself, John Cavendish."
A heart seizure is always fatal.

I must confess, however, that I cannot help wishing we had not interrupted at the minute we did.
What they interrupted was something disturbing, changing their outlook.

To have GAO e-mail this list to you every afternoon, go to www.gao.govand select Subscribe to daily E-mail alert for newly released products under the GAO Reports heading.
There are a lot of ways the GAO can contact you.

In a curious bit of marketing, the offer of $10 off on Mother's Day flowers doesn't expire until July 31.
It is intentional marketing.

well unfortunately in our family my husband and i went through college together and then he went on and got his Master's degree while i was working
I did not find it necessary to get my own Master's degree.

It works--but not as well as intravenous hydration.
Intravenous hydration works because of water.

You see, we don't know what mood she'll wake up in." Sir James and Julius accompanied her to the door.
She was distraught upon hearing the news.

On the hill to the south of the square stands the Archaeological Museum, whose superb collection of antiquities includes statues of Poseidon and Demeter that once stood in the Agora of ancient Smyrna.
The Archaeological Museum also has many statues from ancient Athens.

The least thoughtful people always are.
The people only cared about themselves.

Together, the language, purpose, and legislative history of the applicable statutes, and the factual record before the Commission, suggest an interpretation of the statute that would authorize the following 
The Commission's findings over the past few weeks does now show any indication they would not authorize it.

It is a means to an end and you must clearly and consistently articulate the end that you envision.
When planning make sure to clearly articulate the end that you envision.

it it makes the uh it makes uh a whip topping out of milk if you get the milk cold enough it's uh i don't know they're called moogoo leaves or something they're
Only very cold milk can make whipped toppings.

Starr's goal--as Bruce Shapiro, in a perceptive anti-Starr Salon essay , recognizes--is most likely not to vindicate Willey but to unravel a presidential cover-up conspiracy.
Starr achieved his goal.

The more flamboyant are the Clan Houses, bulwarks of community solidarity.
Besides being bulwarks of community solidarity, the flamboyant Clan Houses are also symbols of a long and prosperous histoy.

This publication examined state planning in 18 states as models for building various components of a clientcentered, comprehensive, integrated state justice community.
The publication examined state planning in some states as being great examples for LSC stystems.

His voice 8 was rather deep and unctuous. 
He was not accustomed to speaking.  

yeah are you kidding oh man they do that really
I didn't believe they did that until now.

In that same year, it sold American Re, a reinsurer, to a German company for a profit of $1.
It sold a reinsurer to a company from German to avoid bankruptcy.

Hot Brass (La Villette) and The New Morning (rue des Petites-Ecuries) attract big American and European musicians, while Le Dunois (rue Dunois) is an intimate place, cultivating more avant-garde music.
The New Morning is a large venue, seating over 30 thousand people.

With a research facility and library dedicated to promoting Nubian traditions such as dance and music, it also displays finds rescued from several archaeological sites that were subsequently flooded by the waters of Lake Nasser in the 1970s.
The archaeologists near Lake Nasser lost most of their work when it flooded. 

Republicans have only returned a single check for $15,000.
Republicans are very frugal and as such return little money.

The French Revolution in 1789 sent ripples of discontent through the Caribbean.
The French Revolution caused little concern outside of the Caribbean.

Hugues' reign on Guadeloupe didn't last long, but it was bloodthirsty enough to be recalled vividly even today.
The reign on Guadeloupe caused people to die.

The two men scanned the tents and pointed at a man guiding a desert donkey.
The man had a big grey donkey.

That was our way of showing, to ourselves especially, that we were intimates of those eminent locations.
Those locations were some of our favorites and we plan to visit again soon.

[I]t seems to not make the slightest difference that his raw materials are cliches, and that his handling of the medium--of any medium--is inert.
His raw materials did not make a difference because he is an expert.

That is Annan's next test.
Annan will make the next test

The real British legacy is in the tea gardens, all Indian-run, which offer a beautiful green setting for the town and insight into tea growing and processing methods .
The Indians were the first to open tea gardens.

If the seduction works, and it usually does, you'll want to come back time and again.
When the seduction doesn't work, you'll still want to come back again!

Computer-administered or self-administered screens may address this issue by allowing patients to spend more time completing in-depth questioning with no additional staff time.
When given the choice, most patients still opt instead for additional staff time over computer-administered screens. 

Titian's Piete , a vibrant last work completed by pupil Palma il Giovane, was originally intended for his tomb in the Frari church ; Veronese's Feast in the House of Levi was meant to be the Last Supper, until the Holy Inquisition complained about its buffoons, drunkards, dwarfs, Germans, and similar vulgarities ; Tintoretto gives full play to his dark sense of drama in the Miracle of St. Mark.
Veronese's Feast in the House of Levi was commissioned by a wealthy aristocrat but, once complete, payment was never made.

I refuse to go."
I absolutely have no intention of leaving, you have to kill me first.

Around Grafton Street
Grafton Street is closed to cars.

The three programs have also agreed to allow and encourage staff members to move freely among the three programs in order to respond to clients needs most effectively.
The programs help staff members move money between the three budgets.

You speak like an educated girl? Glibly enough, Tuppence ran through her imaginary career on the lines suggested by Mr. Carter.
Tuppence spoke like an educated girl despite her lack of education.

During World War II, the US built an Air Force base here that later became the international airport.
The airport here was initially an American air base.

He saw the ambush the moment he and Jon locked their gazes at one another before the battle began.
The ambush was seen and prevented.

uh uh the reason i think the elections are are so low and i'm not sure what they mean by eligible voters are they talking about people that have registered or people that are are old enough to vote but haven't registered
The reason I think elections are so low is because people don't register because they're not sure how to.

It is at the heart of many a difference of opinion between the PRC and the Service, the Service and mailers, mailers and the PRC, and between groups of mailers.
More often than not, groups of mailers are in agreement more often than the Service and the mailers.

and uh it's a lot cheaper my parents my parents made a mistake in uh in sending my sister to a private institution for the first two years
We could have saved them so much money going to a public school.

does he have those as well
I hope he has therm all.

you mean the clocks
The clocks go back one hour tonight.

and but there is a grass that you can use that is shade tolerant but i don't remember what it is but it's got like a boot on the front of the book
People who have used that type of grass are happy with it.

We have an important witness, but she must be safeguarded.
Our witness is a man. 

The fertile basin edged by mountains and sea and blessed with year-round sunshine attracts all kinds with its ideal combination of urban and beach living.
Most people only come for the beach scene.

Internal auditors may be required to verify that the equipment or software pass the specified tests.
The software cannot be checked by external auditors.

that's true that's a good idea
We should give everyone popsicles.

You see, I've figured it out that those things of Tuppence's are a plant too, and she's no more drowned than I am.
Tuppence didn't drown because he is being hidden in a sack under the rug.

During the past few weeks, the Ways and Means Committee has been considering a $2.
The committee came to a unanimous decision today.

yeah i know those two i worked
I know all about those two, yeah.

The place was built in 1607 by Henri IV, whose equestrian statue can be seen on the nearby Pont-Neuf.
Henry IV ordered that the construction be completed in 6 years.

i think we should uh primarily for economic reasons i think we should have um some quotas of course my family and i again again that was you know my uh grandparents came over during the time when uh there were quotas so they had to wait uh you know in uh certain parts of Europe for years before they were permitted to come over
My grandparents stayed in France, waiting to come over.

The Project Arts Centre in East Essex Street has a lively program of dance, drama, and performance arts.
The Project Arts Centre was established quite recently. 

application illustrates findings established by other techniques, supplementing, for example, national findings on clean air from administrative records and other sources, with in-depth description on how funds have been used and with what results in selected cities.
National findings on clean air indicate rising sulfur levels.

Gigot argued that Starr's victories had a political echo or consequence in Congress, namely they make impeachment proceedings more likely.
Gigot was a politician and whistle blower.

However, participants generally agreed that there is no silver bullet for enhancing the effectiveness of boards of directors in their role of oversight of management and protecting shareholders.
Shareholders cannot be fairly protected.

They rode the high trail into the northern mountains.
They were riding horses.

The  1) They've agreed to give peace a chance.
They're fed up and now want to give peace a chance.

 He ripped up his plans and began a new set.
His plans were messy and he knew he had to begin a new set of solutions.

Both axes tore free from the assassin's hand and the Kal, with a cry of pure rage, crushed in the demon's head.
The Kal stood over the body of the demon triumphantly.

White flipped open the case; there was indeed a bomb inside.
White opened the red suitcase and deactivated the bomb. 

The choice of installing the SCR reactor near the ground level or elevated well above ground level depends upon which configuration is viewed as most cost effective while considering installation cost and operating cost.
Most people install SCR reactors near to ground level.

and we certainly uh we need more of that we need more parents willing to supervise though we've had such a breakdown in the family structure from the standpoint of of uh church and school and everything along the way
We have some parents already, but we need more to supervise. 

Since these costs are variable in the long run and we do not know how other postal administrations deal with them, we parameterize them for purposes of modeling.
They needed to communicate more openly with the postal admins.

wow how neat
How neat is that dilemma.

Hillary's rage that night was surely one of the most authentic sights ever shown on television, prompting the thought that, unlike the absurd Linda Tripp, both Clintons really are us, in our various phases--and incidentally that Hillary may be the only first lady in my lifetime (which goes back a bit) that one can even imagine being friends with.
Although it was unbecoming politically, Hillary's outrage made her seem relatable to a lot of women.

yeah uh but i well i'm still trying to get all the DMC colors
I have most of the DMC colors.

From the first settlement built by the original Parisii until the middle of the 19th century, the pocket-sized island lay at the heart of the city.
The small island has been an important part of the city for centuries.

or now that's not true of all of them there are
It's only occasionally true.

My mother, who is a charming woman in almost all other respects, appears to have a grave problem staying employed.
My mother has had a job continuously since she was 12.

Tripp protests that she made the tapes to protect herself because Lewinsky was pressuring her to lie in the Paula Jones case.
Tripp was, in fact, lying about the episode.

at least it shouldn't and and and and in a good family it isn't unfortunately there's so many families where there isn't a father in the home it's just yeah that's right yeah
A father is needed to make a good family

oh goodness yeah yeah exactly exactly
That's what I was going to say.

That was good, you know distinctly good.
you also know that it was better than last time. 

i see so you make it uh to that Longhorns Sooners game every year
Every year you make it to the Longhorns vs Sooners game by car. 

McGovern's big blip in the polls came earlier than Dole's post-convention gain.
McGovern was screwed once the big blip game. 

Clinton openly criticizes Al Gore's political skills and privately claims that he could do a better job campaigning than Gore has.
Clinton would beat Al Gore if she ran against him.

The cover story names ordinary Americans the People of the Century.
They valued the average person.

okay my views it asked for my views so my views on that are yes i do still consider them a threat
i see them as a threat because they are too powerful

The money helped him through the off-season.
The money help pay for his school through the off-season.

and so that we went i guess it was two weekends ago we went uh car shopping and looked around uh
we looked around for a while, but we didn't find any car that we really liked

i guess a lot of people think that the shows that i watch are kind of stupid and most of my friends and the people i know don't
A lot of people dislike the shows that I watch because these shows are boring.

Some other methods have a similar purpose.
Some other methods have a similar purpose with different execution.

I know he was with you and I know she was with him.
I know you were together in the battle.

It comes as quite a shock to watch a warrior performing his final gesture of ritual suicide and realize that it's only a puppet.
After the warrior puppet kills himself, the curtains fall immediately.

What then occasioned this sudden change of sentiment? 
This change in your sentiment is very surprising.

But even in good times - for lawyers, at least - there remain two seemingly immovable stumbling blocks for private attorneys willing to go to bat for poor people caught up in Civil Court 
The lawyers have to address cost restraints and pay out of pocket to help these poor clients.

The woman moved but the chain's blade cut a long gash in her cloak.
The woman jumped out of the way, but the blade still cut her cloak.

uh no i mean he sees it as a tool much as i do
I see it as a tool and it is my favorite. 

Where are they?  
Are they at the mall?

I saw Adrin fight.
I saw Adrin punching a man.

Enclosed is our assessment of HCFA's compliance with the procedural steps required by sections 801(a)(1)(B)(i) through (iv) of title 5 with respect to the rule.
Please respond within fifteen days of receiving this document. 

He cautioned that literature reviews generally do not include all relevant studies because studies with negative results are seldom published.
Each study that does not gain publication is directly due to having negative results.

Her breath gathered as she began each sentence.
She gathered her breath with every tragic sentence.

In fact, Congress banned hospitals from increasing resident hires this year.
Hospitals were banned from increasing resident hires this year by Congress but this will be lifted next year.

He sent two of his riders in first.
To scope it out, he sent two of his riders in first.

yeah it's not that bad right now i just hope it don't get any worse
I don't think I can manage if it aggravates any further.

and it's just got Happy Birthday printing on it and a cute little phrase inside and it's just a paper bag
The bag looks really cute.

Warm was completely used to such behavior and with his head raised high, as well as with certain effort, he left the office sideways, followed by his colleagues' jokes.
Warm's office was located on the second floor of the building. 

I put it to you that, anxious to prove an alibi, you conceived the idea of a fictitious and rather incredible appointment, and wrote this note yourself in order to bear out your statement!
Your idea was rather brilliant, but it had one loop-hole.

Look at my father going round and round it.
Look at my father running circles around the point.

You can opt for a delightful, leisurely walk or a lengthy hike over well-marked paths, and climbers will find a miniature mountain range of sheer rock faces and cliffs.
You can also bike through the mountains. 

"Lots of wild horses hereabouts then?" 
The wild horses flourish here because they breed like rabbits.  

Walcott twins Clare--who was driven mad by social injustice and consoled by the smallest beings in nature--with mad Tom, Edgar's disguise in King Lear , who, like Clare, wanders the English countryside praising frogs and  I am moved like you, mad Tom, by a line of ants;/ I behold their industry and they are giants.
Clare worke to change the social injustices in English society.

I am a devotee of Marshall's and frequently follow his advice.
Marshall is an important person to devote myself to.

And remember, Italians make no bones about public holidays ; they just close the whole country down.
There are more public holidays in Italy than there are in the United States.

i i i i ended up watching a lot of these things on you know repeats in the afternoons or something
I used to watch television when I got home from school.

By capsulizing the inanities that pass for political commentary, you expose the vapidity of the opinions and put these opinions in their proper perspective.
You show how vapid the opinions about fashion are.

But for its over one million residents and 30 million annual visitors, it is this very characteristic namely the city's uncanny ability to sense the next big thing, or failing that, to create one that makes Las Vegas the city of their dreams.
The state, in legalizing marijuana for adult use, has ensured its continued success.

The Post 's Michael Kelly goes cutesy today, dedicating his column to the regular broadcasts of what he calls National Tom Radio, the daily pronouncements of his 2 a year-old, in the process probably setting some kind of record for the number of occurrences of the word mommy in a Post op-ed piece.
He was not known for this type of writing.

The views expressed in this paper are those of the authors and do not necessarilyrepresent the opinions of CTT - Correios de Portugal, Poste Italiane or the Postal RateCommission.
The CTT editors when pressed would say that they simply don't agree with the views expressed by the authors.

This is not the first prolonged interruption of inspections.
This will not be the last interruption of inspections.

All the time the torero is assessing the bull, noting his temperament, how he charges, and how he uses his horns.
Toreros must have five years of training.

You're such young things, both of you.
You're both minors.

The argument is that the Senate should reject the case not because it's unproven but because it's politically motivated.
It's unproven, because the proof has been disposed of.

and it makes it grow much faster uh our season though in New England uh is is only three months or so and then it starts getting cold again in September
There is rain in September.

Tina and the Weinsteins all have highbrow pretensions but feel no shame in embracing pop culture.
Pop culture is something high brow people love. 

The most powerful families thus carved out for themselves whole regions that were to become the fiefdoms of Japanese feudalism.
The families were able to get away with whatever they wanted.

The quality of case studies can be variable.
The case studies have variable quality because of different researchers.

At least the acoustics are rated a success, and the new home of the National Opera is now an accepted part of the cultural life of Paris.
At least the National Opera has good enough acoustics.

The national archives are stored in an 18th-century mansion, Hetel de Soubise.
The 18th century mansion holds many things, including the archives.

Holy snakes! he ejaculated.
Holy snakes! That is unbelievable! he cried.

In 1984, the Polish secret police murdered Father Jerzy Popieluszko, an outspoken supporter of Solidarno ?.
Those involved in Father Popieluszko's murder were convicted.

One common and successful  church-run credit unions.
The church-run credit unions is common and successful, said the director.

well it's it started out as a hobby actually uh it just it developed into sort of a business uh you know we breed them and all that
We made a lot of money doing it as a hobby.

This point will occur before the debt held by the public is eliminated, and the resulting accumulation of cash will require decisions about what to do with these cash balances.
The point will occur before the loss of all life on Earth.

right offhand i tried to read uh one of the the Michener uh Lone Star or the the Texas History Book
From the very beginning I tried to read Michener Lone Star and the Texas History book, but I had to choose something that was an easier read. 

What they have been offered so far is a sort of junior membership, called Partnership for Peace . PFP provides for military cooperation, but no defense guarantee.
They accepted the junior PFP membership offer.

This isn't Sicily! 
We are in Greece.

Hall is unapologetic about his spying, but the lack of living witnesses makes prosecution impossible.
Eyewitness testimony is evidence held at the highest regard.

um-hum oh i think they're all overcrowded
There might be a few that are not overcrowded.

The book value loss (or gain) on a sale of direct loans equals the book value of the loans sold (prior to sale) minus the net proceeds of the sale.
The book value is different to the real value.

Yes, with dragons on them.
There were dragons on the pajamas.

 VIII  Lunch was half over when Slim dashed into the dining room.
Slim was very excited and had news to share.

Examination of the sample and evaluation of the results permits correction of errors and other deficiencies found in the items sampled and the procedures and controls directly related to the items.
Each sample is placed into a control group.

He turned to John. 
The sheriff turned to John and said "You have the right to remain silent". 

no no actually i was up on a ladder and uh fell off  leaned the wrong way
I was up on a ladder and fell off, didn't hurt though luckily.

Could Kennewick Man have come by a route similar to Ericson's, say via skin boats or over an ice mass connecting North America, Greenland, and Norway?
Kennewick Man came from a 4,000-mile route.

 Dave sat up again, examining himself, now that he had more room.
Now that he wasn't so cramped, Dave examined his body. 

As a result, the budget process tends to view a dollar spent on consumption the same as a dollar spent on investment because both represent commitments by the government and represent resources taken out of the private sector for use by the government.
The budget process views consumption and investment as the same for the federal budget.

Schor's right--it is depressing when people get into the grip of an all-engulfing need to establish their identity by buying stuff, especially if it's stuff they can't afford.
Schor also said that these behaviors are to be expected from people who feel empty inside.

and and  because television's brought everything into your living room
TV has opened up  a whole new world to you and your kids.

Aside from the stunning views, Santorini has much more to show its visitors.
Santorini has many good hostels to stay at with beautiful views.

right well some people i'm sure the the more talented people in that league are going to try to uh impress NFL scouts with their play in that league
It only makes sense to me that if someone good is in that league that they'll be trying hard to show off their talents so they can catch the NFL's eye.

And without full voting rights, there's nothing that investors--even institutional investors--can do if things go haywire.
Investors without full voting rights cannot affect institutional outcomes.

Just past the fearsome Guardian Kings on watch for intruding evil, is the Sai-in, the western compound.
The guardian kings are disciples of the gods. 

isn't isn't much there is there
There's nothing in there, inside my house.

uh-huh so you're taxed on the bonuses too right
Are you taxed on the Christmas bonus?

Like the rest of his most loyal supporters and his most intractable enemies (and she has been, uniquely, both), Dowd is part of the baby boom generation.
Dowd's growing up in the baby boomer generation affected her viewpoints. 

Profoundly shaken, he left his wife and small son and became a wandering beggar, searching for the meaning of existence.
Profoundly shaken, he left his wife and small son and became a wandering beggar, searching for the meaning of existence but he never found it.

The Temple Mount was identified in Islamic tradition as  the farthest spot  (in Arabic, el-aksa), the site to which the Prophet Muhammad was transported in one night from Mecca on a winged horse, as described in the 17th chapter of the Koran.
Many other significant things happened at the Temple Mount, but this was the most sacred event.

What have we got that others envy?
We don't have anything that makes anyone envious.

But he could see no change on the old Sather's face.
Sather was unaffected by the comments.

SALEM - It's a traumatic prospect for any domestic violence  having to do battle with her batterer in court.
To prevent these encounters, trials are now establishing separate audiences with the judge so that the parties do not have to interact.

oh goodness well well i've enjoyed talking to you
You are one of the best conversationalists that I know.  

wasn't that fabulous and and Driving Miss Daisy
Miss Daisy was driven by someone familiar she knows.

In 1884, a Victorian electorate shrugged off Grover Cleveland's confessed paternity of an out-of-wedlock son.
Grover Cleveland eventually adopted the child.

Despite the fact that Scotland was allowed to retain its own legal system, education system, and national Presbyterian Church, the move was opposed by the great majority of Scots.
Scots opposed the move because they were seeking full independence.

In a competitive environment, the Postal Service could easily retain universal service, but perhaps not a universal service standard.
Universal service standards include consistent delivery times across all offices.

yeah i like those i like mysteries i like murder mysteries too
I like reading mystery novels.

Well Anse was on the defensive "a man can take jus' so much pushin', an' we had more'n that!
Anse was being pushed to do things he didn't want to do.

For  State Experiences Provide Insights for Federal Management Reforms
These Insights are invaluable to anyone involved.

on tubes an i see
You go down on tubes apparently.

so that really made a big difference i think in why we chose TI and chose to move this way
We debated about it for a long time before deciding.

The entrance to the important Piazza del Santo south of the city center is guarded by Donatello's grand statue of Gattamelata, the 15th-century Venetian condottiere Erasmo da Narni, perfect ideal of a Renaissance hero, whose honeyed cat nickname still mystifies historians.
The Piazza del Santo hosts a farmer's market every week.

Drew went directly to the bar.
Drew ordered a whiskey at the bar. 

You may even see families sitting at the roadside, cooking the willow in cauldron-like vats and laboriously stripping off the bark.
The families are often seen on the side of the road.

Just a little way out of town is Tryall Estate.
The town is a good place to walk to.

The Rising is commemorated in the main hall by a beautiful bronze statue of the mythic folk hero Cuchulainn.
The main hall has a statue of a hero that the village all worshiped for his bravery.

Today you'll share your visit with hundreds of tourists, as the monastery is within easy reach of all the Sinai resorts, but not many venture up the slope to the top of Mount Sinai to visit the tiny chapel and take in the truly spectacular views of the surrounding mountains.
People are too lazy to climb to the top of Mount Sinai.

in Santa Barbara
There is a bar in Santa Barbara.

The superficial  The even split of many of his assets vindicates her argument and bodes well for corporate wives.
She had unfairly received a large chunk of his assets that she hadn't contributed to.

Whether this awareness is viewed as a hitting bottom phenomenon or in more traditional motivational terms, there does seem to be a connection between readiness to change and recognition that negative consequences can be directly linked to a behavior.
Readiness to change and recognition of positive consequences to a behavior may be connected. 

Unemployment benefits are reimbursed by the former employer entity
Employers resent paying for their fired workers. 

The Russian tapped his cheek.
The Russian had something on his cheek that bothered him.

But the author's exculpatory coup de grace is Tyson's claim that a psychiatric illness caused him to do things to Robin Givens (his former wife) that he would normally never do.
The author wrote the book very well.

Around 3100 b.c. the kingdoms of Upper and Lower Egypt were unified under King Menes  his crown was the first to depict the symbols of both kingdoms.
3100 b.c. was the first time all of Egypt was united under one ruler.

Lee Kemp, a hearing-impaired World War II disabled vet, also was evicted, but he contacted Utah Legal Services and was told to stay put.
Lee Kamp is a disabled vet on SSI.

i i wonder if that was really you know the real reason and then i know my daughter uh well she's twenty now but i got her a Voter Registration and gave it to her
My daughter always votes in electinos.

The bill for Home Rule finally became law just as World War I broke out, but with the proviso that it was not to be enacted until hostilities ended.
It was because of World War One that people supported the Home Rule bill.

someone could be sentenced to thirty five years and yet you know the the parole system uh it's going to let them out in in three years for good behavior
They will be released for good behaviors such as being a trustee or a snitch.

But I doubt this particular dishonesty will keep him out of heaven, since it is imposed on every politician--and even every clergyman with ambitions.
This dishonesty is over promising on policy reforms during an election.

The issue, rather, is the perennial  whether governance will be to the right or the left.
Perrenial whether governance may vary wildly. 

What did she do with it afterwards?
She threw it away afterwards.

Two features of the cumulative case study, shown in table 3.7, are the case survey method just described as a means of aggregating findings (Lucas, 1974; Yin and Heald, 1975; Yin et al.
The findings were groundbreaking in the field.

Moot Hall, a slate structure built in the early 19th century and used for Church of England services when the community had no church, sits in the center of town surrounded by the bustle of small shops and, on Saturdays, market stalls.
Moot Hall still has the original bare brick walls.

special rights for gays.
LGBT rights

Still stinging from federal grant cuts, Kentucky Legal Aid's director is hoping the General Assembly will help heal the wounds.
With cuts of 20%, it will be difficult for jobs to not be cut.

We don't see him surprise the nation in 1964 with strong showings in the Maryland and Wisconsin Democratic primaries--states outside the Deep South where he wasn't expected to fare well.
He didn't have much support outside of the Deep South.

Figure 1 illustrates the six fundamental principles described by the CIOs interviewed during the development of this guide.
One of the fundamental principles mentioned is proper time management.

 "How d'you know he'll sign me on?"Anse studied his own unkempt if now clean reflection in the shaving mirror on the wall.
Anse looked at himself in a cracked mirror. 

For now that's a windfall for all but a couple of states, since welfare caseloads have dropped by almost 10 percent nationally since 1995.
The economy getting back on its feet dropped the welfare caseload.

Researchers compared farm worker data from United Farm Workers with that from the California Cancer Registry.
Farm worker data was compared between two sources, and it was an interesting read.

Conservatively dressed businessmen escort impeccably coiffed women, while retired gentlemen in cardigans, jackets and ties play chess or petanca (a game resembling marbles, but played with heavy shot-puts) in the park.
Petanca is played by shooting the shot-puts over your shoulder as far as you can throw them.

Second, it would be informative to divide the IC mail exchange into LC and AO components.
It would be informative to split the IC mail exchange into two groups.

Franco-Piedmontese alliance takes Lombardy
Lombardy appoints others to the alliance.

Since their holding of invested balances and the sale of goods and services are both integral to the funds' operations, the interest on the funds' securities is related to the funds' cost of operations just as is the revenue earned from selling goods and services.
They will not be able to operate if they do not make sales.

In the first flush of dictatorship as First Consul, he established the Banque de France, created state-run lyc??es (high schools), and gave the country its first national set of laws, the Code Napol??on.
The creation of the schools led to a higher literacy rate for children.

This third purpose is important because audits done in accordance with GAGAS often are subject to review by other auditors and by oversight officials.
The other auditors can often be very strict in their reviews.

Federal mission property, plant, and equipment (PP and E) shall be reported as required supplementary stewardship information accompanying the financial statements of the Federal Government and the component units of the Federal Government responsible for such PP and E.
Federal mission PP and E reports are not regular.

Spain was backed by Portuguese aristocrats, eager to avoid war.
Spain was not prepared for war.

That's the only time when the money you pay for a stock goes right to the company, rather than to another trader.
The company will thrive the more that people buy their stock.

It is available electronically at NCPL's website.
It can be viewed on the website or downloaded to read later.

Industry folks fear they have given too much away.
Workers in the technology field fear they've given away too many secrets about their products.

e) Protected herself with immunity when she needed to, even though her testimony would do enormous harm to Clinton and the nation.
Clinton would certainly be ruined in politics after the testimony was given.

so and it was like they were they're Puerto Rican and were Americans
The whole group of guys were Puerto Ricans and Americans

Did you notice the postmark?"
Yes it was very visible from where I was standing.

Decrease Acquisition Risks
Reduce some acquisition risks.

What makes you think that?
The person thinks that because of their upbringing.

right yeah so that's real beneficial for the company and the employee
The company and the employee benefit equally in this case.

um-hum now where is this
Now where is this place you are talking about?

The page also features a condensed history of Beijing (disguised as a Beijing Tour), links to China's music, and a reader forum.
The page talks about Buddhism and Chinese culture.

To see the first and oldest pyramid you must make an hour's journey south of Cairo to Saqqara and, following this, on to the ancient capital of Lower Egypt Memphis.
The first and oldest pyramid is a popular tourist destination.

Really, Boris, you are absurdly suspicious.
Boris is lying to me. 

She later joined the New World Foundation, on whose senior staff was Adrian W. DeWind, who during the 1970s was a member of the Committee for Public Justice, founded by Lillian Hellman.
Adrian W. DeWind was the only senior staff for the New World Foundation.

The paintings include Jan Van Eyck's 14th-century miniatures for the Book of Hours of the Duc de Berry, Pontormo's St. Michael, and a particularly handsome Portrait of a Man by Sicilian master Antonello da Messina.
The list of paintings to be sold at the auction include Pontormo's St. Michael, Jan Van Eyck's 14th-century miniatures for the Book of Hours of the Duc de Berry and Portrait of a Man by Sicilian master Antonello da Messina.

Can you believe this?
I think you can believe it.

How did the team do last night?
Did the team win last night?

EPA held a public hearing on March 31, 1995, in Washington, DC, and received more than 283 written comments.
There was a public hearing held by the EPA in March of 1995 and many people had things to say about it.

They just chew you up and spit you out.
Their harsh manner makes it apparent that they are not sensitive to the feelings of others.

The top curve shows that if the Postal Service has 0 percent inefficiencies with its current wage premium, the measure of scale economies equal $6.
The postal service economic scale is confusing. 

The Episcopalians are all going to hell.
Episcopalians are evil people who deserve to go to hell. 

i kind of enjoy working out in the yard i i enjoy working out in the yard i mean in the summertime it's hard here because it gets so hot
I prefer doing cardio in the summertime, I can sweat more in the heat.

Kite-golf - a new exclusive type of golf, considered an extreme sport where a player hits the ball while hand-gliding.
The favorite sport of thrill-seekers today is kite-golf.

On a more sentimental note, Italy's Lake District at the foot of the Lombardy Alps its major lakes are Como, Garda and Maggiore is the perfect setting for mending broken hearts, breaking mended hearts, and all romantic conditions in between.
Private voyages may be made on the lake via local charters.

A mandrake swamp?"  "For a mandrake-man, yes.
He wants to know so he can eat them.

but uh i think the rest of the staff is uh a little weak
But I think they should replace the rest of the staff.

In the display that follows, items included under the caption weapons systems are valued at the most recent acquisition cost of a comparable item.
Comparable items include grenades and ak-47's.

it's just a real fancy decorated boot it's like Texas Gardening and it talks about you know different problems that your lawn can have and how to recognize it and it goes into the full gamut of gardening you know everything from flowers to bulbs to perennials to grass to weeds to trees and to uh how to prune but one of the things i do remember was when it talked about the grass and there being the shade tolerant types of grass and i think one of them was a blend of two types of grass that they had used
Texas Gardening is a great resource for someone just getting into gardening.

Much of the bamboo was allowed to decay or was torn up later in Jamaica's history, but Bamboo Avenue, the one remaining section, can be found on the main A2 road between Mandeville and Black River.
The bamboo industry was incredibly important to the development of Jamaica.

you know uh-huh uh-huh uh-huh uh-huh and you you recognized this and was able to you know do something about it
You acted quickly after you recognized this.

At last the door opened, and the German called imperiously to Conrad to return.
The German stuck out his head from the opened door, and hissed to Conrad to return.

All of these unfortunate circumstances resulted in Benedykt's addiction to drugs, alcohol and sex.
Benedykt wanted to change his bad habits.

Though Ferber hasn't put out the white flag, Brazelton is sounding less and less dismissive of parents who sleep with their kids.
Sleeping with your kids can lead to accidental smothering in your sleep.

In the 1970s, he was known as a tough-minded supporter who could be counted on for a meticulous review of how the endowments were spending their money.
He had a reputation as a tough supporter who knew how money was being spent.

Clients whose counsel withdrew would face the possibility of having their case dismissed if the client failed to respond to discovery or comply with procedural requirements.
It's in the best interest of clients to respond to discoveries and comply with procedural requirements.

Seventeenth-century tapestries depicting heroic scenes from the life of Alexander the Great adorn the walls.
Seventeenth century tapestries showed scenes from Alexander's life, ending with the battle where he was killed.

We then move on to the eastern Aegean islands of Samos, Chios, and Lesvos, which sit parallel to the Turkish mainland, and the northern Aegean islands of Samothrakia Limnos, and Thasos.
The islands of Samos, Chios and Lesvos are the next nearest islands to us.  

And we are not sure of that even."
We are sure of something else though.

I'm a registered and certified--"  She stopped then, blushing, and Bork chuckled.
She stopped talking because she was embarrassed.

Bandits and bounty hunters, thought Ca'daan.
Ca'daan expected the bounty hunters to catch the bandits.

okay well we're we're we're very strong uh women's women's basketball team fans
Women's basketball is a real sport!

yuck oh goodness what's a mess that was like oh boy they are so messy when they're little too
These puppies are so messy when they are little.

right yeah i think that has a lot of things to did with uh um
That's been like that for a while.

uh maybe not a boom but uh at least recover to where we can all hold regular forty hour jobs still
Many people have had irregular part-time jobs recently.

Sai-ko has the best trout fishing, and Shoji-ko is smallest, prettiest, and still relatively undeveloped.
Sai-ko is good for any type of fishing.

It can last long enough for us never to be able to hold up our heads again."
It can remain for years or even decades, and there's no way to get rid of it yourself. 

Castro was incarcerated on the Isle of Pines (now called the Isla de la Juventud) until May 1955, when Batista granted an amnesty to political prisoners.
Batista granted amnesty to political prisoners because he believed that it is time for them to be forgiven and freed.

t here's also a moral aspect to it a lot of people have not either mentally sat down and gone over the moral aspect can i take human life even in a life threatening situation to myself or to a loved one
I certainly think that it is.

Perhaps the most acute epitaph of the Cold War was written at its birth, by Soviet Foreign Minister Vyacheslav Molotov, who objected to U.S. demands for an open door for its industrialists throughout  We would probably live to see the day when in your own country, on switching on the radio, you would be hearing not so much your own language as one American gramophone record after [another] ...
Molotov's epitaph is the best writing from the Cold War.

oh we have had uh as i've said we've had variable weather uh
This kind of weather is very unusual for summer in Florida. 

Other people--employers, students, readers--may say that they need you.
Readers are the most that will contact you.

In the evening, a dramatic sound-and-light show is held under the stars in the courtyard .
A sound-and-light show takes place each night in the courtyard.

Those of greatest interest are Habana Vieja (Old Havana), Centro Habana (Central Havana), Vedado, and to a lesser extent Miramar.
Habana Veija means Old Havana and it is where many historical sites are.

An' Danny waded in jus' to keep that one"the boy pointed straight at Drew "offa Helms.
Drew attacked Danny after being restrained by him.

On one wall was a fanned display of old daggers and swords which dated a century or so back to the Spanish colonial days.
There were old daggers and swords on one wall because the homeowner was from Spain.

Extra fee to enter the tomb.
Entrance to the tomb is expensive.

The God of Small Things is dedicated to Mary Roy, who, like the twins' mother, married outside her community before returning divorced and in disgrace.
Mary Row got divorced after just a year.

right um i don't know a lot about um Greek and Roman although i'm a member of an organization and that is the the primary interest of some ancient uh Numismatic Society Club
I know about the British empire.

so you're right they could do something about about that i guess
They need to take action soon.

Chatterbox  Of course tobacco companies represent something close to pure evil.
The evil that tobacco companies represent, is making money from human misery.

Last call at pubs is at 11 sharp, to ensure that guests don't linger much beyond 11:15.
The latest that guests ever stay in pubs is 11:30.

The huge beasts thundered and belched as they grazed.
The largest of them all growled at any others who got too close to his food. 

The town's great treasure is a street.
This street is the most important place in town.

God, I hope it's Scientologists.
The narrator likes Scientologists.

The first principle addresses the acceptance of this premise by senior executive management, and the second ensures that the CIO has the organizational legitimacy to execute his or her role.
If senior management does not accept the principle, the project will fail.

Not what our grandmothers would call a proposal.
Our grandmothers would not call this a proposal or help you with a good one.

Second, discounts for transportation have been limited to Standard A, Priority over 5 pounds, and parts of Standard B. There are no dropship discounts in Express Mail, none in First Class, limited ones in Periodicals, and none in Special Standard or Library Rate.
 discounts for transportation have been limited to Standard A and B

That is all my business.
You should heed my advice on these matters.

It is not only religious creationists who are bothered by this problem but also some prominent scientists.
Religious creationists and some prominent scientists have joined ranks to fight the problem.

Participants agreed that in order to identify and serve groups that remain isolated, we need to broaden our language bases, bring more qualified support staff to our programs, use community leaders and be sensitive to tension between disenfranchised communities.
Many of these isolated groups speak their own dialects that are difficult for outsiders to understand.

in power that's not really seeking God and wanting to do good for the people and not deal for selfish motives is very dangerous and i don't see that this one world this new world order that him and Gorbachev keep talking about i just don't see that um that's just a real good thing but i think it's something that's going to happen but i guess that's what i feel happen with the war and that was the motive of the war was to try and break that up and so that they could be you know get more power over that Arab lands when they try and next year really start pushing this new world order well he talks about it all the time i mean
The conspiracy theorists were totally aware of the moves made by politicians.

For example, crediting additional securities to the trust fund or increasing the interest rate paid on the trust fund's securities would commit additional future general revenue to the Social Security program but does not increase the government's overall revenue or reduce its costs.
These securities are worth several thousand dollars.

Ca'daan's blood rushed.
Ca'daan was terrified.

No sign of White.
We were looking for White.

For hiking in Pasadena's Eaton Canyon, call the Nature Ceter at (626) 398-5420.
You can call the nature center if you want to hike in Eaton Canyon and they will make an appointment and give you a permit.

The gate in the city walls nearest the Temple Mount has the unusual name of Dung Gate, probably due to the activities of the city's waste collection men in earlier times.
Dung Gate still smells like waste to this very day.

Third, you will-let me repeat that loudly and firmly-you WILL face resistance.
Resistance will come in the form of protests, sit-ins, and filibusters.

but yet we don't test for that and i wonder if we don't do that because it is so prevalent and would put probably lose a quarter of all our population here
Most of them here act like they have it, maybe that's why they don't test.

Lavery considers herself among the fortunate few whose cases are accepted by Legal Aid, one of the only places in the Capital Region that provides free legal services for civil matters such as custody battles, landlord-tenant disputes or public assistance appeals.
Lavery is a small minority, or rather lucky.

In conjunction with the agency's mission and core values, GAO must, among other things, be professional, objective, factbased, nonpartisan, nonideological, fair, and balanced in all of its audit, investigation, and evaluation work.
The professionalism is what's supposed to separate GAO from lesser agencies.

In the nighthis eyes carry him     to unknown places.
One of the unknown places was Paris, France.

But the one that actually ended the movie was good too, when Clooney finally proposes to Michelle Pfeiffer right in Bloomingdale's for gosh sakes, and all the other shoppers applaud and applaud--it seems to go on forever--announcing the cynicism and greed and callousness that underlie Christmas shopping or marriage or movies or something.
In the movie, Clooney proposed to Michelle Pfeiffer and they ended of getting married on Christmas Day.

yes it did yeah well i think i would also and i think it it really uh would be very difficult in terms of uh you know people i'm thinking mainly people going to college i don't see how
It would be easier for someone not going to college. 

yeah yeah yeah most of them too scared to do anything about it
It'd be nice if someone would do something. 

General Accounting Office.
The office that does all of the government's accounting.

He, by the way, had been acquitted of the charge brought against him. 
John Cavendish was the man who was allowed to go free.

Financial  Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation's Internal Controls as of December 31, 1992.
Financial Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation's quality control of the last quarter of this year.

Many Jamaicans head to the States for further education, and the American economic influence on areas such as business investment and planning is growing.
Jamaica is America's next, prime investment location.

The placement of these two pieces is a PR triumph, but one carrying the seeds of its own  If people know all this work is going into making Paula Jones seem a certain someone, doesn't that just make it obvious that she's really somebody else?
Paula Jones seems to be somebody else with bad intentions.

because it always seems it goes wrong when you try to do something
You are just not very good at doing this.  

so the rest live in one lives in Connecticut and a couple lives in Pittsburgh and one lives near DC so uh
We get to visit the ones in DC more often, since it is closer to us.

Vrenna, the Kal, San'doro, and I will do that.
The three of us will work to complete the wall. 

we try not to go before uh July because uh it takes uh
We don't go before July because of the weather.

oh it's not it's probably not quite the same
They probably changed it all the time.

China is the most eager customer, buying surplus material through U.S.-based scrap-metal dealers.
China buys metal from the U.S. and sells it back.

Fashion shows are at 10am on Tuesdays as well as Fridays in summer.
People that attend fashion shows are available mostly in the summer.

There can be little doubt that the LSC Act funds constitutionally protected expression
The LSC Act funds is a constitutionally protected expression as is LRC desk feelers fund.

A pleasant detour off the Pau-Toulouse road, this fortified hilltop town has a splendid Romanesque-Gothic cathedral that merits an unhurried visit.
The cathedral in this town was built in 1293.

It just--
It was.

Herbert Stein's article He Has To Go asks, Is this the man I want to represent ...
Herbert Stein's article is not just about representation. 

A long moment came before he spoke.
He was thinking hard before he spoke.

Likewise, only about half of the managers we
Half of the managers did their job 

so i do things like that you know if i had more time i'd probably do it and sell the stuff but you know i don't have enough time to do it to really you know take orders on it and
I would make a lot of money selling the stuff.  

When it fell, the Temple and all the buildings were burned.
The Temple was burned by the Israelites. 

now she can maybe she'll type something that you need for you and then you'll be in good shape like a paper
She'll give you clear instructions.

assist the supervisor in his or her review and verify that recorded work time is accurate and allowable.
Assist the supervisor to see that the recorded work time is correct, I do not trust them.

so whatever happens to it you're stuck with it
No matter what happens to it, you cannot return it.

seventy five at uh six thirty five and so well by living in Plano we're just about fifteen minutes away and
We used to live further away, but it was too inconvenient.

This is true whether the validity issue becomes apparent during initial attorney-client consultations or in the midst of litigation proceedings.
This is only true when the validity issue becomes apparent during consultations or litigation proceedings.

He thought their findings help support work with non-injured patients in the emergency department setting as well.
He was unsure of their findings while working with injured patients.

Yes, the American people have a right to be skeptical.
They wanted the Americans to think for themselves.

do you ever or have you ever do you ever actively work for a candidate
Do you ever help out on a candidate's campaign?

Cokie Roberts, pundit, ABC  [Didn't return Chatterbox's phone call.]
Cokie Roberts was busy watching TV and forgot to return the phone call.

Turkish coffee (kahve) is strong, black, and served complete with grounds in a small espresso cup, with a glass of water on the side.
Turkish coffee is a delicacy for any coffee lover.

Asked how she and her husband manage to juggle so many competing demands upon their time, Schwartz replied, we don't watch TV.
Instead of watching TV, Schwartz and her husband like to read.

The supreme tragedies leave us not devastated but exhilarated, and the sublime actors, the moment their performances begin, stop acting.
The sublime actors are surely going to get awards for their performances.

predictable yeah yeah that does sound like a pretty neat idea
Having all the menus be paperless and in 3d is kind of a neat idea. 

The view has been that its mission is to serve and that whatever is mailed will be delivered.
Mail will be delivered regardless of weather conditions.

uh but i somehow think that war is one of those things that that maybe is inevitable but uh i don't look at it as a threat in the same sense that that i think this question was meant what about you
I think that we should always be prepared for war.

He recently said that a Washington state initiative to require trigger locks was written by Satan.
He said the trigger lock law was the worst law the state had seen.

The Office of Information Management (OIM), the Office of Program Performance (OPP), and the State Planning Team are now completely staffed.
The Office of Program Performance is the OPP.

Low-income domestic violence victims may find long-term legal help -- representation in divorces or child-custody disputes -- hard to come by, if two organizations now providing such help can't replace their lost funding.
These two organizations lost their funding because of chronic mismanagement. 

These workpapers should be (1) clear about what steps the team took and what conclusions they reached and (2) reviewed by staff with appropriate skills or, if needed, technical specialists.
The workpapers should be clear about what the teams ate for dinner

You can try your luck at pari mutuel betting on jai-alai at pari mutuel, greyhound-racing at the Cani?­drome (one of the largest in the world), and harness-racing on Taipa.
If you want to make a quick buck, your best bet is to go to the Canidrome.

Also, an English professor writes about getting fired and becoming a carpenter.
Also, an English professor writes about getting fired for drinking on the job and becoming a carpenter.

Revaluation of inventory and related property (596)
Taking a look at a real estate portfolio

and well it's hard uh because
It is not easy to get a job here.

"Sounds as if it might be important,"Drew commented.
"My brother called and his voice sounds as if it may be important" Drew commented to his friends

oh well then you you get the over thirty five everything goes downhill flop
When you get older than thirty five, you have a midlife crisis. 

Over the last few years, we have issued numerous reports with practical recommendations on the steps individual agencies can take to address their specific human capital challenges.
Numerous reports were issued over the last ten years. 

Like Mark Twain, who said that suicide is the only sane thing the young or old ever do in this life, we imagine that the elderly and the ill desire death rationally.
Many have reacted negatively to Mark Twain's quote that suicide is the only sane thing the young or old ever do in this life.

and i i think that's probably pretty good for me um i part of my incentive when i started was to try to lose a few pounds because i had a special reason you know i wanted to and had a lot of motivation which
It was helpful to have incentive.

He limited himself to a skillful copypaste from the presentation of his predecessor, Maciek Janik, whom just in case, he criticized at every opportunity, which was easy, because the man's responsibilities had been clearly defined.
He limited himself to a skillful copy paste and a cut paste.

FEMA inspectors were in Kerrville again Wednesday, inspecting some damaged homes.
FEMA will be helping the homeowners in Kerrville. 

As of December 31, 2001, Legal Services of Northwest Indiana, Inc. joined with Legal Services Organization of Indiana, Inc. (LSOI) by transferring its assets to LSOI.
After joining together, they then separated again 10 years later n 2011.

to get them out of our everyday life
You can add those tricks to your daily life.

After the morose twilight years of the Sun King, the societal tone changed with the satiric pen of Voltaire and the erotic fantasies of Watteau's paintings and Marivaux's comedies.
The Sun King almost entirely destroyed the area.

then i didn't mind cutting it out and sewing it i could do that all day long and i i can remember once in high school i wanted some extra money
I earned money in high school doing this.

no i'm not a native here actually um from Philadelphia originally and lived in uh Ohio for you know a good portion of time going to high school and college there so i've been down here for about eight years but uh i don't know that's just something that i really picked up on i really did like the Mexican food the other thing i like i guess um i don't eat it as often is maybe Italian food we don't have as many places around here to eat Italian food but um
I also like Chinese food.

Sports pundits likened him to Michael Jordan and Jack Nicklaus.
He was more renown than Andre Agassi.

The reductions that generate the banked allowances are shown as the area to the left of each vertical dotted line as the differences between the reference case and scenario emission trajectories.
The bank receives millions of dollars in reductions every year.

you know you the lid pops off the little tent comes up the top and it had two double beds in it
The tent is large enough for a few people.

This temple is of Moghul inspiration and, unusual for Nepal, is constructed entirely of stone.
The majority of temples in Nepal are made of hardened clay and timber.

They are the best in the business, and their efforts have turned up precious little.
They are the best in the entertainment industry. 

uh smokers typically have more time out of work they're uh uh more prone to accidents and all of those other things and and uh
Smokers end up affecting other people's lives negatively.

People aren't going to be impressed by a harmonica and a light-bulb anymore.
People won't be impressed by a harmonica and a light-bulb, but they might be if you us a trumpet instead.

Either way, I won't be taking the neighbor boy to Times Square Friday night.
I hope the neighbours son;t ask me to take him to Times Square Friday night.

Slate 's Dialogue on mixed marriage.)
Slate talks about interracial marriage.

Hargarten said there should be some reference in the recommendations to the high-risk environment in which these people live and work and visit the ED.
The populous at ED in general have low reference in the recommendations.

What they are obsessed with in this case, though, is the cultural emptiness of whiteness.
In this particular article, they're unusually obsessed with whiteness. 

i had a friend that had a roommate that worked for TI and she saw this come up on the computer screen and ran it off
TI hired my friend's roommate to look at computer screens. 

the person said that they hadn't used anything and their test came back positive and normally we didn't retest them but there were a couple people that we really thought that they were telling the truth and we retested them like the next day and they came back negative
There are some tests that came positive the second time.

Miss Tuppence put me wise to that right away.
Miss Tuppenceknewn what was going on all along.

Then the first thing she remembers?
She remembers little beyond the first thing. 

Look for evidence of a crew cut and a fish-reliant diet.
Diets heavy in fish are healthy. 

but they got four in their half of the first and then Nolan was invincible
They got four goals in the first half.

What about me?
Can I come also?

Selecting Texas, North Carolina, and Arkansas would be a reasonable worst-case choice.
If one selects those states, including Texas, it would be a reasonable worst-case choice, said the governor.

The Lions' (St. Stephen's) Gate is to the right of the Golden Gate.
The Lion's Gate is larger than the Golden Gate.

Road access may be difficult, with the last 8 km (5 miles) along a winding, narrow roadway where an alternating, one-way traffic system is in place.
Road access to the palace is very difficult.

yeah i think you're right i think over the well goodness i guess you could go back as
I believe it could benefit you if you go back.

Several companies have used such aggressive approaches to deal with a variety of tax issues and other matters.
The several companies are owned by Walmart.

Manufacturing and Product Reliability Knowledge Should Be Captured before Starting Production
Manufacturing and product reliability knowledge is the only thing that needs to be known before production.

yeah well they have a stronger debate too because there's twelve people there they have to decide whether or not he's guilty and then they can sit in the at the same time and decide what his punishment would be and you'd have more than one person's input on it
Because there are twelve people deciding guilt and punishment, the end result will be more fair.

No one can possibly bring home the crime to me. 
The crime can be brought home to someone else.

These studies yield a process capability index (Cpk), a measure of the process's ability to build a part within specified limits.
The studies yield  Cpk which helps the program streamline their development process.

Altruistic parents would save the money from their tax cuts and leave it to the children, who must pay off all that government debt someday; that saving would hold interest rates down.
Altruistic parents want to leave money to their kids but taxes will take too much of it.

Well, let's do it right now, then, before they find out.
We need to hide things quickly before we get caught.

For some of the very guardians of America's alabaster template--Pat Buchanan, Peter Brimelow, and their ilk--are the same ideologues who reflexively rebuke blacks for any show of ethnocentrism.
Buchanan and Brimelow do not have any black friends. 

Even when they do not, as with Button, they usually are not thinking rationally.
They typically do not think rationally because they are nazis.

It was heavy and wide-bladed, all forged from a single piece of steel.
It was durable.

Accountability describes the nature of GAO's work in helping Congress oversee federal programs and operations to ensure effective and efficient government for the American people.
How does a great job helping the country. 

Type-5 Worksharing.
Type-5 Worksharing talks about the way we transfer work between clients.

and he was lethargic he really he wasn't used to the heat at all he
The heat was a problem for him.

A notice of proposed rulemaking was published on June 27, 1996, 61 Fed.
The notice was published in a local newspaper.

yeah i'm trying to think what i've seen lately i mean well well we just finished watching uh Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles on tape you know
It was a great movie.

White would be waiting for Lincoln with twice as many of his own men, and then some.
White was concerned it would be hard to capture Lincoln.

Financial  Federal Family Education Loan Program's Financial Statements for Fiscal Years 1993 and 1992 (GAO/AIMD-94-131, June 30, 1994)
The financial statements for 1993 and 1992 are released onto the website.

Her proudest achievement, though, was the Green Revolution that modernized wheat and rice farming to give India, for the first time in its history, self-sufficiency in food production.
The Green Revolution both gave India self-sufficiency in food production and enabled hundreds of thousands of Indians to move out of peasantry.

In response to our inquiry, Commission officials explained that the Commission did not provide a separate certification and statement to SBA because it considers publication of the certification in the Federal Register to be notice to SBA.
The commission didn't believe that it needed to explain itself further. 

Stauffenberg stormed into a small, chaotic resistance movement and gave it at least the appearance of purpose.
They thought they were making progress.

'My God, J, why?'
It was confusing to me.

but uh they say that there it's almost down to zero where people come back and say they are positive and and they're not you know in other words there's very few mistakes and that of course has got to be critical it's got to be if you have a drug testing program it's got to be with a very very good agency you don't just have you know some local uh group do it it's got to be a a a highly qualified agency
Some local drug testing groups always have errors in their tests.

Finally, as suddenly and unexpectedly as they had arrived, the British retired.
The British hadn't been there for very long.

overhead cam diesel engine that represented a quantum leap in performance beyond Cummins' existing products.
The engine took German engineers 12 years to complete.

that that that's really sad you know you got young boys or girls that at fourteen or twelve years old that are committing murders and no remorse what so ever
Young girls and boys learn to commit murder from TV.  

Thousands of low-income residents throughout the San Fernando Valley face exploitation in the workplace -- overtime without pay, long hours without breaks, earnings below the minimum wage.
The majority of low-income workers face this exploitation.

There were three containers to re-fill, and the substances were not available on the local market and had to be imported using diplomatic channels from the USA.
The three containers were made of glass to keep the contents in a neutral state.

Transformers, Turtles, and Rangers were largely confined to action figures and television.
Transformers, Turtles and Rangers are popular. 

A half groan broke from Tommy's lips.
Tommy knew that the news was going to complicate everything.

Although Hispanic voters account for only 5 percent of the electorate, they are significant voting blocks in key states and, most of the time, they vote Democrat.
The amount of Hispanic voters is rapidly growing.

yeah uh i don't know i think a lot of um states are uh do you live in Texas you know because we now we have a woman governor and of course Dallas i do you live in Dallas
Do you live by Dallas?

Dave felt his stomach twist, until he saw they were heading toward a huge bird that was cruising along under them, drawing closer.
Dave felt like he was going to be sick, and he felt dizzy, which was really frightening on top of being in the air.

Welcoming the decision in an editorial, the paper said it creates a  No dictator or tyrant may cite national sovereignty to claim impunity from justice.
Dictators or tyrants are often able to escape the justice they deserve.

Her meeting with the young American millionaire had given her the chance and it was unlikely she would be slow to avail herself of it.
The young millionaire offered to buy her a TGI Friday's.

Funding cuts in free legal aid for 2003 could mean less access to courts for the poor, but the District 9 Pro Bono Commission is hoping to fill the gap.
Poor people are upset that they won't have as much access to free legal counseling.

um-hum and it's and it's recognized that the two great powers are us and them and and the two great powers are always pitted against each other
We are not just two great powers but the two greatest powers of all.

4.18 AICPA standards and GAGAS require auditors to assess the risk of material misstatements of financial statements due to fraud and should consider that assessment in designing the audit procedures to be performed.
AICPA standards for risk assessment are the more stringent than those of GAGAS.

This is Wolf's term for that girl in the eighth grade who sprouted breasts early, fooled around with too many boys, and got slammed with a bad reputation.
This is Wolf's term for that girl that grew up quickly, said the teacher.

I don't envy next year's teen-sex filmmaker the challenge of topping the pie scene or the cloudy glass of beer bit.
The film was very original in the way it showed the teens having sex.

Why did everyone say Johnny Shannon was a boy?
Why did everyone say Johnny Shannon was a boy when he was constantly wearing dresses. 

Disclosure of information not required by these sections of the 1996 appropriation provisions is governed by sections 1006(b)(3) and 1009(d) of the LSC Act.
The disclosure of health information that is not required by the appropriation provisions is goverened by the LSC Act.

that was a good coincidence
That was the best coincidence.

uh so that the public is a little more aware of it but uh i definitely agree with you i would hate to to see that become mandatory
It should not be forced, but people should know more about it. 

Most important, the funds will help fill a frustrating gap.
The funds will be put to good use.

Beyond Iveagh House in Earlsfort Terrace (turn south) is the National Concert Hall, of impressive proportions and uncertain acoustics it's a conversion of an old Examination Hall of University College.
Many acoustical disasters have occurred at the National Concert Hall.

In Newsweek , George Stephanopoulos outlines keys to an Al Gore presidential  1) He must express a clear agenda, not just be Clinton without the personal baggage.
George Stephanopoulos believed that Al Gore had a chance at becoming president.

(Budget Director Frank Raines dismissed such details as boring.
Frank Raines did not often dismiss details. 

The total demand for additional FGD installations will be modest and is expected to be well within the anticipated steel capacity, even with demands from other applications.
The anticipated steel capacity continues to rise this year.

The device, when it was turned on, made a low murmur (or according to some - a loud growl) designed to keep the owner in a good mood.
No one understood how the device worked. 

yeah well it's like it's like Saddam you know we're going to build them up and then have to go in there and take care of them
We'll build them up and then have to help them, because they don't have the resources to take care of their own people.

yeah  and then it lies in a drawer for about five or six years at least
Then no one touches it for up to ten years.

in the way he works and so on but there's so many things that it would make a difference i guess i
he works by himself a lot, it would make a difference if he worked in a team

The financial interchange does not arise from an exchange transaction, because it is a reallocation of resources among funds, all of which are financed primarily from nonexchange revenue.
There has been a push to eliminate nonexchange revenue as a means of financing.

Since the 1960s, Mallorca has shone in its role as Spain's tourism juggernaut, defining the extremes of a Mediterranean  the unbridled hedonism of topless beaches and singles bars, and the lethargic, point A (hotel) to point B (beach) vacation.
Topless beaches became wildly popular on the island from the 1960s onwards.

Scary rodent-borne viruses are making a comeback across the country, not just in Southern California.
Rodent-borne virus outbreaks have killed a dozen people in the U.S.

that i think that was the most difficult thing for people to pick up on was stopping and starting people's pay mainly because you can do it now and it's easy and it's so easy that people go
It can be difficult, but once it's understood then you're good to go.

To take only the most extreme  Outright bribes do not, as far as we can tell, play a big role in determining federal policies--and who doubts that they would if they were legal?
If bribery were legal, our federal policies would look much different than they are.

The Sinn Feiner was speaking.
The Sinn Feiner was communicating and gesturing.

Just as he was about to step down, he paused, and said rather hesitatingly: "I should like to make a suggestion if I may?" He glanced deprecatingly at the Coroner, who replied briskly: "Certainly, Mr. Cavendish, we are here to arrive at the truth of this matter, and welcome anything that may lead to further elucidation."
He was about to step down when he paused and spoke to the man in the lab coat.

If you ran, you starved and died.
You would die of heatstroke if you ran. 

A trace of childish innocence in his face gives the lanky Bethlehem lawyer a Jimmy Stewart-like quality of quiet trust.
The Bethlehem lawyer has always put his ethics ahead of money.

Strictly speaking, Bharatpur is in Rajasthan, but proximity, just 42 km (26 miles) due west of Agra, makes it logical to include here.
Agra and Bharaptur are thought of together.

It happened in the late 1960s, when state and local officials embarked on a campaign to encourage welfare and food-stamp use--to remove stigma and boost participation rates.
The campaign to remove the stigma and boost welfare participation was a great success.

so where have you been where have you been camping before
I want to go on a camping trip too.

Such coordination will require better communication within and among the agencies.
The head of each agency agreed to better communication within each agency as well as with each agency will require coordination,

LSC's 1998 call for state planning coincided with an active period within California's justice community.
Nobody knows for sure whether or not the 1998 LSC call for state planning during an active period within California's justice community was coincidental or not.

Although the sacred structures represent the ultimate focus of the Shinto religion, they are dismantled and renewed every 20 years one of the most explicit manifestations of the traditional Japanese belief in transience and perpetual renewal.
If the sacred structures aren't dismantled every twenty years, the Japanese believe they will have a year of bad luck.

wow you too
You have a great day too. 

The statue's face is entirely obscured by red paste that is smeared on by worshippers.
Worshippers place flowers around the statue's base. 

He said to Slim, "Come here, lad."  
He wanted to ask Slim a question.

if if you want to go into one that's really useful you're going to have to go over a thousand dollars and even for a personal computer it's probably smart to spend that much and and we've ours is not quite that powerful and so you know we are we are limited which may be one reason why
It's smart to buy a Microsoft computer. 

tight enough to really support your ankle
The ankle brace you bought from the sports store yesterday is really supportive. 

Prepared by Energy and Resource Consultants, Inc.
Energy and Resource Consultants, Inc, have a long history of preparation.

well yeah yeah we have uh you know like a typical credit union account for you know just a a basic savings thing and then uh we've got you know the IRA's and CD's and various and sundry you know long term kinds of things
We have some money in our savings account.

Vrenna looked nervous, taking a step back.
Vrenna look nervous while taking a step back from the battle.

The Industrialist had entirely missed the evening meal and remained unaware of the fact.
The Industrialist wasn't hungry at all.

Our Summary Judgment department, which saves you the trouble of reading reviews, will be upgraded into a service that will implant the consensus opinion on all the new movies, books, television shows, etc., directly into your brain, saving you the trouble of reading and seeing the books and shows themselves.
The Summary Judgment department has been researching the technology behind implanting information directly into the brain without reading it prior for over a century.

right that that's the whole point there're so many games in in a year that they've got to have repeat customers they can't afford not to and
They would make a big loss if customers did no repeat.

In recent years the French national health system has approved reimbursement for spa treatments and the number of curistes seeking treatment has risen.
In France, the health care system will reimburse massages.

Drew Kirby Drew Rennie.
Drew Kirby was the older brother of Drew Rennie.

Last December, three cognitive psychologists at the University of Rochester played two-minute audiotapes consisting of short nonsense words (such as bidakupado) for a group of 8-month-old babies.
Three psychologists worked with babies to test a linguistics hypothesis.

Tables 6-1a, b, and c list the expected total MWe of facilities that would be equipped with SCR, FGD, or ACI after response to a multipollutant rule.
MWe regulations will continue to get tougher in coming years.

isn't that terrible And uh you know and that certainly uh cannot be said to be uh something that happens everywhere
that is terrible, that does not happen everywhere I hate when people shoplift

'You've got to be kidding.'
You're pulling my leg about that.

Fierce Creatures (Universal Pictures).
Fierce Creatures is a comedy.

Others have been painstakingly restored in an on-going cooperation between Nepal and German experts, making use of the undiminished skills of the local craftsmen.
The restorations have taken over a decade.

The abbey church combines a sturdy Romanesque nave with a markedly lighter and more airy Flamboyant Gothic chancel.
The nave was built before the chancel was built.

Off the cloister, with its ancient cedar tree, is the Pilgrim's Hospice (Ospizio dei Pelligrini) where some of his finest works are found, notably a Descent from the Crose
The cedar tree in the cloister is over 800 years old.

I was born on this side of the Pale.I speak with the forked tongue of colony.But I stand in the first dark and frost of a winter night in Dublin and imagine
The writer considers himself a true native.

The formula doesn't exist.
The formula doesn't exist because it is not possible.

The whole site is painted in the bright green, red, and yellow colors that represent nature, blood, and sunshine.
Many people believe that the color red represents blood.

For sheer exclusivity in jewelry, there's nothing like the imposing marble facade of Bulgari (Via Condotti), the ultimate monument to Roman luxury.
Bulgari sells the most expensive jewelry and dog collars in Rome.

huh yeah it really is have you seen the new uh Dodge Stealth the the real nice one  yeah yeah the Mitsubishi is real nice looking too now those are nice
I think the Dodge Stealth looks just as good as the Mitsubishi.  

You spoke of helping us find others, said Ca'daan, hoping to change the subject.
Ca'daan wanted to talk about dogs instead.

Health and safety issues include improper use of pesticides.
Health and safety issues are usually the users' fault.

Ironically, price competition has emerged most robustly among businesses not addressed by the new law, such as DBS, cellular phone, and Internet service providers.
Price competition is common in businesses that aren't covered by the new communication laws.

He's the darkness reaching out for the darkness, Howard Hunt tells John Dean in the film.
Howard Hunt says that Marilyn Manson is a very dark soul. 

Some bottles of colored liquids broke and the smell of the place turned rancid.
The red liquids were rotten and old. 

Applied Fundamentals is a warehouse department, a dumping ground for whatever projects the company can't fit elsewhere.
They wanted to help the other departments.

The sword bit deep and Jon saw him riding with streams of blood flowing back behind him.
The sword went deep into the horse's leg.

The Japan Railways Keihin-Tohoku line takes about 40 minutes from Tokyo to Sakuragi-cho Station in Yokohama; the faster shinkansen leaves you off at Shin-Yokohama, on the outskirts of the city.
The passenger train from Tokyo to Yokohama is the fastest one in asia.

5) Based on studies that have been questioned extensively, the rates for Standard-A mail do not vary with weight up to about 3.3 ounces.
The studies provide some of the most extensive research ever done on Standard-A mail rates.

A strong, viable Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) is needed to maintain investor confidence in the markets.
The SEC is effective at maintaining investor confidence.

Many participants used today's question as an outlet for anti-airline hostility, which most therapists believe is healthier than slapping a co-pilot (most, but not all).
There are co-pilots that were slapped by the participants.

alrighty uh i'll just hand it off to you and hobbies in our spare time is what we've been selected to discuss today
Let's talk about how much you love gardening today.

If the Service has any such proposals on the drawing board, it ought to send them over.
The service is withholding their ideas. 

I have discovered that there were only five short minutes in which he could have taken it ”the five minutes immediately before our own arrival on the scene, for before that time Annie was brushing the stairs, and would have seen anyone who passed going to the right wing. 
He could only have completed it in five minutes flat if he met no hiccups. 

Don't you understand even that much elementary science?"  Hanson didn't get a chance to answer.
Dave was interrupted by a thunder of a storm in a distance.

The Administrator will promulgate regulations to allow use of any banked pre-2009 sulfur dioxide allowances in the new nationwide sulfur dioxide program.
Pre-2009 banked sulfur dioxide is completely regulated now. 

Considering the difficulty of changing data collection systems in mid-stream, few changes are being considered that would require grantees to revise their forms or procedures.
The cost of changing data collection systems is too high.

i suspect that what happens is that uh you get to the point where it's so long that uh from a human being perspective there's not much difference between six hours and an hour and a half
Eventually, you won't notice days running into weeks.

right sure well where i could see it being very useful is for you know when if there's a first time offender part of his punishment is that he's got  to see what you know what he's up against
I understand why a first time offender would need that information.

After the instant suit was filed in the District Court alleging the restrictions on the use of LSC funds violated the First Amendment, see 985 F. Supp.
The funds were going to be used to build an enormous pile of money in the Director's living room as some sort of political statement.

In accordance with the prescribed statutory process, on August 17, 2001, we reported to the Congress, the President, the Vice President, and other officials that the NEPDG had not provided the requested records.
We told Congress that the NEPDG had failed to give us the financial records.

This would be offset, however, by annual losses of more than $40 million to the U.S. dairy and beef sectors because of lower prices for products.
Dairy farmers would lose millions of dollars because of cheap produts.

and of course we're up you know up above you know fourteen thousand feet or whatever and we said well well how dirty could the water be right you never never think about bacteria or amoeba or anything like that
We're up in the air about 14000 feet, which is making me feel very sick.

His defenders point out that he was trained at a top-flight facility and usually brought along a flight instructor but that Friday's weather reports offered no warning of poor visibility.
It showed temperatures in the 70s on Friday.

The latter factor exists because postal systems need to be designed to handle a wide range of mailpieces, generated by a wide range of mailers.
Some of the mailers using the postal system do not know what they're doing.

Landslides and small quakes have taken their toll on sites at the Fort, and Giddy House is a perfect example of this.
The Fort was damaged by the weathering caused by the decay in the support beams.

yeah of course needs and wants aren't necessarily the same thing
It's usually better to prioritize your needs above your wants.

The first of Gr??newald's painted panels depicts on one side the conversion and temptation of Anthony and on the other the birth of Jesus and a chorus of angels.
All of the painted panels depict a different scene on each side.

It's almost the last thing I remember before waking up in the hospital… . 169 "Go on," said Sir James, in his quiet penetrating tones.
He was sent to the hospital after a car accident.

Even for the young the remaining days are few.
The remaining days are few, even for the young, according to the news.

I would suggest that Miss Tuppence should go to bed, and that you and I, Mr. Hersheimmer, should share the vigil." Tuppence was about to protest, but happening to glance at the bed she saw Mrs. Vandemeyer, her eyes half-open, with such an expression of mingled fear and malevolence on her face that it quite froze the words on her lips.
Mrs. Vandemeyer was bleeding profusely.

Just as the employees didn't like Benedykt, in equal measure Benedykt didn't like his job.
Benedykt didn't like his job or the employees. 

General Accounting Office (GAO) report highlighted the increasing frequency and changing nature of corporate earnings restatements.
GAO reports showed that corporate earnings were restated 30% of the time.

Were it not for LaGuardia's grand vision of public hospitals, colleges, parks, public transportation, and affordable housing, New York City might have just been another Newark.
Newark is totally lacking in public hospitals and parks and could take a leaf out of New York City's book.

Alas, he broke his ankle falling into the pit.
He broke his ankle when he fell into the viper pit.

It is well understood that when there are two reasonable constructions for a statute, yet one raises a constitutional question, the Court should prefer the interpretation which avoids the constitutional issue.
The statute provides insight as to how the law should operate at all times.

The interior is sparsely furnished.
The decorations were still pretty.

Shall I tell you what made Monsieur Lawrence turn so pale when he first entered his mother's room on the fatal night? 
I know that Monsieur Lawrence turned pale because I was with him that night when he went into his mother's bedroom.

The CFO Electronic Commerce Task Force has created an interagency team, the Financial Implementation Team for Electronic Commerce (FITEC), to help create integrated strategies, execution plans, and schedules for achieving the federal CFO financial community's electronic commerce goals.
The FITEC only consists of members who are 60 years of age or older. 

The Commission's submission to GAO did not highlight any other actions taken to encourage small entity participation in the rulemaking process.
The Commission's report didn't highlight actions taken to encourage private participation in rulemaking.

Schumer immediately countered by running the D'Amato commercial in New York City, labeling it the ad Al D'Amato doesn't want you to see.
Al D'Amato didn't want you to see it because it shows D'Amato punching small children.

Then they don't suspect anything.
If they believed you, then they don't suspect anything.

yeah i think they do too
I think they like fried chicken too

Norm Scharf lured me to Florida with promises of sunshine, warm temperatures and the chance to follow Gene Del Polito on a panel.
Norm Scharf is very convincing to people to make them do things.

Next, the students pour samples from a variety of white wines.
The students drink the wine samples.

(Buy your film, batteries, mineral water, insect-repellent, etc. , at everything is more expensive inside the park. )
Besides buying the needed materials before going to the park, they should be wary of their belongings as thievery has been reported at said park at times.

There's this terrible business to start with. 
There were other businesses that would have been better.

Elsewhere in the prince's garden, in a modern building called the Sailor's House (Casa de Marinos), you can find out what became of the quaint Tagus squadron of the royal fleet.
The story of the Tagon squadron is told in The Sailor's House, it is a tragedy.

' But I always say to this person, be wary and be cautious.
This person is often very reckless and inconsiderate.

The mail-order shortages also reflect the new-found fashion consciousness of retailers like Lands' End and L.L.
The mail-order shortages were caused by the tariff increase across the board.

The Arab town was erected atop this sandy layer and many treasures are still lost below the surface of the modern streets.
The Arab town was erected atop this very sandy layer and many treasures are still lost below the surface of the modern city streets.

But the Roman Empire became Christian in the fourth century, and Jerusalem became a center of religion once again.
The Roman Empire only became Christian after Jerusalem became a center of religion once again.

If you don't recognize his wisdom, you must not get what the election is about.
He appears to be quite insane to everyone else.

well i hope so right
I hope I'll be able to play in tomorrow's big game.

Dew was no gelding--he had all the equipment.
Dew was a fine horse with a penis.

Yet Greider's less bold (but still frightful) assertion that the global system ...
Greider's less ambitious idea that the global system of armadillo defense systems...

uh the problem was that my hair was too long
My hair was too long to work there safely.

Land rights are interests and privileges held by the entity in land owned by others, such as leaseholds, easements, water and water power rights, diversion rights, submersion rights, rights-of-way, mineral rights, and other like interests in land.
Land rights are the interests and privileges you have by the land you own and often include water rights.

yeah yeah i agree they're paying him too much money and uh for for the kind of money they're paying him right now i think it's one point six million dollars they can get a pretty good quality outfielder
They could get a better player at half the price they are paying for him.

So why deny high-testosterone women an opportunity to join in the fun?
We cannot deny the women the opportunity.

(For nearly a century, until 1878, St. Barts was the only possession Sweden ever had in the Caribbean; . )
(Sweden first acquired St. Bart's in 1778;.)

Each themed section, constantly renewing its attractions, has a variety of fun experiences to offer.
The sections are all themed in relation to one another.

Is it hypocrisy?
It is not hypocrisy.

slipping it out there
You slip it out there and wait for a fish to catch it.

Indeed, she had gone so far as to look up his address in the Red Book.
Yes, she had spent several hours looking him up and eventually found his address in the Red Book.

Low- and moderate-income households have fewer resources and may have less capacity to contribute to an IRA or to earmark more assets for retirement.
Resources that low- and moderate-income households have, are usually not very beneficial to the American dream.

you know most tribes were treated dreadfully
They were murdered and suppressed.

Its newly formed Bank of St. George had to sell off overseas colonies.
The bank ran into problems from the day it was founded.

The interactive site will include pro bono resources and community legal education materials as well as provider information and support resources.
The site will be of high quality.

Look for the Cecil Hotel on the western end of the square.
The Cecil Hotel is a nice place, look for it.

and i think that's a you know we really ought to take a long hard look at at the system and and see if there's a way to improve it not just say that's the way it is or it's been that way for two hundred years
There is always a way to change a system, even if it has been around for centuries.

Just the minimum exchange of words, the necessary information.
The least amount of words ever.

Adrin and San'doro came around the building on Jon's right.
The building on Jon's right was on fire.

The man's other arm crossed the first and his hand cupped the back of Ca'daan's skull.
Ca'daan was decapitated.

you find them under bricks usually and that
You can sometimes find them under fallen limbs.

This rule amends VA's regulations regarding the award of compensation for disability resulting from hospitalization, treatment, examination, or vocational rehabilitation to reflect the Supreme Court's interpretation of 38 U.S.C.
The Supreme Court's take on 38 USC was considered refreshing by the majority of the profession.

I nodded absently.
I shook my head even though I did not understand.

yeah um a friend of mine works at uh IBM in Charlotte
I met someone on holiday back in Charlotte a few years ago that worked at IBM, and we're Facebook friends now.

Syndication revenues will guarantee her millions for years.
Syndication revenues are the highest they've ever been.

This vast complex of 22 subtemples and affiliated monasteries (down from about 60 during the Edo period) was built, burned down, and rebuilt between the 14th and 17th centuries.
The complex was burned down in the year 1523.

Services for people using these offices would be provided in a less expensive way, using contract stations in some cases.
The new way is being ushered in because many people complained.

More easily, one can imagine nebbishes banding together to promote a nebbish agenda, kvetching that they are systematically discriminated against, demanding Nebbish Studies at universities, and complaining that history textbooks treat them as losers.
The nebbish are underappreciated.

One of the managers created a thank you toolkit to show her appreciation to her staff.
The thank you kit contains a card.

So now we are living in the world everyone has long claimed to  where we judge politicians based only on the issues and their public records of governance.
Politicians used to be judged mainly according to their looks.

Gonna take 'em back to th' Range with you, Mister Kirby? Callie came down from the loft.
Callie was carrying a days worth of supplies and a worn-out saddle.

There were counter-magical methods against nearly all magic, and the book he had read had been only an elementary one.
He had only read an elementary book on magic.

It felt as thick as soup and he had to breathe shallowly.
The thick air made it very difficult for him to breathe.

Wallace helped to implement and supervise.
Wallace helped supervise, even though that was not his job.

Several factories allow tourist shoppers to see wickerwork in the making, an activity more interesting than it items are crafted not only with the hands and feet but occasionally the teeth as well.
Wickerwork is a family tradition, and most old factories feature the use of teeth when doing the wicker technique.

We were not alone.
We were not alone in the dungeon. 

um but it's about this this guy that's a rodeo big rodeo guy and he comes home to his dad
It's all about this guy and his love of rodeos and his homecoming.

what do you like to do
What would you like to do, other than skiing? 

yeah so it is a a service that they're offering
It's just one of the services they offer.

A tour of the beautiful Parc Ornithologique de Mar?­quen?­terre at St.-Quentin-en-Tourmont will take a couple of hours.
These 2 hours are considered among the best 2 hours for tourists.

Currently, approximately 1 percent of the IT operating budget is devoted to training.
About 99% of the IT budget goes to expenses aside from training.

Rajasthan is undoubtedly one of the most romantic regions in India.
Many people travel to Rajasthan for their honeymoon.

Serious money had been spent- it was definitely plush.
The money was well spent.

Critics are as frantic about saving their novel these days as they were about killing it 40 years ago.
Critics are afraid they will lose their jobs if the novel goes away.

But isn't there some point at which the media's choice of topic can become so controversial and so determinative of the course of the campaign that the principle of self-disclosure supersedes the principle of modesty?
The media's choice of topic raised a lot of eyebrows amongst the voters.

Fire Administration in Emmitsburg, MD.
There is a fire administration in Emmitsburg that helps the fire stations.

 Gainsborough's exquisite Conversation in a Park; and Turner's atmospheric Landscape with River and Bay.
The majority of people prefer Gainsborough over Turner in general.

At ground level, the asymmetrical cathedral is hemmed in by Toledo's clutter of back streets, making it difficult to position yourself for a sufficiently dramatic view.
It's hard to find a dramatic view of the cathedral, though many try.

The current cost-of-illness (COI) estimate for chronic bronchitis is around $107,000 per case, compared with the current WTP estimate of $330,000.
Chronic bronchitis is very common which is why the cost is high.

Climb up to the terrace overlooking this shrine for an excellent view over the gopurams beyond the fourth courtyard to the golden vimana, the inner sanctum, and its arched roof with the god Vishnu portrayed on each side.
The view from the terrace is the best view one can have over the gopurams beyond the fourth courtyard.

 Dave and Nema were hustled into the cave, while the others melted into the woods, studying the skies.
The others abandoned Dave and Nema to the cave while they took to the woods.

hi okay you wanna start
Okay, you wanna start the visual test?

In a study of 826 women, 28 percent began menstruating during the four days around the new moon, whereas no more than 13 percent did so during any other four day period.
In a decisive study, woman were more likely to get their period at a new moon.

Richard Longabaugh urged that collaborative studies include health services researchers.
Health services researchers are very hard to come by.

You have produced this note very opportunely. 
This note is all the evidence we wanted.

This time, a whole bunch of bananas appeared.
The bananas were an unusual addition and threw us off.

Susan replied just when Jon thought she had not or could not hear him.
Jon was started by Susan's response. 

Now I want to ask you about something else. 
We had better move on from this topic immediately as I still have many other queries.

But I still don't see how he managed to prove his alibi, and yet go to the chemist's shop? Poirot stared at me in surprise. 
Poirot looked at me in disbelief.

Postal Service's available inbound LC/AO volume data is reported separately for surface and air, the Commission applied two separate REIMS II distributions.
Postal Service's surface volume data is more reliable than air data.

The data reliability process begins with two relatively simple steps.
The data reliability process begins at 12pm on a Monday.

As Jared Hohlt  in Slate , the comedian got sick at the point where he needed to reinvent himself to keep from sinking into obscurity.
The comedian has suffered many existential crises' and facing a lot of anxiety.

White's men followed him, fanning out.
The men followed White right over the cliff. 

Its islands have small fishing harbors replete with azure water, whitewashed houses with brightly colored trim, small domed chapels, and donkeys in their fields.
The chapels on its islands were built to honor the god Triton.

In the Nixon administration, John Connally was not civil in the second sense.
John Connally did not adhere to decorum in challenging the President.

yes well it is the hardest thing i've ever done as much as you'd go out
I was really burnt out after finishing that task.

The agencies subsequently used these expectations as the basis of senior executives' performance appraisals.
The agencies used these expectations and others to evaluate executives.

The need for federal agencies to protect sensitive and critical, but unclassified, federal data has been recognized for years in various laws, including the Privacy Act of 1974, the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995, and the Computer
The need for federal agencies to murder people is high

And well I know it, for he borrowed two skeins of my black wool to make it with! 
The two skeins of black wool it took to make it was gifted to me.

The State Bar of California has characterized the trend as the pro per crisis in family law and the State Judicial Council has established a task force on the matter.
The State Bar of California and State Judicial Council operate in the same building.

From the town of Ibi onwards you'll see many castles and forts, some of them visible for miles.
There are many castles and forts, but not many are worth seeing.

Red--I mean--"
Red, I wanted to say.

yeah but anyway i enjoy it they the kids i've worked with so far have been Spanish speaking
I like working with the kids.

I'll be the one they send.
They will send me to collect the money.

The career folks are unwilling and unable to impose the policy changes the president may want.
The corrupt careerists are incapable of enacting much needed changes to policy.

just exactly
Yes.

community has not provided the resources that the United Nations mission in Kosovo
The missing resources were to have been provided by the international community.

The shrine contains a kailash, a silver pot symbolizing wealth, because Annapurna, a Nepali version of Shiva's Parvati, is goddess of abundance.
Annapurna is known for her beneficence towards the poor and hungry.

Today's Papers appreciates all its sharp-eyed grammarian readers and will press on irregardless of its occasional missteps.
Today's Papers is happy that its readers notice any grammar problems it may have.

For example, a written authorization that a computer system is secure and is permitted to operate in a defined environment.
The written authorization allows the computer to be secure in it's environment.

South from Montpellier on the N113, you will get a good view over the Bassin de Thau and the oyster and mussel beds near Bouzigues.
It takes one hour to get from Montpellier to the Bassin de Thau.

The application, even though it produced phrases completely illogical and nonsensical, became quite popular, and some of its most unique catchphrases you could have seen on TV - 'Out With There Harm Out!' or 'To Them Bag Away Now Now!'
The application was popular with every crowd. 

So don't be surprised if the status quo lasts just a little while longer.
Don't be surprised if the status quo lasts for another week. 

Huge representations of rulers like Ramses II illustrate the power held by the throne and by the cult of personality, though there are also tiny sculptures such as a bust of Queen Hatschepsut, which may have stood on a mantle or in a niche, showing that Egyptians were not just fixated by the epic and monumental.
Queen Hatschepsut was exiled for her treachery, and any large public monuments to her had been destroyed.

The Secret Service is not incompetent or corrupt, or even especially greedy.
The Secret Service likes to spy on people's internet browsing history.

um but i think if we quit uh building these Taj Mahals with the color TVs and sixty dollars sixty thousand a year to keep an inmate in there on a on a on a life sentence we should start hanging them and get it over with and let's just screwing up the system uh
I wanted to see the man suffer

Further, our work has shown that U.S. agencies have benefited from their use of results-oriented performance agreements for political and senior career executives.
Our work is correct, and reflects most agreements among US agencies.

She fell, vomiting blood into the dirt.
She threw up three times.

It's possible he's guilty.
The evidence of his guilt is overwhelming casting little doubt.

It is an effective way of drawing attention to a problem such as training quality.
This had been proven to be the best way to point out training quality mistakes. 

We're bringing these services directly to the people who need it, he said
Forty percent of people who need these services receive them every year.

There are a couple of hotels here and a pleasant stony beach with umbrellas.
The hotels here are not too expensive.

and so there was quite a difference there
Luckily, the differences were identified and resolved promptly.

I do not know which.
I do not know which, but I know who does.

Above all, Mr. Hastings, watch that devil, her husband! There was no time for more. 
Chiefly, Mr Hastings, take care with Steven, her husband.

There are, to be sure, pivotal generational experiences.
Different generations can never have the same pivotal experiences. 

Now that security was removed, and the air seemed rife with suspicion. 
There was nothing that seemed okay. 

We do this not out of philanthropy but out of enlightened self-interest.
Philanthropy is great, but it isn't the reason why we do it.

Auto-eroticism explained (18 seconds) :
I can explain auto-eroticism to a room full of people.

Though infinitely simpler for me, I did not really think you would agree to that plan.
It would be infinitely simpler, if you just agreed to pay the ransom.

But since rates based on content are seldom the outcome of competitive forces, such an effort would in all likelihood fail.
The effort would fail.

The actual model contains a number of variables.
The real model has over ten variables.

Continuing around the coast in a counter-clockwise direction, Deep Water Bay offers a good beach and harbors.
Along with its public beach, Deep Water Bay also features many private beaches.

At the hour of the paseo (stroll), when offices empty, Madrilellos spill onto promenades and swamp outdoor cafes, plunging into conversation.
At the hour of the paseo, nobody stays in the offices, except people that have to guard the places.

As discussed below, the proposed rule would modify an existing reporting requirement applicable to all hospitals serving Medicare beneficiaries.
Under the rule, Medicare recipients would be subjected to increased scrutiny.

One of the most endearing qualities of B-movie makers such as Roger Corman is their self-consciousness, their recognition that they're making crass, but fun, junk.
Roger Corman is the best maker of B-movie films today.

The jury looked up, interested. 
Attentively, the jury looked up towards the attorney holding the evidence.

and so i think uh uh of course now i go the other extreme i do not like to see in the corporate areas uh all the women dressed like men
I don't like to see women dressed manly because they look so much better when they wear dresses.

So convenient a thing it is to be a reasonable creature, since it enables one to find or make a reason for everything one has a mind to do.
It's convenient to be reasonable when you need to find out why you do something.

Pulitzer Prizes, for example, go to books and newspapers but not to magazines.
Pulitzer Prizes are awarded to great books and big newspaper stories.

What are you talking about? Dad didn't even know that thing was there.
Dad didn't know I hid that in my drawer.

If there is a story there, I don't get it.
This is all smoke and mirrors.

Why are you subjecting your loyal and (usually) enthusiastic readership to the reactionary, bigoted, and sexist drivel of Midge Decter and Norman Podhoretz in ? We don't subscribe to Slate in order to expose ourselves to the ramblings of Anita Bryant's spiritual parents.
We will cancel our subscription to Slate this month.

Lance Morrow of AOL-Time Warner asked.
Lance Morrow attended an informational meeting and asked questions on behalf of AOL-TIme Warner.

sexual crimes unless there's a true change of character and that's where we just have to to trust the authorities and they're not going to excuse people if it was was run like that i don't there would probably be very few exceptions to that and if it was done quickly and done swiftly and but it's not because the judicial system has rejected they've rejected the answer to all these problems they have pretty much
If we aren't careful, we could accidentally release repeat offenders.

I will make a father confessor of you. 
I will teach you to take confessions from people.

oh yes yes yell they used to be but now they're trying to really put it to the the the uh visitors i think they're doing a very stupid thing
They are not behaving in an intelligent manner.

If it is spaceworthy or if it can be repaired, we may live.
There isn't much change of us making it out of this.

The region divides into an eastern half, Haute-Normandie, along the Seine Valley, similar in scenery to the Ile-de-France; and the more rugged Basse-Normandie to the west, more akin to neighboring Brittany.
Driving tours of Haute-Normandie are a fun way to see the sights.

i probably wouldn't and i've lived here all of my life
I probably wouldn't eat the grass and I have lived here all my life.

For something different, look for Roman glass jewellery or fashionable filigreed Yemenite earrings and necklaces (in Jerusalem, Jaffa, and other places that are craft-oriented).
The different types of jewelry are becoming fashionable. 

Gosh, I hope nobody made any Amtrak jokes.
That would be terrible if anyone made Amtrak jokes.

A Job Well Done Is Its Own Reward
Jobs completed on time earn more compensation.

But I respect women, I admire women, and if that's supposed to be bad, then I'm guilty.
There aren't a lot of people in my profession who admire and respect women as much as I do.

I hope so, said Sir James.
Sir James hopes that dinner will be ready soon.

 In addition to following up on significant reported findings and recommendations from previous financial audits or attestation engagements, auditors should consider significant findings identified in performance audits and other studies if these findings relate to subject matter or assertions of the attestation engagement.
Auditors will consider the findings.

That's common enough.
That's a very normal thing, it happens all the time.

A pleasant drive 30 km (19 miles) northeast of Orange along the D975 takes you to the site of one of the most important towns of Roman Provence.
The speed limit on the road is high.

i've watched them twice and they look like bumbling idiots out there at times
They don't look very smart out there.

oh i don't blame you walking is uh you know it's interesting because i think we went through a a phase there where it was jogging
Walking is interesting because you get to see more than when you are running.

In the south of the island is one of the most important ancient sites in the Mediterranean.
The ancient site was home to many rituals honoring the ancient gods.

Roy Barnes announced Tuesday that he will spend his first six months out of office as an unpaid attorney for the Atlanta Legal Aid Society, where he will represent poor people.
Barnes is expected to take up to three cases a month during his stint.

Many of the country houses also hold special events, such as antiques or crafts fairs or fun days with fair rides, throughout the summer months.
There is a special event every day of the summer months.

uh this last tournament i was in i walked nine holes and almost dropped so i shared a cart
They are pretty stingy with the carts, and I only got to share one after nearly dying.

CONCLUSION
The final thoughts

yes we try not to we're probably the only two people in the United States the bank the banks don't want to hear from us because they want those people who charge it up to ten thousand dollars uh and then get all yeah and then pay fifty dollars a month and it all goes to interest
The banks charge more interest to folks that charge more than ten thousand dollars.  

Auditors will need to tailor the use of the tools described in appendix II to the circumstances of the audit.
Tools used to be applied universally.

The Department did not discuss comments beyond the scope of the rule or comments on the requirement to establish a deduction since the requirement was mandated by statute.
The Department was loyal to the requirements mandated by statute.

Eva can't read English and a translator was not involved.
Eva can't read the English language on her own, so she had to use Google Translate.

there's a a subconscious understanding i think it's spiritual that you can rationally explain the subconscious understanding that you know there's there's a more gullibility here when there's not a
It's somewhat difficult to identify as it happens, but examination afterwards makes it fairly obvious.

Ruskin funded educational programs on the role of women in society and research into environmental pollution long before these issues became fashionable.
Ruskin funded educational programs in computer science.

In other words, there is no difference between my description of their argument and their own.
Another way to put it is that we are complete agreement.

This was where the disciples were confronted by the Holy Ghost, and St. Paul was imprisoned in the city for as long as two years.
The good disciples were confronted by the Holy Ghost there.

Within a few years, the carbon dioxide generated by the crowds of visitors caused a rapid deterioration in the cave walls, and the caves had to be closed to the general public.
The caves have since been restored and reopened.

you know it's it's very hard well it was nice chatting with you
It was a great phone call that we had.

 After the solitary beauty of Cap Berber?­a comes Platja de Mitjorn, a sublime arc of sand 8 km (5 miles) long, popular with vacationers in summer.
There are over 1 million tourists at  Platja de Mitjorn every summer.

Jon saw them and fired.
He hit them both.

but they sure are just because some innocent person can really it seems like really serve a rough time you know i'm not saying innocent person let's say someone wrote a hot check for instance
It seems like people that are sentenced for minor crimes do more time than they should.

As a boy I ran water to his forge.
The boy was an apprentice blacksmith.

President Clinton accused the fashion industry of glamorizing heroin . After reading about a photographer who died of a heroin overdose after selling pictures of emaciated, vacant-eyed models, Clinton argued that such images have encouraged young people to take up the habit.
Clinton said people wanted to do heroin to be just like the models.

You're right, Tommy, it is a bit of a poser.
Tommy was very good at psychoanalysis.

Well, he just sat around in the hotel lounge, reading the papers and so on, till it was time for dinner.
He sat there in the hotel lounge because there was nothing else to fill his time with.

Someday, when boomers retire in hordes, more will go out than will come in.
There will come a time when boomers leave their jobs.

During the summer, beside the flight of steps carrying people up to the Mound, you will find the Floral Clock.
The Floral Clock is a popular summer tourist destination.

Jon, who had held up Susan so she could see the duel, whispered to her.
Jon let Susan watch the fight from the front row.

oh just just gorgeous and that inn is huge and but now uh like i say that one tribe is the exception not the rule
I stayed at the inn while on vacation.

She's a-packing up, and she's just sent down word for me to get her a taxi."
She wants a Yellow Cab. 

Tell me, on Monday, not Tuesday, Dorcas, but Monday, the day before the tragedy, did anything go wrong with Mrs. Inglethorp's bell?" Dorcas looked very surprised. 
Dorcas knew what had happened to Mrs. Inglethorp's bell.

They include, but are not limited to, matters concerning (1) the use of encryption to protect the confidentiality of information and other cryptographic capabilities, including digital signatures and integrity checks, (2) personal privacy, (3) the adequacy of laws protecting intellectual property and permitting investigations into computer-related crimes, and (4) the availability of adequate technical expertise and security software tools.
Encryption helps ensure confidentiality for medical records.

The construction equipment required for typical FGD installations is standard construction equipment - welders, excavation equipment, concrete pouring equipment, cranes, etc.
Some FGD installations require equipment that is not considered standard.

He then began his academic career at the University of Michigan, where he earned the title of full Professor in 1986.
He was an economics professor at Michigan.

ever see that commercial
Do you like that commercial?

Stores such as Dorothee-Bis, Benetton, and the less expensive but lower quality Tati are found throughout the capital.
Benetton is less expensive than Dorothee-Bis.

Barnam looked at Jon in shock.
The man was very disappointed.

have weekly meetings and everything and so it's just really really well regulated
The meetings are about an hour long.

The base year is the year for which the financial statements are being prepared.
The base year is when the nonprofit's financial statements are for.

A cloud of white smoke exploded from the back of the gun and swept into the hot wind.
The gun had just been fired and the smoke could be seen on the wind.

. Evaluation in World Bank
They evaluated every bank in the world

The classic OPEN sign is a 35-inch by 15-inch rectangle, with a dozen feet of 12-millimeter tube in the word OPEN and another 8 feet in the border.
They were all made in the same factory.

oh that's really nice
That's really pleasant.

Officially, I have nothing to do with it. 
Off the record, I may be helping.

Two were most prominent.
The pair of them were incredible.

oh great Boeing ought to hire him and give him a junkyard and see if he could build a 747 out of it
That man thinks he's really good at building planes.

Demonstrations on television never look right.
Protests look much better in still photography.  

His billboard-size faces are said to hearken back to Rembrandt and classical court artists.
His faces are supposed to look like impressionists.

Her voice, with the slight warmth of the Western accent, had an almost thrilling quality.
She liked the sound of her own voice more than anyone else.

This good-natured banter will continue back and forth until you settle on a mutually acceptable price.
You need to bargain to get a lower price.

In addition, the courts have assessed a fee on civil filings, a funding source that supports the Maine Civil Legal Services Fund.
The courts charge a $5 filing fee.

Those with more highbrow tastes should make for the Tel Aviv Performing Arts Centre, Leonardo Da Vinci Street.
The highest of highbrow tastes enjoy the Tel Aviv Performing Arts Center most of all.

We assume that current-law benefits are paid in full
This assumption is valid.

But contradictions abound in Joyce's latest outing.
Joyce lied about her most recent outing, there were many contradictions in her story.

The point of the rape charge is that it's different.
The child rape charge is different, that's the point.

'Derry, is that you?'
"Derry, did you follow me in?"

The hope is that young people will come to understand that we can maintain the freedoms that are rooted in our nation's very soul while ensuring the safety of our citizens.
Young people need to understand that freedom and safety can be maintained through strict regulation. 

Looking up he saw a figure sitting above on an outcrop of ancient rock.
He saw a person watching them from above.

These essays are accessible directly from the Contents page or from the relevant item in The Week/The Spin.
You can look at the essays from the Contents page, said the teacher.

You're out.
You are no longer welcome here, you're disqualified for what you have done.

The Licchavi dynasty, of high-caste Hindu origin, ruled in the Kathmandu Valley from about a.d. 330 to 700.
The rule of the Licchavi dynasty ended after their brutal defeat in war. 

He is not altogether a fool. 
He has some traits that would make him not an idiot.

And if you want to know more about it, stop by and talk to me down at the unemployment office.
I can give you more information and some brochures about it, talk to me down at the unemployment office.

Even if you aren't a scholar, do come here the atmosphere and beauty of the place is entrancing.
Scholars would get a lot more enjoyment from coming here than a regular person.

I want to ask your advice. 
Can I talk to you about a problem?

Well, there's no quarreling with a crash landing.
There is no point fighting with a crash landing, it wins every time.

The monk's marble tomb (Arca di San Domenico, 6th chapel, right aisle) is one of Bologna's treasures.
Bologna's treasures aren't just tombs.

Furthermore, under 31 U.S.C.
USC 32 contains similar points to 31.

The NYT lead observes that despite Castro's talk portraying the Pope as an ally in the struggle against American imperialism, there's still plenty of religious repression in Cuba, The Times ' Larry Rohter gives an eyewitness account of Havana cops orderi
The Times' Larry Rohter gives an eyewitness account of Havana cops ordering larges amounts of McDonald's hamburgers.

So maybe you will be too.
Maybe you will be a star like me as well.

Now, road-side look-outs tempt travelers and aspiring photographers onto jutting crags high above terraces of orange and lemon groves, vineyards, walnut, and almond trees.
The lookouts along the road can be incredibly dangerous as they're out on crags.

it caught the and i couldn't do anything i fortunately it was loose it was no longer under the car and i i i could not get my my i could just see me through the rest of my life with this jack attached to my hand and i i couldn't see anybody on the street no other kids all over so i went to the to the door
I was stuck.

'In protective gear, possibly.'
Protective gear was very important in that situation.

Non-low-income households served by tier I day care homes will be unaffected by tiering.
Tier 6 will be the most affected.

with a record like that and uh that was one of the things that we're not allowed to was not allowed in the uh trial i went to though uh one of the two people who gave the perjured testimony
Of the ten over witnesses presenting testimonies, two were considered to have commited perjury. 

Enclosed is our assessment of EPA's compliance with the procedural steps required by sections 801(a)(1)(B)(i) through (iv) of title 5 with respect to the rule.
Since the steps were so well outlined in sections 801(a)(1)(B)(i) through (iv) of title 5, the report on the EPA practically wrote itself.

The Objectives and Instruments of Economic Policy.
Some of these objectives include producing as many balls of yarn as possible.

The stars move with the sky over the world as a unity."  Dave grunted at his own stupidity.
Dave knew better.

Immediately west of the Castillo de la Concepcien are the ruins of the 13th-century Iglesia de Santa Maraa Vieja.
The Inglesia is not far from the Castillo.

Murderous gangs in East Timor, deadly bombings in Israel and the Caucasus, scary tumors in Cardinal O'Connor's head, fugitive financier Martin Frankel in the Holsenglacis jail, runaway parade floats plowing into the crowd and yet not crushing a single presidential candidate--so much news and so little time, the effect of the summer schedule on News Quiz--which, incidentally, you can play all week without paying New York sales tax or showering or even getting out of your  Such is our end-of-summer malaise.
There have been over 100 deaths attributed to gangs in East Timor.

I couldn't help noticing the way he sat cross legged in his chair...just a tad feminine.
I couldn't help but see that he was sitting like a woman, so maybe he is transgender.

The thoughts and observations of each group are reported below.
The observations reported included feeling wakefulness.

i think you have to put in perspective that you know when the kids came home from school i wanted to be here i didn't want i don't want a job where i'm traveling around and and i'm away and uh
I want to be there when kids are there but I have to travel.

and if they do it won't make any difference because there's not a job for them
It's really difficult to get a job for them.

yeah my my husband likes uh country music real well and he he likes some of the new groups like Shenandoah and uh yeah he really likes Shenandoah
My husband's favorite music is country.

In a poll of 773 chief executives in 23 countries, consultants Watson Wyatt Worldwide found that most think productivity peaks around age 43.
The executives polled responded by telephone.

that's good huh that is good then
That is the best thing for her right now.

Nevertheless, Tommy did blame her.
Tommy was right to blame her.

No, as it happens, it doesn't.
It doesn't mean that I will pay that much.

i am as a matter of fact i'm at uh North Carolina State
I am at NC State, matter of fact and I'm close to you.

Under the old rules, the federal government would match the money states spent, according to a formula that took account of state need and benefit levels.
State's were found to increase spending to receive increased federal funding.

While the Lake District encourages and welcomes visitors, its popularity can damage the landscape and tax local transportation services.
The Lake District encourage visitors to come and swim in its many lakes.

like uh  one time Rick went and uh i went i didn't go with him and his grandmother was sitting there and she said that man across the hall is naked and he was he was sitting in his wheelchair stark naked
He was always naked in his wheelchair.

M??nerbes is also on a hill, with a medieval citadel that served as the Protestants' last redoubt in the 16th-century Wars of Religion.
That citadel was the site of a fierce battle between Catholics and Protestants.

When families live together for generations in the same town and valley, especially when these communities have been forced to pull together in times of hardship, a strong feeling of community is created, as has been the case throughout the history of this rugged territory.
The people of this area needed to band together as a community or perish.

Messages would be created by a special software program from random words provided by a customer.
After creation, the messages were sent to everyone on the mailing list.

But the blade stopped.
The blade was stopped by a metal buckler, thrown as a reflex by the experience warrior.

But tourists beware!
There are warnings for tourists regarding their own safety.

The main problem we're facing today is the fact that there are [698,079] people living at or below the federal poverty guidelines in Alabama and we have, in our 60 counties, 45 lawyers to serve 76 percent of that population, Waters said.
There are not enough lawyers for low income people.

Poor dear lady. 
The lady was the victim of an unfortunate accident.

If he's actually going to represent individuals for that organization, they're going to get great representation.
He was the best in the field.

By performing risk assessments on a recurring basis, organizations also obtain information on the status of their efforts to reduce improper payments and on areas needing further attention.
Risk assessments has to be performed on a recurring basis to ensure safety.

bringing about of political and social changes desired by the people.
The people were determined to bring social justice to their community.

Come in."Here in contrast to the brilliant sunlight of the patio was a dusky coolness.
The patio had been built only six months ago.

He nodded his head gravely. 
He nodded and was somber.

squash or something like that  plant one of those and it takes up your whole space
A squash takes up your whole space, but it's well worth it.

A little way north is another smaller town where the pace is less frantic.
The other smaller town has a smaller population.

you know i i don't normally do that at at work uh and i i typically deal with uh
I wouldn't normally carry a gun while at work.

Case  Transforming an Organization's Central Security Focal Point
Case Transforming an Organization's Data Security.

About 1.5 million kids are home schooled, and many parents insist it keeps their children engaged in hands-on learning.
Home schooling is not good for a child's social life. 

Vishnu may appear in art as a fish, a tortoise, a boar, a man-lion, or a dwarf, the first five of his nine avatars.
Vishnu can appear in different forms because it is one of the most powerful gods of Hinduism.

They simply are! 
They might be more.  

This noisy, boisterous, multicultural port is not a typical French tourist destination.
The port is always bustling and busy, keeping most people from adding it to the itinerary while in France.

The Muslim world, which reached from Baghdad to the Pyrenees, soon fragmented, with Spain becoming an independent caliphate.
The Muslim influence was soon removed from Spanish culture.

I beg your pardon, Mr. Hersheimmer.
If I could do it differently I would.

In addition to her position on the Board of Directors of the Legal Services Corporation, Nancy Rogers is the Vice Provost for Academic Administration and Platt Professor of Law at Ohio State University.
Nancy Rogers is busy and does not see her family much.

 Develop methods to assess program quality, to ensure that case handling staff are well trained and that the legal work among programs is coordinated and of high quality.
More than anything, quality in both the program and the legal work is what's required.

She was a strong supporter of the recent change to the State Bar of Texas dues statement that requires attorneys to opt-out of making a contribution to legal services.
Texas has one of the strictest legal systems in the United States.

The Celts and Christianity
The people and the Christian movement.

The economic benefits associated with premature mortality are the largest category of monetized benefits of the Clear Skies Act.
Premature mortality is how the Clear Skies act is helping reduce carbon emissions.

Jobs lost in one place are often created in another (although there are serious questions about whether the jobs will be as good, particularly for industrial workers).
When one job is lost, another is created.

In the end it was the very rigidity of their unshared control of the country that brought about the downfall of the Tokugawa.
Their unshared control of the country brought about the downfall because they couldn't get along.

He led Dave through the big tent, taking pride in the large drafting section--under the obvious belief that it was used for designing spells.
Dave was very good at drafting spells. 

A relatively new project in orchid breeding, it has some 50,000 plants and more than 4,000 varieties of delicate orchids.
The new project sourced its plants from breeders and hobbyists. 

At least not until John McCain gives me the go-ahead.
I depend on the go-ahead of John McCain in order to perform every activity.

As part of its annual submission of data and workpapers to the Commission to support the Commission's Report to Congress on International Mail, the Postal Service provided the FY 2000 billing determinant data for outbound mail.
The Postal Service data shows that they lose money every year.  

The weather had been perfectly fine for some days, and no ordinary boots would have left such a heavy deposit. 
It has been sunny every day this week.

To put the clock back a few years a very few, I am sure and re-enter one of those charming pensionnats de jeunes filles with which Paris abounds  " Tuppence interrupted him.
Tuppence interrupted him to purposely change the subject.

The Romanesque-Gothic church of San Matteo has the same gray-and-white facade.
The church of San Matteo is over four hundred years old.

She'd had her orders, I guess.
She was probably just forced to do it.

oh yeah it's it's true it's definitely true because
What you are saying is correct.

Congress has passed the Sarbanes-Oxley legislation which included establishment of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (PCAOB), tougher independence standards for auditors of public companies, and independent funding sources for the PCAOB and the FASB; the SEC has taken a number of regulatory and enforcement actions and made initial appointments to the PCAOB; various U.S.
Congress has passed the stupidest of all legislations

Figure 4.2 also shows an alternative fiscal policy path assuming the federal government saves all of the projected unified surpluses.
Figure 4.66 shows an alternative fiscal policy path 

But one thing is essential, I must see the girl."
I will do anything to see the girl.

The most obvious criterion is relevant IT expertise.
IT expertise is necessary. 

Without a placebo group, we still won't know if any of the treatments are better than nothing and therefore worth giving.
Effectiveness of the blue pill will not be known until further study is done.

For many facilities, injection of sorbent will occur after the air preheater and upstream of the ESP or FF.
30 ml of sorbent will be injected.

The Secretary of HHS has certified that the final rule will not have a significant impact on a substantial number of small entities.
However, the Secretary of HHS stated that the final rule would affect the larger entities. 

The men of the Lakes, hard working and abstemious, have always found ways to enjoy themselves, and this more often than not involved means physical competition.
Forms of physical competition include throwing horseshoes and long jumping.

The policy and guidance should also be revised to include (1) a requirement to capture and use specific manufacturing knowledge at the production commitment point as exit criteria to transition from system demonstration into production and (2) a requirement to structure major weapon system contracts to ensure the capture and use of knowledge for DOD to make investment decisions at critical junctures when transitioning from system integration to system demonstration and then into production.
The policy and guidance should also be read twice

It challenged each state to examine its organizational structures, its use of technology, intake systems, resource development, and private bar involvement through a statewide lens.
The examination of organization structures has the most potential to prove to be beneficial.

yeah well you can make a big difference in those and it's more more to home a lot of the time
You can make a big difference in peoples' lives if you volunteer.

and i think they stopped producing the IBM PC
I think they are still producing the IBM PC

SAMHSA funds applied research, and their application pro-gram is oversubscribed.
$1million in SAMHSA funds went to research.

Am I dreaming, Tuppence, or do I really behold a large quantity of five-pound notes being waved about in a dangerous fashion?"
Did you steal that bundle of five-pound notes from the register at work, Tuppence?

To sign a paper? 
To sign a name on paper is correct?

For example, adjusting for age differences between subjects in the economic studies and those affected by air pollution may imply the need to adjust the $6 million VSL downward, but the involuntary nature of air pollution-related risks and the lower level of risk-aversion of the manual laborers in the labor market studies may imply the need for upward adjustments.
Older people are at greater risk of health problems due to pollution.

Since 1994, Case has been involved with the formation and development of Lancaster Interagency Council for the Homeless.
Case has been involved in several projects that help the homeless.

The most impressive and important are listed below.
There is a list of noteworthy people.

so what is your favorite TV program
I do not get to watch TV very often.

Officials from the group's legal assistance program were not available to comment.
The official's efforts to acquire a response were only met with stony silence.

Special equipment available for disabled guests.
They have equipment for disabled guests so they can still take baths.

yeah it's um it's in the other room i don't know if we have enough time for it it's real easy one of the unique things in this  like a pound of ground beef some bread crumbs um an egg um
it tastes amazing - the flavour of the beef is really brought out by the sauce

yeah that's what i do
I have never done anything else.

The massive brick fortress, the Cetello Sforzesco, northwest of the city center, was originally built by the Visconti and later rebuilt in its present form in the 15th century by Duke Francesco Sforza.
The Cetello Sforzesco still stands today.

uh are selling two and three hundred thousand dollar houses up there and buying a hundred and fifty hundred and seventy five thousand dollar houses down here and they've wind up getting better houses here than they had there
the cheaper houses here have better floor plans and bigger yards

She arranged it carefully, then turned to Tommy.
She prepared the table with care, then turned to Tommy.

I know my fe llow judges want to do justice and not inflict injustice, observed Justice Earl Johnson of the California Court of Appeal, who chaired the committee that researched and wrote the report.
Some judges enjoy playing golf when they are not working.

Because of the possible toxicity of thiosulfate to test organisms, a control lacking thiosulfate should be included in toxicity tests utilizing thiosulfate-dechlorinated water.
Because of the possible toxicity of thiosulfate to test organisms, it should be banned.

will be more accurate than jurors who are unsure about only one criterion (does my doubt exceed 5 percent?)
There are twelve jurors in the courthouse in total.

You can probably manage at least a couple, and theaters often provide a good buffet between plays.
You may be able to manage up to a dozen.

I made up my mind to marry money when I was quite young.
When I was young, I decided to marry a person worth $100 billion.

have you been uh struggling along those lines
You need to adjust your perspective.

E-books may converge with other handheld devices.
Ebooks are more convenient 

The percent of total revenue by semi-decile is shown in Table 6. At every semidecile except the first, Poste Italiane receives a greater percentage of total revenue than the U.S.
The percentage of total revenue received by both Poste Italiane and the United States is small compared to that of Germany.

Since 1990, she has worked in the Administrative Law Unit and Resource Development, and directed the Elder Law Project, serving the northern half of the state.
The woman was proud of what she had accomplished for her state.

I knew I wouldn't be able to stand up against torture very long.
I knew I had a low tolerance for physical pain.

The analysis describes and illustrates the impact of the rule on various types of rural and urban hospitals.
The impact of the rule was always bigger on the rural hospitals.

right yes in fact i'm doing that right now with their afternoons when they get home before i do you know that's okay but the four year old now i have i have had her since i went back to work or before i went back to work really in a home day care
I was forced to go back to work and put my four year old into a daycare.

This Federated Laboratory concept guided ARL as it integrated the various management reforms.
It was successful

He bests the bureaucratic fools.
He thought he was smarter than the bureaucrats.

And Browning, a lawyer, is neat as a pin in her publicity photos.
Lawyer Browning looks important in her publicity photos.

VALUE-ADDED ACTIVITY - An activity that is judged to contribute to customer value or satisfy an organizational need.
A value-added activity is one that is judged to contribute to lifelong consumer value.

One household characteristic we focus on is an indicator variable of whether or not the household owns a personal computer.
We also ask about the frequency of personal computer use in the household.

What has made it into the public consciousness--including, alas, that of many policy intellectuals who imagine themselves well informed--is a sort of caricature Keynesianism, the hallmark of which is an uncritical acceptance of the idea that reduced consumer spending is always a bad thing.
These intellectuals all went to Harvard university.

I'd have stood by without a word and let her marry you, because you could have given her the sort of time she ought to have had, and I was only a poor devil without a penny to bless himself with.
He is in love with her, but he loves her so much that he will do whatever it takes to make her happy.

Organizational support/ The executive regularly participates in activities and projects intended to further the goals of the Service Delivery Network and VBA as a whole while functioning as a dedicated and skillful team player.
The executive participates in activities that will help the organization hire better employees.

and you get them for i think it's about fifty cents a piece at the grocery store um you usually buy them by the dozen
When you buy more than a dozen, you get a discount.

Yes, John likes me, I think, and of course Evie, for all her gruff ways, wouldn't be unkind to a fly. 
Evie has performed many exceptionally kind deeds during the time that I have known her. 

How did you come to look for it?
How did you know that there would be a dead body in the area?

